### [2009-06-14](/news/2009/06/14/index.md)

#  Seven Germans, one Briton and a South Korean are captured by Shia rebels in Sa'dah, Yemen. 

Seven Germans, a Briton and a Korean have been kidnapped in the Saada area of north Yemen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/8099202.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0614/yemen.html)

### Related:

1. [The US, UK, France and Germany ban all air freight from Yemen at their respective countries' airports following the discovery of two explosive packages. ](/news/2010/10/31/the-us-uk-france-and-germany-ban-all-air-freight-from-yemen-at-their-respective-countries-airports-following-the-discovery-of-two-explosi.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Yemen_
2. [ Somali pirates hijack five ships from the United Kingdom, Taiwan, Germany, France, and Yemen. ](/news/2009/04/6/somali-pirates-hijack-five-ships-from-the-united-kingdom-taiwan-germany-france-and-yemen.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Yemen_
3. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
4. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen_
5. [North Korean defectors. North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korean-defectors-north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: Britain, South Korea_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
7. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
8. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: Britain, Yemen_
9. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic-s borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
10. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
