### [2006-02-26](/news/2006/02/26/index.md)

#  Al Askari Mosque bombing: The International Crisis Group releases a report cautioning the international community to plan for the contingency of a civil war in Iraq.  At least 250 people have died in violence resulting from the Al Askari Mosque bombing.  

After a violent week in Iraq, the possibility of large-scale Sunni-Shiite conflict still looms.


### Source:

1. [CSMonitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0227/p01s03-woiq.html)

### Related:

1. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: Sixty-eight people have been killed so far today in Baghdad, Iraq. Car bombs and mortar barrages rocked Baghdad streets, as news pundits speculate about the possibility of Iraq becoming embroiled in a full-fledged civil war. ](/news/2006/02/28/al-askari-mosque-bombing-p-sixty-eight-people-have-been-killed-so-far-today-in-baghdad-iraq-car-bombs-and-mortar-barrages-rocked-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Iraq, civil war_
2. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: In Iraq over 100 people are killed in violence following yesterday's bombing of the Al Askari Mosque: 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad. About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight. Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra. At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot. One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in  Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. ](/news/2006/02/23/al-askari-mosque-bombing-in-iraq-over-100-people-are-killed-in-violence-following-yesterday-s-bombing-of-the-al-askari-mosque-p-47-factory.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq_
3. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: The Al Askari Mosque, a shrine to Imam Ali al-Hadi and Imam Hasan al-Askari in Samarra, Iraq, is bombed and partly destroyed.  The Golden Dome has collapsed. In the aftermath dozens of people die in riots, along with three journalists which includes Atwar Bahjat.](/news/2006/02/22/al-askari-mosque-bombing-the-al-askari-mosque-a-shrine-to-imam-ali-al-hadi-and-imam-hasan-al-askari-in-samarra-iraq-is-bombed-and-partl.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq_
4. [ United States forces claim that they have killed Haitham al-Badri, the leader of al-Qaeda in Salahuddin province in Iraq and believed to be the man responsible for the bombing of the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra in June. ](/news/2007/08/4/united-states-forces-claim-that-they-have-killed-haitham-al-badri-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-salahuddin-province-in-iraq-and-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq_
5. [ An explosion at the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra, Iraq is reported to have destroyed two of its minarets. ](/news/2007/06/13/an-explosion-at-the-al-askari-mosque-in-samarra-iraq-is-reported-to-have-destroyed-two-of-its-minarets.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq_
6. [ The United States military states in a report that some aspects of the situation in Iraq could be described as a "civil war". ](/news/2007/03/14/the-united-states-military-states-in-a-report-that-some-aspects-of-the-situation-in-iraq-could-be-described-as-a-civil-war.md) _Context: Iraq, civil war_
7. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five.  ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: Iraq_
