### [2010-04-9](/news/2010/04/9/index.md)

# Rescue efforts continue in Brazil in an attempt to locate around 200 people believed to have been buried in their homes by a large landslide in Morro do Bumba near Rio de Janeiro city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8610666.stm)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in the storm which caused severe damage to Brazil's Rio de Janeiro metro area reaches 200. ](/news/2010/04/8/the-death-toll-in-the-storm-which-caused-severe-damage-to-brazil-s-rio-de-janeiro-metro-area-reaches-200.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, buried in their homes by a large landslide_
2. [About 103 people are killed in flooding and mudslides in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil.  Of the total, thirty-three people died in the city of Rio de Janeiro, while 33 were killed in the neighbouring city of Niteroi, 12 people dead in Sao Goncalo, and one in Petropolis.  ](/news/2010/04/6/about-103-people-are-killed-in-flooding-and-mudslides-in-rio-de-janeiro-state-in-brazil-of-the-total-thirty-three-people-died-in-the-city.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [Alleged Brazil serial killer, Sailson Jose das Gracas, confesses to 42 murders in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/12/11/alleged-brazil-serial-killer-sailson-jose-das-gracas-confesses-to-42-murders-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
