### [2011-02-5](/news/2011/02/5/index.md)

# The largest anti-government demonstration in years occurs in Belgrade, with thousands of disenchanted Serbs travelling to the parliament building from across the country to call for early elections there. An opposition party leader at the event compares it to the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt. 

Belgrade sees its biggest anti-government protest in years as tens of thousands of disenchanted Serbs demand early elections.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12373901)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,14820181,00.html)
3. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE71418Q20110205)

### Related:

1. [ At least 500,000 Serbs rally in Belgrade to protest against Kosovo's declaration of independence over the weekend. ](/news/2008/02/21/at-least-500-000-serbs-rally-in-belgrade-to-protest-against-kosovo-s-declaration-of-independence-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbian_
2. [ In Serbia a documentary film "The Truth" (Istina) made of footage filmed during the Yugoslav wars, and showing numerous war crimes committed against Serbs is introduced in the Sava Center in Belgrade, sparking public outrage. ](/news/2005/07/9/in-serbia-a-documentary-film-the-truth-istina-made-of-footage-filmed-during-the-yugoslav-wars-and-showing-numerous-war-crimes-committe.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbian_
3. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbian_
4. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Belgrade_
5. [Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-protesters-accuse-prime-minister-aleksa.md) _Context: Belgrade_
6. [A man detonates a grenade inside a bakery in Belgrade, Serbia, killing himself. No other casualties were reported. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-man-detonates-a-grenade-inside-a-bakery-in-belgrade-serbia-killing-himself-no-other-casualties-were-reported.md) _Context: Belgrade_
7. [A Serbian military Russian-made MI-17 transport helicopter crashes near Belgrade's international airport in foggy weather while evacuating a sick 5-day-old baby with life-threatening respiratory problems from the south of the country, killing all seven people on board. ](/news/2015/03/13/a-serbian-military-russian-made-mi-17-transport-helicopter-crashes-near-belgrade-s-international-airport-in-foggy-weather-while-evacuating-a.md) _Context: Belgrade_
8. [Velika Ivanca shooting: At least 13 people are killed and another three injured after a man goes on a spree shooting in the village of Velika Ivanca near the Serbian capital Belgrade. ](/news/2013/04/9/velika-ivanaa-shooting-at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-another-three-injured-after-a-man-goes-on-a-spree-shooting-in-the-village-of-veli.md) _Context: Belgrade_
9. [Serbia and its former province of Kosovo reach an accord aimed at normalizing relations between the Balkan neighbours, potentially setting Belgrade on the path to membership of the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/19/serbia-and-its-former-province-of-kosovo-reach-an-accord-aimed-at-normalizing-relations-between-the-balkan-neighbours-potentially-setting-b.md) _Context: Belgrade_
10. [Serbian-American author Ta Obreht becomes the youngest author to win the Orange Prize for Fiction for her debut novel "The Tiger's Wife". ](/news/2011/06/8/serbian-american-author-tea-obreht-becomes-the-youngest-author-to-win-the-orange-prize-for-fiction-for-her-debut-novel-the-tiger-s-wife.md) _Context: Serbian_
