### [2011-02-5](/news/2011/02/5/index.md)

# Thousands of Italians attend a rally to demand the resignation of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi over a sex scandal. [http://www.skynews.com.au/politics/article.aspx?id=573740 (Sky News)]. A new Premier League scoring record is set with 41 goals scored in 8 matches.. League leaders Manchester United are stunned 2-1 by last-place Wolverhampton Wanderers, ending United's 29-match unbeaten streak in Premiership play.. Second-place Arsenal become the first team since the establishment of the Premier League in 1992 to blow a 4-0 lead, as Newcastle United storm back to draw 4-4.




### Related:

1. [Voters in Italian cities including Milan and Naples go to the polls for the second round of local government elections with candidates supported by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi losing in both cities. ](/news/2011/05/30/voters-in-italian-cities-including-milan-and-naples-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-local-government-elections-with-candidates-suppo.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial. An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is sentenced to 1 year of community service for his conviction of tax fraud. ](/news/2014/04/15/former-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-sentenced-to-1-year-of-community-service-for-his-conviction-of-tax-fraud.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [An Italian court rejects an appeal by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi against his conviction for tax fraud. ](/news/2013/06/19/an-italian-court-rejects-an-appeal-by-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-against-his-conviction-for-tax-fraud.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [An Italian appeals court upholds the conviction of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on tax fraud and sentences him to four years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-italian-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-of-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-on-tax-fraud-and-sentences-him-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is convicted of arranging an illegal wiretap and is sentenced to a year in jail. ](/news/2013/03/7/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-convicted-of-arranging-an-illegal-wiretap-and-is-sentenced-to-a-year-in-jail.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
8. [Roberto Maroni announces that an electoral pact signed between his Lega Nord party and Silvio Berlusconi's People of Freedom party explicitly rules out Berlusconi assuming the Prime Minister of Italy position again. ](/news/2013/01/8/roberto-maroni-announces-that-an-electoral-pact-signed-between-his-lega-nord-party-and-silvio-berlusconi-s-people-of-freedom-party-explicitl.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
9. [A bribery case against former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is dismissed due to the statute of limitations having expired. ](/news/2012/02/25/a-bribery-case-against-former-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-dismissed-due-to-the-statute-of-limitations-having-expired.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [Resignation of Silvio Berlusconi:. Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi narrowly wins a key budget vote in the Italian Parliament, but loses his parliamentary absolute majority as both allied and opposition politicians call on him to resign. ](/news/2011/11/8/resignation-of-silvio-berlusconi-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-narrowly-wins-a-key-budget-vote-in-the-italian-parliament-but.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
