### [2011-02-5](/news/2011/02/5/index.md)

# UK prime minister David Cameron uses an important speech at a security conference in Munich to say "state multiculturalism" has failed, adding that the UK needs a stronger national identity and promising to promote Western values. 

David Cameron criticises &quot;state multiculturalism&quot; in his first speech as prime minister on radicalisation and the causes of terrorism.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2011/02/2011255620810460.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12371994)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2011/feb/05/david-cameron-speech-criticised-edl)

### Related:

1. [Crime in Germany: A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/crime-in-germany-a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-off.md) _Context: Munich_
2. [German federal election, 2017: In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/german-federal-election-2017-in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Munich_
3. [Turkey-United States relations: The U.S. State Department orders family members of employees at the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul to leave as extremist groups threaten to kill or kidnap U.S. citizens and Westerners. ](/news/2016/10/29/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-state-department-orders-family-members-of-employees-at-the-u-s-consulate-general-in-istanbul-to-le.md) _Context: Westerners_
4. [Gambia says it will join South Africa and Burundi in withdrawing from the International Criminal Court, accusing the court of ignoring "Western war crimes" like the Kunduz hospital airstrike. ](/news/2016/10/26/gambia-says-it-will-join-south-africa-and-burundi-in-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-accusing-the-court-of-ignoring-west.md) _Context: Westerners_
5. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
6. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron_
7. [2016 Munich shooting: Munich Police Chief Hubertus Andrae identifies the attacker as a dual national, 18-year-old Iranian-German who apparently acted alone. He was found dead of a suspected self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-munich-shooting-munich-police-chief-hubertus-andrae-identifies-the-attacker-as-a-dual-national-18-year-old-iranian-german-who-apparen.md) _Context: Munich_
8. [2016 Munich shooting: Ten people, including the gunman, are killed and 21 wounded in a shooting in and around the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum shopping mall in the Moosach district of Munich, Germany, next to the Olympic stadium.](/news/2016/07/22/2016-munich-shooting-ten-people-including-the-gunman-are-killed-and-21-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-and-around-the-olympia-einkaufszentrum-sh.md) _Context: Munich_
9. [Finland-Russia relations: Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/finland-russia-relations-following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-th.md) _Context: Westerners_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron_
