### [2015-09-15](/news/2015/09/15/index.md)

# Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu'ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. 

Yemeni Ansarullah fighters, backed by allied forces, seize al-Rabu’ah town in Saudi Arabia’s southwestern Asir region.


### Source:

1. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.com/Detail/2015/09/15/429292/Yemen-Houthi-Saudi-Arabia-Asir-Rabuah-Popular-Committees)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
3. [Saudi  air defenses intercept a Scud missile fired from Yemen as it headed towards the city of Khamis Mushait, in the southwestern 'Asir Region. ](/news/2016/02/14/saudi-air-defenses-intercept-a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-as-it-headed-towards-the-city-of-khamis-mushait-in-the-southwestern-asir-reg.md) _Context: 'Asir Region, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
4. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni_
5. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
6. [Saudi-led airstrikes kill at least 30 people and wound 25 others in the  southwestern Yemeni town of Sanabani at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/7/saudi-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-30-people-and-wound-25-others-in-the-southwestern-yemeni-town-of-sanabani-at-a-wedding-hosted-by-a-triba.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
7. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
8. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen, Yemeni_
9. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
10. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi-led coalition, Yemen_
