### [2015-09-15](/news/2015/09/15/index.md)

# The Indonesian province of Riau declares a state of emergency due to high levels of smoke haze from forest fires in Riau, Jambi and South Sumatra that have led thousands of people to flee the capital Pekanbaru. 

Indonesia has declared a haze emergency in Sumatra&#039;s Riau province, as the choking smoke surged way past already hazardous levels and forced thousands to flee Pekanbaru, Riau&#039;s capital, which is about 280km away from Singapore.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/se-asia/riau-declares-emergency-as-haze-worsens)
2. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/in-pictures-haze-on-sep/2125734.html?cid=twtcna)

### Related:

1. [The Indonesian state of Riau extends its haze emergency by another month while four airports in Sumatra and Kalimantan remain shut. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-indonesian-state-of-riau-extends-its-haze-emergency-by-another-month-while-four-airports-in-sumatra-and-kalimantan-remain-shut.md) _Context: Indonesia, Riau, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
2. [The Indonesian government plans an appeal to a South Sumatra court's rejection of a Rp 7.8 trillion (SGD 780 million) lawsuit against a pulp and paper company accused of contributing to the recurring Southeast Asian hazes, particularly the recent incident of hazes in 2015. ](/news/2015/12/31/the-indonesian-government-plans-an-appeal-to-a-south-sumatra-court-s-rejection-of-a-rp-7-8-trillion-sgd-780-million-lawsuit-against-a-pulp.md) _Context: South Sumatra, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
3. [Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-about-30-percent-of-the-world.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
4. [ Indonesian forest fires have advanced into dense forest on Borneo and now threaten one third of the world's remaining wild orangutans, say conservationists. ](/news/2015/10/27/indonesian-forest-fires-have-advanced-into-dense-forest-on-borneo-and-now-threaten-one-third-of-the-worldas-remaining-wild-orangutans-sa.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
5. [Singapore closes its primary and secondary schools as smoke from the Indonesian fires raises air pollution to hazardous levels. ](/news/2015/09/25/singapore-closes-its-primary-and-secondary-schools-as-smoke-from-the-indonesian-fires-raises-air-pollution-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
6. [The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-smog.md) _Context: Indonesia, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
