### [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

# 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. 

High winds caused by Storm Frank have resulted in long delays at Belfast airport. As well as departures, travellers also faced a wait to disembark from nine flights as wind speeds reached 55 knots (63mph). The conditions meant it was not immediately possible to get aircraft access steps into place. Some passengers reportedly faced delays of up to 10 hours as flights were grounded. The airport said the disruption would have a knock-on effect on scheduled departures to Gatwick, Glasgow, Bristol, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Liverpool and Manchester. Jack Graham, who was delayed at Belfast for five hours, told ITV News there had been a lack of information for those waiting. Describing the mood among passengers as &quot;absolutely dreadful&quot;, he said: &quot;There are no easyJet staff anywhere, no managers on site.&quot; 


### Source:

1. [ITV News](http://www.itv.com/news/2015-12-30/storm-frank-high-winds-force-passengers-off-grounded-flights-amid-long-delays/)

### Related:

1. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
2. [Georgia-European Union relations. Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
3. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
4. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
5. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
6. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
7. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
8. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere - also in the Lake District - set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
9. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods. The 18th century Tadcaster Bridge, in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, partially collapses into the River Wharfe as a result of flooding. British Army soldiers evacuated people from nearby homes. ](/news/2015/12/29/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-the-18th-century-tadcaster-bridge-in-tadcaster-north-yor.md) _Context: 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods, 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
10. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
