## [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

### [Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restaurants-in-the-kurdish-controlled-syrian-city-o.md)
A string of explosions has rocked the northeastern Syrian city of Kamishli, targeting its Kurdish and Assyrian Christian population. Dozens of people were killed or wounded, according to a Kurdish spokesman cited by Reuters.

### [Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-the-country-in-response.md)
_Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, African Union, Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_

### [The Philippines says it will join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank despite disputes between it and the bank's founder, China. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-philippines-says-it-will-join-the-asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-despite-disputes-between-it-and-the-bank-s-founder-china.md)
(UPDATED) Joining the China-led AIIB eventually means more jobs and better businesses, Finance Secretary Cesar Purisima says

### [Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla indicates Puerto Rico will default on bonds issued by the island's Infrastructure Financing Authority and Public Finance Corporation.  ](/news/2015/12/30/governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-indicates-puerto-rico-will-default-on-bonds-issued-by-the-islandas-infrastructure-financing-authority-a.md)
_Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Puerto Rico_

### [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md)
High winds caused by Storm Frank have resulted in long delays at Belfast airport. As well as departures, travellers also faced a wait to disembark from nine flights as wind speeds reached 55 knots (63mph). The conditions meant it was not immediately possible to get aircraft access steps into place. Some passengers reportedly faced delays of up to 10 hours as flights were grounded. The airport said the disruption would have a knock-on effect on scheduled departures to Gatwick, Glasgow, Bristol, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Liverpool and Manchester. Jack Graham, who was delayed at Belfast for five hours, told ITV News there had been a lack of information for those waiting. Describing the mood among passengers as &quot;absolutely dreadful&quot;, he said: &quot;There are no easyJet staff anywhere, no managers on site.&quot; 

### [Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-asserting-that-turkey.md)
_Context: Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, Iraq, Iraq-Turkey relations, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_

### [Belgium cancels New Year's Eve firework celebrations in Brussels amid fears of an Islamic terrorist attack in an unspecified European capital city. ](/news/2015/12/30/belgium-cancels-new-year-s-eve-firework-celebrations-in-brussels-amid-fears-of-an-islamic-terrorist-attack-in-an-unspecified-european-capita.md)
France&#039;s capital replaces fireworks with a video as Brussels cancels festivities and arrests another man over November&#039;s attacks.

### [American entertainer Bill Cosby is charged with aggravated indecent assault in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.  The county's District Attorney-elect said his office is also examining evidence related to other cases.  The current charges relate to one particular 2004 incident.  ](/news/2015/12/30/american-entertainer-bill-cosby-is-charged-with-aggravated-indecent-assault-in-montgomery-county-pennsylvania-the-county-s-district-attor.md)
_Context: Bill Cosby, Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations, Montgomery County_

### [Two Belgian policewomen and eight soldiers reportedly held an orgy at a police station in the Brussels neighbourhood of Ganshoren while colleagues hunted for the Paris terror attacks suspects. The police station was near Molenbeek, where anti-terror raids had been taking place. Police spokesman, Johan Berckmans, said "we have launched an investigation to find out what exactly happened". ](/news/2015/12/30/two-belgian-policewomen-and-eight-soldiers-reportedly-held-an-orgy-at-a-police-station-in-the-brussels-neighbourhood-of-ganshoren-while-coll.md)
Two policewomen and eight soldiers alleged to have engaged in group sex while colleagues hunted for Paris terror attack suspects

### [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md)
The turmoil and an upsurge of violence in the capital Bangui in September repeatedly forced authorities to delay the polls. More recently some have cast doubts on whether the election can be organised successfully.

### [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20|F|C. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32|F|C threshold for a brief moment, according to the  U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50|F-change|1 higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md)
_Context: American, Arctic, British Isles, North Pole, Ocean Prediction Center, U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

