### [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

# Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. 

High winds caused by Storm Frank have resulted in long delays at Belfast airport. As well as departures, travellers also faced a wait to disembark from nine flights as wind speeds reached 55 knots (63mph). The conditions meant it was not immediately possible to get aircraft access steps into place. Some passengers reportedly faced delays of up to 10 hours as flights were grounded. The airport said the disruption would have a knock-on effect on scheduled departures to Gatwick, Glasgow, Bristol, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Liverpool and Manchester. Jack Graham, who was delayed at Belfast for five hours, told ITV News there had been a lack of information for those waiting. Describing the mood among passengers as &quot;absolutely dreadful&quot;, he said: &quot;There are no easyJet staff anywhere, no managers on site.&quot; 


### Source:

1. [ITV News](http://www.itv.com/news/2015-12-30/storm-frank-high-winds-force-passengers-off-grounded-flights-amid-long-delays/)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
3. [AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-aps921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-t.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and-damaging-high-winds-as-storm-katie-moves.md) _Context: 2015–16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, United Kingdom_
5. [Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-warnings-for-south-w.md) _Context: 2015–16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: 2015–16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, United Kingdom_
7. [Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere -- also in the Lake District -- set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain-fell-in-24-hours-at-honister-pass-in-the-lake-district-in.md) _Context: 2015–16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, United Kingdom_
8. [The 18th century Tadcaster Bridge, in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, partially collapses into the River Wharfe as a result of flooding. British Army soldiers evacuated people from nearby homes. ](/news/2015/12/29/the-18th-century-tadcaster-bridge-in-tadcaster-north-yorkshire-partially-collapses-into-the-river-wharfe-as-a-result-of-flooding-british.md) _Context: 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods, 2015–16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
9. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
10. [Telecommunications giant BT expands its investment in sports broadcasting with the purchase of ESPN's channels in Britain and Ireland. ](/news/2013/02/25/telecommunications-giant-bt-expands-its-investment-in-sports-broadcasting-with-the-purchase-of-espn-s-channels-in-britain-and-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
