### [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

# Two Belgian policewomen and eight soldiers reportedly held an orgy at a police station in the Brussels neighbourhood of Ganshoren while colleagues hunted for the Paris terror attacks suspects. The police station was near Molenbeek, where anti-terror raids had been taking place. Police spokesman, Johan Berckmans, said "we have launched an investigation to find out what exactly happened". 

Two policewomen and eight soldiers alleged to have engaged in group sex while colleagues hunted for Paris terror attack suspects


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/30/belgian-soldiers-police-held-orgy-during-brussels-lockdown)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/3f9450f1b7e1e81be34ada6ba870d2aba7c31633/0_31_3500_2101/master/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=1318bf3470e509ddfaec4a679972c562)

### Related:

1. [Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel announces Brussels remains on the highest state of alert; concern a new, Paris-style mass attack may be imminent. ](/news/2015/11/22/belgian-prime-minister-charles-michel-announces-brussels-remains-on-the-highest-state-of-alert-concern-a-new-paris-style-mass-attack-may-b.md) _Context: 2015 Brussels lockdown, Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [Belgium raises its terror alert level to the highest level in the capital Brussels and deploys soldiers on the streets of major Belgian cities such as Brussels, Antwerp and Ghent. As part of the emergency measures, the Belgian government is advising people in the Brussels area to avoid crowded places, which includes concerts, train stations, airports, public transportation, and busy shopping streets, warning of an "imminent threat". ](/news/2015/11/21/belgium-raises-its-terror-alert-level-to-the-highest-level-in-the-capital-brussels-and-deploys-soldiers-on-the-streets-of-major-belgian-citi.md) _Context: 2015 Brussels lockdown, Brussels, soldiers_
3. [Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2016/04/9/mohamed-abrini-has-reportedly-admitted-to-being-the-man-in-the-hat-sought-after-the-brussels-bombings-he-is-also-being-charged-with-invol.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [Police in Brussels, Belgium arrest multiple right-wing and anti-racist protesters, with riot squads engaged in a tense confrontation with local youths in the district of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek. A standoff grew when far-right protesters faced a counter-demonstration, despite protests being banned by local authorities who were fearful of last Sunday's event, in which police forcefully dispersed a right-wing protest with water cannons. ](/news/2016/04/2/police-in-brussels-belgium-arrest-multiple-right-wing-and-anti-racist-protesters-with-riot-squads-engaged-in-a-tense-confrontation-with-lo.md) _Context: Brussels, Sint-Jans-Molenbeek_
5. [ Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-brussels-bombing-also-three.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
6. [Belgian security forces hunt gunmen linked to the November 2015 Paris attacks following a raid on a house in Brussels which left four officers wounded and one suspect dead after an exchange of gunfire. Roads have been blocked off in the Belgian capital's southern suburb of Forest as one or more gunmen remain at large. ](/news/2016/03/15/belgian-security-forces-hunt-gunmen-linked-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-following-a-raid-on-a-house-in-brussels-which-left-four-office.md) _Context: Brussels, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
7. [A Somali man has been shot dead after attacking soldiers with a machete in Brussels, in what prosecutors are treating as a terror attack. ](/news/2017/08/25/a-somali-man-has-been-shot-dead-after-attacking-soldiers-with-a-machete-in-brussels-in-what-prosecutors-are-treating-as-a-terror-attack.md) _Context: Brussels_
8. [A priest is arrested and questioned over an alleged drug-induced gay orgy hosted in his apartment in the Vatican City. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-priest-is-arrested-and-questioned-over-an-alleged-drug-induced-gay-orgy-hosted-in-his-apartment-in-the-vatican-city.md) _Context: orgy_
9. [A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking-a.md) _Context: Brussels_
10. [Brexit negotiations begin in Brussels. ](/news/2017/06/19/brexit-negotiations-begin-in-brussels.md) _Context: Brussels_
