
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.json)  [XML](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.xml)  

### [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

##### Central African general election, 2015-16
# Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. 

The turmoil and an upsurge of violence in the capital Bangui in September repeatedly forced authorities to delay the polls. More recently some have cast doubts on whether the election can be organised successfully.


### Sources:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/central-african-republic-to-hold-national-elections/2015/12/29/3eb6fba2-aea4-11e5-b281-43c0b56f61fa_story.html)
2. [Bloomberg via ''The National](http://www.thenational.ae/world/africa/elections-in-central-african-republic-end-without-violence-as-voters-seek-peace)
3. [EuroNews](http://www.euronews.com/2015/12/30/counting-underway-after-peaceful-car-election/)
4. [Pulse News Agency](http://pulse.ng/world/central-african-republic-country-to-vote-in-election-to-restore-democracy-id4507108.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://static.pulse.ng/img/incoming/crop4507058/2781748712-cfacebook_photo-w1200-h630/2015-12-30T065239Z-1007970001-LYNXMPEBBT063-RTROPTP-3-OZATP-UK-CENTRALAFRICA-ELECTION.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [Central African general election, 2015-16: Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamenta.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the December 13 referendum. Amid sporadic violence, 39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the legislature cannot participate. ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the-new-constitution-in-the-december-13-referendum-a.md) _Context: Acting President, Catherine Samba-Panza, Central African Republic_
2. [At least 60 people are killed in Central African Republic during clashes between pro-Seleka rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Francois Bozize. ](/news/2013/09/9/at-least-60-people-are-killed-in-central-african-republic-during-clashes-between-pro-sa-c-la-c-ka-rebels-and-forces-loyal-to-ousted-president-fr.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, Seleka_
3. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Central African general election, 2015-16_
4. [Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/russia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-central-african-republic-s-former-presi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
5. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Catherine Samba-Panza, Central African Republic_
