### [2015-12-30](/news/2015/12/30/index.md)

# Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. 

The turmoil and an upsurge of violence in the capital Bangui in September repeatedly forced authorities to delay the polls. More recently some have cast doubts on whether the election can be organised successfully.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''The National](http://www.thenational.ae/world/africa/elections-in-central-african-republic-end-without-violence-as-voters-seek-peace)
2. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/central-african-republic-to-hold-national-elections/2015/12/29/3eb6fba2-aea4-11e5-b281-43c0b56f61fa_story.html)
3. [EuroNews](http://www.euronews.com/2015/12/30/counting-underway-after-peaceful-car-election/)
4. [Pulse News Agency](http://pulse.ng/world/central-african-republic-country-to-vote-in-election-to-restore-democracy-id4507108.html)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the  December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence,  39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the  legislature cannot participate.  ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the-new-constitution-in-the-december-13-referendum.md) _Context: Acting President, Catherine Samba-Panza, Central-African_
2. [Aftermath of the Central African Republic conflict (2012-13):At least 60 people are killed in Central African Republic during clashes between pro-Seleka rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Francois Bozize. ](/news/2013/09/9/aftermath-of-the-central-african-republic-conflict-2012a13-pat-least-60-people-are-killed-in-central-african-republic-during-clashes-bet.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé, Séléka_
3. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central African general election, 2015–16, Central-African_
4. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé_
5. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Catherine Samba-Panza, Central-African_
6. [Amidst pressure for failing to resolve ongoing conflict, President of the Central African Republic Michel Djotodia resigns nine months after Seleka toppled Francois Bozize. Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet becomes acting president. ](/news/2014/01/10/amidst-pressure-for-failing-to-resolve-ongoing-conflict-president-of-the-central-african-republic-michel-djotodia-resigns-nine-months-after.md) _Context: François Bozizé, Séléka_
7. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-pr.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé_
9. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pcentral-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-a.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pthe-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance.md) _Context: Central-African, François Bozizé_
