### [2014-07-20](/news/2014/07/20/index.md)

# Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. 

US President Barack Obama called for an &quot;immediate ceasefire&quot; between Israel and Hamas on Sunday, after the bloodiest day of fighting in Gaza raised the number of Palestinians killed to 476. The UN Security Council expressed concern for the growing number of casualties in Gaza and issued a


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/israel-hamas-fighting-resumes-humanitarian-lull-170517230.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/1.606129)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
7. [Operation Protective Edge:According to Hamas the death toll from Israel's offensive against the Gaza Strip exceeds 300 although it is not clear how many are civilians or militants. Israel conducted over 2500 airstrikes and artillery strikes during the operation while thousands of rockets have been fired into Israel. ](/news/2014/07/19/operation-protective-edge-paccording-to-hamas-the-death-toll-from-israel-s-offensive-against-the-gaza-strip-exceeds-300-although-it-is-not-c.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
8. [Operation Protective Edge:Israel and Hamas agree to a brief UN humanitarian ceasefire Thursday morning to allow aid to enter the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/07/17/operation-protective-edge-pisrael-and-hamas-agree-to-a-brief-un-humanitarian-ceasefire-thursday-morning-to-allow-aid-to-enter-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
9. [Operation Protective Edge:Israel Defense Forces special forces raid a missile launch site in the Gaza Strip and destroy it. ](/news/2014/07/13/operation-protective-edge-pisrael-defense-forces-special-forces-raid-a-missile-launch-site-in-the-gaza-strip-and-destroy-it.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
10. [Operation Protective Edge:The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/operation-protective-edge-pthe-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-ov.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Protective Edge_
