### [2015-06-15](/news/2015/06/15/index.md)

# Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida, announces his candidacy for the Republican Party nomination. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/15/politics/jeb-bush-2016-presidential-announcement/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Jeb Bush, Republican_
2. [ United States district court judge Jeremy Fogel imposes a moratorium on lethal injections in California stating that they are unconstitutional. In an unrelated incident, the Governor of Florida Jeb Bush has suspended lethal injections in Florida pending an investigation into the system after the recent execution of ngel Nieves Daz took 34 minutes after it was botched. ](/news/2006/12/15/united-states-district-court-judge-jeremy-fogel-imposes-a-moratorium-on-lethal-injections-in-california-stating-that-they-are-unconstitutio.md) _Context: Governor of Florida, Jeb Bush_
3. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Republican_
4. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Republican_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Republican_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-criticism-including-a-tweet-by-pres.md) _Context: Republican_
