
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-reach-a67-c-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-of-a71-c-recorded-in-2013-in-yakutia-s-village-o.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-reach-a67-c-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-of-a71-c-recorded-in-2013-in-yakutia-s-village-o.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-reach-a67-c-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-of-a71-c-recorded-in-2013-in-yakutia-s-village-o.xml)  

### [2018-01-16](/news/2018/01/16/index.md)

##### Climate of Russia
# Temperatures reach [?]67 C in Russia's Yakutia region, four degrees shy of the record low of [?]71 C recorded in 2013 in Yakutia's village of Oymyakon. 

MOSCOW: Temperatures reached -67 degrees Celsius in the remote Yakutia region in Russia on Tuesday (Jan 16), the Associated Press (AP) reported. Pictures circulating on social media showed people posing with frozen eyelashes as temperatures reportedly fell to -50 degrees Celsius on Sunday. A video posted on Twitter also showed a cup of boiling water solidifying after being poured out of a window. https://twitter.com/yakutia/status/952023816586321921 Residents in Yakutia are normally used to the freezing conditions, with students routinely going to school even when temperatures are -40 degrees Celsius. However, Tuesday&#039;s blistering cold resulted in schools being cancelled throughout the region, reported AP. Parents were also ordered by the police to keep their children indoors. In the village of Oymyakon in Yakutia, Russian media outlets showed the temperature falling to the bottom of a thermometer that was only set up to measure up to -50 degrees Celsius, said AP. However, the lowest ever temperature recorded in Oymyakon was -71 degrees Celsius in 2013. ​​​​​​​ AP cited the press office for Yakutia&#039;s governor as saying that all households and businesses in the area have access to central heating and access to backup power generators. Yakutia is no stranger to cold spells. The region of 1 million people located 5,300km east of Moscow normally sees temperatures that range from 18 degrees Celsius to -40 degrees Celsius.


### Sources:

1. [Channel NewsAsia](https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/even-eyelashes-freeze-as-parts-of-russia-hit-67-degrees-celsius-9868586)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/image/9868598/16x9/991/529/82b5032f54c073d4747f92c447f0d36a/Ux/russia-cold.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Temperatures sink to [?]67 C in Russia's Yakutia region, four degrees shy of the record low of [?]71 C recorded in 2013 in Yakutia's village of Oymyakon. ](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-sink-to-a67-c-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-of-a71-c-recorded-in-2013-in-yakutia-s-village.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (First version)_
2. [Temperatures sink to -67 degrees Celsius (-88.6 Fahrenheit) in Russia's Yakutia region, four degrees shy of the record low, -71C, recorded in 2013 in Yakutia's village of Oymyakon. ](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-sink-to-67-degrees-celsius-88-6-fahrenheit-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-71c-recorded-i.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
3. [Temperatures sink to -67 degrees Celsius (-88.6 Fahrenheit) in Russia's Yakutia region, four degrees shy of the record low, -71 C (-95.8 Fahrenheit), recorded in 2013 in Yakutia's village of Oymyakon. ](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-sink-to-67-degrees-celsius-88-6-fahrenheit-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-71-c-95-8-fah.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
3. [Temperatures reach [?]67 C in Russia's Yakutia region, four degrees shy of the record low of [?]71 C recorded in 2013 in Yakutia's village of Oymyakon. ](/news/2018/01/16/temperatures-reach-a67-c-in-russia-s-yakutia-region-four-degrees-shy-of-the-record-low-of-a71-c-recorded-in-2013-in-yakutia-s-village-o.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [United States Central Command says that it killed more than 100 pro-government troops in "self-defense" strikes 8 km east of the Euphrates de-confliction line that was reportedly agreed with Russia.](/news/2018/02/7/united-states-central-command-says-that-it-killed-more-than-100-pro-government-troops-in-self-defense-strikes-8-km-east-of-the-euphrates-d.md) _Context: Russia_
2. [The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that unidentified rebel factions have shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-25 jet over the Idlib Governorate, near Maarrat al-Nu'man, also killing its pilot. The pilot had escaped with his parachute but was killed on the ground while he fought with a pistol to evade capture. No groups claim responsibility. Russia's Ministry of Defence corroborates this version of events. ](/news/2018/02/3/the-london-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-unidentified-rebel-factions-have-shot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-25-jet-over.md) _Context: Russia_
3. [Reports surface about the publication on January 29 by the United States of a list of Russian politicians and oligarchs that the U.S. government was required by CAATSA to draw up. Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the list, on which he is not included, is an "unfriendly act" that complicates ties between the two countries. ](/news/2018/01/30/reports-surface-about-the-publication-on-january-29-by-the-united-states-of-a-list-of-russian-politicians-and-oligarchs-that-the-u-s-govern.md) _Context: Russia_
4. [Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest rally in Moscow. His arrest comes shortly after police raid the headquarters of his unregistered Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while police say they were looking for a bomb. Navalny is released from police custody without charge late Sunday but needs to appear in court later. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-politician-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [Incumbent Milos Zeman, who opposes immigration and objects to EU sanctions against Russia, is elected to a second term as President of the Czech Republic, after receiving 51.8 percent of the votes in the run-off election over pro-EU challenger Jiri Drahos. ](/news/2018/01/27/incumbent-miloa-zeman-who-opposes-immigration-and-objects-to-eu-sanctions-against-russia-is-elected-to-a-second-term-as-president-of-the.md) _Context: Russia_
