### [2012-12-25](/news/2012/12/25/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: The Seleka rebel coalition captures Kaga-Bandoro, the fourth major city to fall since the return to hostilities on December 10. Meanwhile, President Francois Bozize meets with military advisors in the capital Bangui. 




### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20121225-central-african-rebels-seize-another-town-military)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's, Francois Bozize_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistanc.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's, Francois Bozize_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Francois Bozize, Seleka_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-p.md) _Context: Bangui's, Francois Bozize_
5. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:: All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-all-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-re.md) _Context: Bangui's, Seleka_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Rebels halt their advance towards the capital Bangui and agree to peace talks. ](/news/2013/01/2/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-halt-their-advance-towards-the-capital-bangui-and-agree-to-peace-talks.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's_
7. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-frana.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Francois Bozize_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: The Seleka rebel coalition takes over Bambari, the country's third largest town, after a string of similar successes in recent weeks. ](/news/2012/12/23/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-seleka-rebel-coalition-takes-over-bambari-the-country-s-third-largest-town-after-a-string-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Seleka_
9. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-chad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Seleka_
10. [Central African general election, 2015-16: Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamenta.md) _Context: Francois Bozize_
