### [2012-12-25](/news/2012/12/25/index.md)

# A man rams his car into a group of schoolchildren in Hebei, China, with at least 13 casualties reported. 

A Chinese man has rammed his car into a group of schoolchildren and attempted to set off an explosion, state media say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-20841390)
2. [RTHK](http://rthk.hk/rthk/news/englishnews/20121225/news_20121225_56_891621.htm)
3. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/article/1112632/hebei-man-drives-car-students-injuring-13)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/26/world/asia/chinese-driver-runs-down-students.html)

### Related:

1. [Floods kill at least 154 in China and 300,000 people are being evacuated in Hebei province. Villagers have accused local officials of covering up the extent of the damage. ](/news/2016/07/23/floods-kill-at-least-154-in-china-and-300-000-people-are-being-evacuated-in-hebei-province-villagers-have-accused-local-officials-of-coveri.md) _Context: China, Hebei_
2. [China detains Jing Chunhua, a senior official from Hebei province of China, for investigation by the Communist Party's anti-graft agency for violating party discipline and breaking the law. Jing is the second provincial-ranked official from Hebei province to undergo investigation since the wider anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/03/3/china-detains-jing-chunhua-a-senior-official-from-hebei-province-of-china-for-investigation-by-the-communist-party-s-anti-graft-agency-for.md) _Context: China, Hebei_
3. [ At least 123 miners are missing following an explosion at a coal mine in China's Hebei province, the official Xinhua news agency says. ](/news/2005/12/6/at-least-123-miners-are-missing-following-an-explosion-at-a-coal-mine-in-china-s-hebei-province-the-official-xinhua-news-agency-says.md) _Context: China, Hebei_
4. [ In China, a group of farmers in Shengyou village in Hebei province that demonstrated over seizure of an arable land for the power plant, win in a dispute. ](/news/2005/07/21/in-china-a-group-of-farmers-in-shengyou-village-in-hebei-province-that-demonstrated-over-seizure-of-an-arable-land-for-the-power-plant-wi.md) _Context: China, Hebei_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: China_
