### [2012-12-25](/news/2012/12/25/index.md)

# Elizabeth II addresses her Commonwealth subjects in her annual Royal Christmas Message, referring to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the "humbling" experience of her diamond jubilee celebrations. Her speech - the first to be broadcast in 3D - does not include mention the recently-announced pregnancy of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, wife of her eldest grandson. 




### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/tv-radio/rte-guide-makes-majestic-blunder-as-queens-speech-becomes-lecture-3326657.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2012/dec/25/queen-diamond-jubilee-christmas-message)

### Related:

1. [Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II:: The Jubilee celebrations conclude with a lunch at Marlborough House on Pall Mall attended by Elizabeth II and Commonwealth leaders. ](/news/2012/06/6/diamond-jubilee-of-elizabeth-ii-the-jubilee-celebrations-conclude-with-a-lunch-at-marlborough-house-on-pall-mall-attended-by-elizabeth-ii.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
2. [Queen Elizabeth II marks the 60th anniversary of her becoming the monarch of the United Kingdom and seven other sovereign states in the Commonwealth of Nations with events to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee set for later in the year. ](/news/2012/02/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-marks-the-60th-anniversary-of-her-becoming-the-monarch-of-the-united-kingdom-and-seven-other-sovereign-states-in-the-comm.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, London_
4. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II_
5. [Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom attends a Cabinet meeting for the first time to receive a gift in honour of her Diamond Jubilee, including having an area of the British Antarctic Territory named for her. It is believed to be the first time that a British monarch has attended a Cabinet meeting in peace-time since Queen Victoria's reign. ](/news/2012/12/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-for-the-first-time-to-receive-a-gift-in-honour-of-her-diamond-jubilee-in.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
6. [The Olympic Torch arrives in London for the final stages of the UK-wide relay ahead of the 2012 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2012/07/20/the-olympic-torch-arrives-in-london-for-the-final-stages-of-the-uk-wide-relay-ahead-of-the-2012-summer-olympics.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
7. [Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II:: Elizabeth II attends a lunch at Westminster Hall following the Jubilee thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral. Celebrations ends with a flypast by the Red Arrows. ](/news/2012/06/5/diamond-jubilee-of-elizabeth-ii-elizabeth-ii-attends-a-lunch-at-westminster-hall-following-the-jubilee-thanksgiving-service-at-st-paul-s-c.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
8. [The Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom reaches its peak with a pageant on the River Thames. ](/news/2012/06/3/the-diamond-jubilee-of-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-reaches-its-peak-with-a-pageant-on-the-river-thames.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
9. [100,000 people attend the first day of a two-day music concert at Hackney Marshes in London, which forms part of the build-up to the 2012 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2012/06/23/100-000-people-attend-the-first-day-of-a-two-day-music-concert-at-hackney-marshes-in-london-which-forms-part-of-the-build-up-to-the-2012-su.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, London_
10. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, London_
