### [2012-12-25](/news/2012/12/25/index.md)

# In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. 

Cardinal Seán Brady has urged everyone who believes that the right to life is fundamental to tell legislators that no government is entitled to remove that right from an innocent person.


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2012/1225/breaking1.html)
2. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/1225/cardinal-sean-brady-anti-abortion.html)
3. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome/indianews/article-2253181/Irish-church-fury-government-plan-legalise-abortions-dentist-Sativa-died-following-miscarriage.html)

### Related:

1. [President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins calls for an investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar to meet the needs of a "concerned public" as Savita's husband Praveen continues his battle against Ireland's government and the Health Service Executive (HSE) to hold a sworn, public inquiry into her death, which he believes occurred due to her being denied an abortion. ](/news/2012/11/21/president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-calls-for-an-investigation-into-the-death-of-savita-halappanavar-to-meet-the-needs-of-a-concerned-p.md) _Context: Ireland, Irish government, abortion, abortion, abortion scandal_
2. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Ireland, Seán Brady, abortion, abortion_
3. [Following the recent death of Savita Halappanavar the Irish government is to introduce legislation to clarify the Republic of Ireland's abortion laws, giving doctors clear guidelines on procedures where the mother's life is at risk. ](/news/2012/12/18/following-the-recent-death-of-savita-halappanavar-the-irish-government-is-to-introduce-legislation-to-clarify-the-republic-of-ireland-s-abor.md) _Context: Irish government, abortion, abortion scandal_
4. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: India, Ireland_
5. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
6. [European Parliament election, 2014:Voters in the European Union go to the polls for a multi-day European Parliamentary election. Voters in Ireland and  the Czech Republic vote today. ](/news/2014/05/23/european-parliament-election-2014-pvoters-in-the-european-union-go-to-the-polls-for-a-multi-day-european-parliamentary-election-voters-in.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
7. [The husband of Savita Halappanavar, the pregnant Indian woman at the centre of Ireland's latest abortion scandal, is reported to be "not in a condition" to respond after a report into her death is leaked to the public before he has a chance to even read it. ](/news/2013/02/14/the-husband-of-savita-halappanavar-the-pregnant-indian-woman-at-the-centre-of-ireland-s-latest-abortion-scandal-is-reported-to-be-not-in.md) _Context: India, abortion scandal_
8. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Ireland, abortion_
9. [Ireland's parliament approved a controversial budget package at the behest of the International Monetary Fund, aimed at shoring up Ireland's banks while getting the country's budget deficit within European Union limits. ](/news/2010/12/14/ireland-s-parliament-approved-a-controversial-budget-package-at-the-behest-of-the-international-monetary-fund-aimed-at-shoring-up-ireland-s.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
10. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: European Union, Irish government_
