### [2012-12-25](/news/2012/12/25/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Rebels take over the city of Harem in Idlib Governorate on the border with Turkey, about 55 kms west of Aleppo. 

The Pope calls for a political solution to the conflict in Syria during his Christmas message, delivered to thousands of pilgrims at the Vatican.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/12/2012122514403541461.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20841387)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/25/us-christmas-pope-idUSBRE8BN0M620121225)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/dec/25/pope-hope-syria-nigeria-speech)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obse.md) _Context: Aleppo, Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey's Anadolu Agency reports that 45 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants have been killed by a combination of Turkish Army shelling and a U.S. air strike north of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/05/14/syrian-civil-war-turkey-s-anadolu-agency-reports-that-45-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-have-been-killed-by-a-combination-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [Syrian civil war:. Syrian rebels capture Menagh Military Airbase in Aleppo near the Turkish border. ](/news/2013/08/6/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-capture-menagh-military-airbase-in-aleppo-near-the-turkish-border.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian civil war: An Armenian plane destined for the Syrian city of Aleppo is searched by Turkish authorities after being grounded in the east of the country. ](/news/2012/10/15/syrian-civil-war-an-armenian-plane-destined-for-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-is-searched-by-turkish-authorities-after-being-grounded-in-the-ea.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Syrian civil war:. An online video appears to claim that the Free Syrian Army moved its headquarters from Turkey to "liberated areas" inside Syria; Reuters says in Idlib or Aleppo. ](/news/2012/09/22/syrian-civil-war-an-online-video-appears-to-claim-that-the-free-syrian-army-moved-its-headquarters-from-turkey-to-liberated-areas-inside.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian civil war:. A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-a.md) _Context: Harem, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
