### [2016-03-12](/news/2016/03/12/index.md)

# A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. 

Palestinian boy and his sister killed in retaliatory airstrike by Israel


### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-gaza-airstrike-20160312-story.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-gaza-idUSKCN0WE09T)

### Related:

1. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinians_
4. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
5. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned. Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment. Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
10. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
