### [2016-03-12](/news/2016/03/12/index.md)

# Jaysh al-Nasr rebels say they have shot down a fighter jet over the Hama Governorate in western Syria. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed the shoot down, saying a rebel group had brought down the jet by firing two heat-seeking missiles. A pro-government source acknowledged that a MiG-21 warplane went down over Kafr Nabudah, but said it was due to "technical difficulties", denying it had been shot down.  

Rebels shot down a Syrian government warplane over western Syria on Saturday, rebels and a military source said, although there were conflicting accounts on whether it had been brought down by a missile or anti-aircraft guns. The Syrian military source said militants had targeted a warplane while it


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/12/syrian-government-calls-bashar-al-assad-a-red-line-in-peace-talks)
2. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/syria-rebels-shot-down-warplane-170059577.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now-465-000.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that 10 people have been killed in an air strike on a hospital in the town of Milis in Syria's Idlib province. ](/news/2016/08/6/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-10-people-have-been-killed-in-an-air-strike-on-a-hospital-in-the-town-of-milis-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Airstrikes reportedly kill at least 82 people, including 58 civilians, in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/26/airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-82-people-including-58-civilians-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-according-to-the-syrian-o.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-said-the-atta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-several-rebel-group.md) _Context: Hama Governorate, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
