### [2016-03-12](/news/2016/03/12/index.md)

# Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. 

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz took the Wyoming GOP caucuses by a wide margin Saturday night as Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won in Washington, DC. Cruz won 66 percent of the vote from the Cowboy State’s county c…


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/11/politics/northern-mariana-islands-guam-dc-wyoming-saturday-vote/)
2. [NBC News, New York Times'' via Breaking News](http://www.breakingnews.com/item/2016/03/13/hillary-clinton-wins-northern-mariana-islands-demo/)
3. [New York Post](http://nypost.com/2016/03/12/ted-cruz-wins-most-delegates-at-stake-in-wyoming/)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2016/mar/12/primary-caucus-live-results-wyoming-washington-dc-election-2016)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, presidential primaries_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Northern Mariana Islands, presidential primaries_
3. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
4. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
6. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
7. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
8. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2016: John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2016-john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016: Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.: The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
10. [United States elections, 2016: Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
