### [2016-03-12](/news/2016/03/12/index.md)

# The Brazilian Democratic Movement Party sets a deadline of 30 days to determine the status of its alliance with Dilma Rousseff's administration, including the option to leave the coalition. 

President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil could lose the support of the biggest party in her ruling coalition when the leadership of the Democratic Movement Party votes next month on its relationship with the government.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-12/rousseff-allies-to-vote-in-30-days-on-fate-of-brazil-coalition)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/s3/javelin/public/javelin/images/social-default-a4f15fa7ee.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-legal-request-has-been-filed-to-impeach-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-for-obstructing-justice-and-fiscal-accounting-tricks-the-secon.md) _Context: Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic-m.md) _Context: Brazilian Democratic Movement Party_
3. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
4. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
5. [President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61a20-in-the-senate-current-acting-president-michel-temer-will-ser.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
6. [The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
10. [The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-and-suspend-her-from-offi.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
