### [2005-04-27](/news/2005/04/27/index.md)

#  Cherif Bassiouni, former United Nations human rights envoy to Afghanistan, says he lost his job due to US pressure. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4491163.stm)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present) The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-pthe-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
2. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
3. [A suicide bomber attacks the United Nations compound in western Afghanistan based in Herat. ](/news/2010/10/23/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-united-nations-compound-in-western-afghanistan-based-in-herat.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
4. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations releases a report highlighting the deaths of civilians in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-nations-releases-a-report-highlighting-the-deaths-of-civilians-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
6. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
7. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/4/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-threatens-to-join-the-taliban-if-the-afghani-parliament-refuses-to-approve-his-proposal-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
8. [A United Nations survey reveals Afghans have paid about US$2.5 (or 1.5) billion in bribes in the last year. ](/news/2010/01/19/a-united-nations-survey-reveals-afghans-have-paid-about-us-2-5-or-ps1-5-billion-in-bribes-in-the-last-year.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
9. [ The United Nations is to pull non-essential staff out of Afghanistan after an increase in violence in the country. ](/news/2009/11/5/the-united-nations-is-to-pull-non-essential-staff-out-of-afghanistan-after-an-increase-in-violence-in-the-country.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
10. [ 12 people &ndash; including six United Nations staff &ndash; are killed after Taliban militants assault an international guesthouse in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2009/10/28/12-people-ndash-including-six-united-nations-staff-ndash-are-killed-after-taliban-militants-assault-an-international-guesthouse-in-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United Nations_
