### [2005-04-27](/news/2005/04/27/index.md)

#  Two Palestinians, both aged 15, are arrested in a checkpoint near Jenin after 11 explosive charges were found on them. One teenager told interrogators that he was recruited to act as a couriers by the Palestinian Islamic Jihad and the second by the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. 




### Source:

1. [AP photo](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/050427/481/jrl10704271338)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/569675.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A leader of Islamic Jihad is killed in a shoot-out following an Israeli raid into the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-leader-of-islamic-jihad-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-town-of-jeni.md) _Context: Jenin, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestini.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
3. [ Dana Galkowicz, an Israeli woman, 22, dies in the moshav of Netiv Ha'asara after Palestinian militants fire more than a dozen Qassam rockets. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades all claimed responsibility, though Israel primarily suspects Hamas ](/news/2005/07/14/dana-galkowicz-an-israeli-woman-22-dies-in-the-moshav-of-netiv-ha-asara-after-palestinian-militants-fire-more-than-a-dozen-qassam-rocket.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli security forces intercept a car bomb in the Araba village near Jenin.  The 200 kg explosive device, believed to have been the work of Palestinian Islamic Jihad, is later defused by IDF sappers. ](/news/2005/02/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-security-forces-intercept-a-car-bomb-in-the-araba-village-near-jenin-the-200-kg-explosive-device.md) _Context: Jenin, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Palestinians_
7. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Palestinians_
8. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Palestinians_
9. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Palestinians_
10. [A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-then-the-nearby-police-headquarters-in-jerusalem-ki.md) _Context: Palestinians_
