### [2009-12-7](/news/2009/12/7/index.md)

#  Incumbent Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party is declared the winner of the 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff over Republican Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. 




### Source:

1. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=95662&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [ Northern Mariana Islands gubernatorial election, 2009. In the Northern Mariana Islands' first ever runoff, incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party leads Republican Party Rep. Heinz Hofschneider by 501 votes. ](/news/2009/11/24/northern-mariana-islands-gubernatorial-election-2009-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-first-ever-runoff-incumbent-governor-benigno-fitia.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Benigno Fitial, Covenant Party, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Heinz Hofschneider, Northern Mariana Islands, Republican_
2. [ Northern Mariana Islands gubernatorial election, 2009. The Northern Mariana Islands election commission sets November 23 as the guberntorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/11/9/northern-mariana-islands-gubernatorial-election-2009-the-northern-mariana-islands-election-commission-sets-november-23-as-the-guberntoria.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Heinz Hofschneider, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [ Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands participate in the Commonwealth's first ever gubernatorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. Hofschneider had bested Fitial in the first round by just 8 votes on November 7, the closest gubernatorial election in history. ](/news/2009/11/23/voters-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-participate-in-the-commonwealth-s-first-ever-gubernatorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Heinz Hofschneider, Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [ Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009 results are released. Republican Party candidate Heinz Hofschneider and incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial virtually tie in the closest gubernatorial election in history. A runoff election will be held in the next 14 days to determine the winner. ](/news/2009/11/8/northern-mariana-islands-general-election-2009-results-are-released-republican-party-candidate-heinz-hofschneider-and-incumbent-governor.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Heinz Hofschneider_
5. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Northern Mariana Islands_
7. [A resolution of impeachment against Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial is defeated in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives with 9 votes in favor of impeachment, 10 against; 14 were required. ](/news/2012/10/17/a-resolution-of-impeachment-against-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-is-defeated-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-re.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial and Guam Governor Eddie Calvo state that they are in serious talks to potentially merge the U.S. territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2011/07/19/northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-and-guam-governor-eddie-calvo-state-that-they-are-in-serious-talks-to-potentially-merge-the.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
9. [An undersea volcano erupts near Sarigan, Northern Mariana Islands, sending an eruption cloud 40,000 feet into the atmosphere, prompting Governor Benigno Fitial to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2010/05/31/an-undersea-volcano-erupts-near-sarigan-northern-mariana-islands-sending-an-eruption-cloud-40-000-feet-into-the-atmosphere-prompting-gove.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
10. [ Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands go to the polls to elect the governor, legislature and local municipal offices. ](/news/2009/11/7/voters-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-governor-legislature-and-local-municipal-offices.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands_
