### [2009-12-7](/news/2009/12/7/index.md)

#  President of Guinea Moussa Dadis Camara is reportedly unable to communicate following surgery due to an assassination attempt. 




### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20091207-guinea-wounded-junta-leader-camara-unable-communicate-coup-attempt?autoplay=)

### Related:

1. [ Captain Moussa Dadis Camara who seized power in a military coup in Guinea, refuses to rule out standing for President, after previously promising not to. ](/news/2009/08/24/captain-moussa-dadis-camara-who-seized-power-in-a-military-coup-in-guinea-refuses-to-rule-out-standing-for-president-after-previously-pro.md) _Context: Moussa Dadis Camara, President of Guinea_
2. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
3. [War in Afghanistan. The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
4. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: assassinated_
5. [Mexican Drug War. Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/mexican-drug-war-two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination.md) _Context: assassinated_
6. [Guinean presidential election, 2015. The Guinea electoral commission reports that the President of Guinea Alpha Conde has won the election with 58 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2015/10/17/guinean-presidential-election-2015-the-guinea-electoral-commission-reports-that-the-president-of-guinea-alpha-conde-has-won-the-election-w.md) _Context: President of Guinea_
7. [Guinean presidential election, 2015. Millions of Guineans vote peacefully in the West African country's second free election since gaining independence from France nearly 60 years ago. Ballot counting started; the provisional outcome is not expected until the end of this week, an official said. Incumbent President Alpha Conde is expected to win reelection. ](/news/2015/10/11/guinean-presidential-election-2015-millions-of-guineans-vote-peacefully-in-the-west-african-country-s-second-free-election-since-gaining-i.md) _Context: President of Guinea_
8. [2015 Burundian unrest. Burundi's army chief General Prime Niyongabo survives an assassination attempt after armed men attacked his motorcade on a busy road in the capital, Bujumbura. Six people are killed in the attack. ](/news/2015/09/11/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-chief-general-prime-niyongabo-survives-an-assassination-attempt-after-armed-men-attacked-his-motorcade.md) _Context: assassinated_
9. [An Idaho man, Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, is charged with the attempted assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama, after two bullets are found embedded in the exterior of the White House. The President and First Lady were not present at the time of the alleged attack. ](/news/2011/11/17/an-idaho-man-oscar-ramiro-ortega-hernandez-is-charged-with-the-attempted-assassination-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-after-two-bullets-a.md) _Context: assassinated_
10. [Authorities in South Korea arrest a North Korean citizen for an alleged assassination attempt against Park Sang-hak, a noted defector and activist. ](/news/2011/09/16/authorities-in-south-korea-arrest-a-north-korean-citizen-for-an-alleged-assassination-attempt-against-park-sang-hak-a-noted-defector-and-ac.md) _Context: assassinated_
