### [2009-12-7](/news/2009/12/7/index.md)

#  The United Nations Climate Change Conference opens in Copenhagen. 




### Source:

1. [Bernama](http://www.bernama.com/bernama/v5/newsworld.php?id=460656)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/12/06/copenhagen.climate.talks/index.html)
3. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/climate-conference-opens-in-copenhagen/551031/0)
4. [Times LIVE](http://www.timeslive.co.za/scitech/article223424.ece)

### Related:

1. [ Thirty world leaders present in Copenhagen for the United Nations Conference on Climate Change agree on a draft accord. ](/news/2009/12/18/thirty-world-leaders-present-in-copenhagen-for-the-united-nations-conference-on-climate-change-agree-on-a-draft-accord.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change, Copenhagen, United Nations_
2. [ Danish police arrest 200 protesters heading for Copenhagen harbour, on the second day of demonstrations at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/13/danish-police-arrest-200-protesters-heading-for-copenhagen-harbour-on-the-second-day-of-demonstrations-at-the-united-nations-climate-chang.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change, Copenhagen, United Nations_
3. [ Police in Denmark detain 900 people after thousands gather in Copenhagen to demand more action on climate change and global warming by leaders at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/12/police-in-denmark-detain-900-people-after-thousands-gather-in-copenhagen-to-demand-more-action-on-climate-change-and-global-warming-by-lead.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change, Copenhagen, United Nations_
4. [ The Group of 77 (including China, India, UAE, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia) suspends participation in treaty negotiations at the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference, citing the unwillingness of developed nations to live up to the Kyoto Protocol and what they view as a lack of open negotiations. ](/news/2009/12/14/the-group-of-77-including-china-india-uae-qatar-and-saudi-arabia-suspends-participation-in-treaty-negotiations-at-the-copenhagen-clim.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change, Copenhagen_
5. [ China unveils its first firm target to cut greenhouse gas emissions, ahead of a United Nations summit in Copenhagen next month. ](/news/2009/11/26/china-unveils-its-first-firm-target-to-cut-greenhouse-gas-emissions-ahead-of-a-united-nations-summit-in-copenhagen-next-month.md) _Context: Copenhagen, United Nations_
6. [Philippines senator Leila de Lima requests the foreign affairs department to invite the United Nations for an investigation on alleged human rights violations in Marawi. ](/news/2017/08/6/philippines-senator-leila-de-lima-requests-the-foreign-affairs-department-to-invite-the-united-nations-for-an-investigation-on-alleged-human.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
