### [2012-08-20](/news/2012/08/20/index.md)

# In a case before the Supreme Court, the Indian Patent Office and pharmaceutical giant Novartis will present final arguments this week concerning the right to make and sell patented medicine. 




### Source:

1. [Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/india/news/showdown-for-big-pharma-in-supreme-court-this-week/483898/)

### Related:

1. [India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. ](/news/2013/04/1/india-s-supreme-court-rejects-a-plea-by-novartis-to-patent-an-updated-version-of-its-cancer-drug-glivec-imatinib-amid-concerns-that-a-pa.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court, Novartis, generic_
2. [The Indian Supreme Court orders all cinemas must play the national anthem, and the audience must stand  during its performance, before a film is screened. Order is effective in 10 days. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-indian-supreme-court-orders-all-cinemas-must-play-the-national-anthem-and-the-audience-must-stand-during-its-performance-before-a-fil.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
3. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
4. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
5. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers' access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: generic_
6. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: generic_
7. [A panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India recommends that two Indian Premier League cricket teams, the Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals be suspended for two years due to a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/14/a-panel-appointed-by-the-supreme-court-of-india-recommends-that-two-indian-premier-league-cricket-teams-the-chennai-super-kings-and-rajasth.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
8. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves the country's first biosimilar drug, Zarxio (Europe: 2009, as Zarzio), made by Novartis. Biosimilars are a relatively new class of drugs designed to pave the way for less expensive versions of the complex biologics drug class, and they are not synthesized from chemicals like other drugs, but are made from living cells. Some well known biologics include Remicade and Enbrel for autoimmune diseases, and Herceptin and Avastin for cancer. Zarxio, used to prevent infection in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy, is a close copy of Neupogen, made by Amgen. ](/news/2015/03/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-the-country-s-first-biosimilar-drug-zarxio-europe-2009-as-zarzio-made-by-novartis.md) _Context: Novartis_
9. [In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of India recognizes transgender as a "third gender". ](/news/2014/04/15/in-a-landmark-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-india-recognizes-transgender-as-a-third-gender.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
10. [LGBT rights in India:The Supreme Court of India upholds the primacy of Section 377 of the Indian penal code banning homosexual activities. ](/news/2013/12/11/lgbt-rights-in-india-pthe-supreme-court-of-india-upholds-the-primacy-of-section-377-of-the-indian-penal-code-banning-homosexual-activities.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
