### [2012-08-20](/news/2012/08/20/index.md)

# United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, says "legitimate rape" would lead to pregnancy only in "really rare" cases. In a follow-up statement, he says that he "clearly misspoke" and that he holds a "deep empathy" for the "thousands of women who are raped each year". He stirs a US-wide controversy over the issue of abortion. 

ST. LOUIS, MO ( KTVI) -U.S. Rep. Todd Akin says he misspoke when making a comment about rape and abortion during the taping of The Jaco Report on FOX 2. That remark made national headlines and sparked responses from both Akin’s opponent, Sen. Claire McCaskill and presidential hopeful Mitt Romney.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/opinion/opinion-la/la-ol-akin-abortion-rape-20120820,0,1076162.story)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2012/08/19/159273876/missouri-gop-senate-candidates-remarks-on-rape-stir-controversy)
3. [Fox News](http://fox2now.com/2012/08/19/the-jaco-report-august-19-2012)

### Related:

1. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, vows to continue as the US-wide fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments rages on. ](/news/2012/08/21/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-vows-to-continue-as-the-us-wide-fall-out-over-his.md) _Context: Todd Akin, U.S. Congress, United States Senate, fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments_
2. [The United States Senate unanimously passes a bill to combat human trafficking after a long delay caused by a dispute over abortion funding. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-united-states-senate-unanimously-passes-a-bill-to-combat-human-trafficking-after-a-long-delay-caused-by-a-dispute-over-abortion-funding.md) _Context: United States Senate, abortion_
3. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: U.S. Congress, United States Senate_
4. [ Senator and President ''pro tempore'' of the United States Senate Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia becomes the longest serving member in the history of the United States Congress. ](/news/2009/11/18/senator-and-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-robert-c-byrd-of-west-virginia-becomes-the-longest-serving-member-in-the.md) _Context: U.S. Congress, United States Senate_
5. [ The Interstate Abortion Bill is passed by the United States Senate. The bill would make it illegal for non-parents to take a minor to another state to obtain an abortion without parental consent. ](/news/2006/07/25/the-interstate-abortion-bill-is-passed-by-the-united-states-senate-the-bill-would-make-it-illegal-for-non-parents-to-take-a-minor-to-anoth.md) _Context: United States Senate, abortion_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Senate_
