### [2012-08-20](/news/2012/08/20/index.md)

# War on Terror:Afghanistan: John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces that the Government will withdraw forces from Afghanistan early in 2013. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/new-zealand-announces-earlier-exit-from-afghanistan-pm-says-not-prompted-by-recent-deaths/2012/08/19/bb3348c4-ea72-11e1-866f-60a00f604425_story.html?wprss=rss_social-world-headlines)
2. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2012/08/20/233225.html)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of New Zealand John Key announces that a second New Zealand Special Air Service soldier has died in fighting in Afghanistan. ](/news/2011/09/28/the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-john-key-announces-that-a-second-new-zealand-special-air-service-soldier-has-died-in-fighting-in-afghanist.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, John Key, Prime Minister_
2. [Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-majority-of-members-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-to.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
3. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
4. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji,  the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions.  ](/news/2016/06/9/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup-d-a-c-tat-key-is-hoping-to-imp.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
5. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key settles a defamation case with freelance cameraman Bradley Ambrose, acknowledging comments he made about the man caused him professional and personal harm. ](/news/2016/03/21/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-settles-a-defamation-case-with-freelance-cameraman-bradley-ambrose-acknowledging-comments-he-made-about.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
6. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says  his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-d.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
7. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), War on Terror_
9. [John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces plans to deploy up to 143 New Zealand Defence Force personnel to Iraq on a training mission to last no more than two years. ](/news/2015/02/24/john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-plans-to-deploy-up-to-143-new-zealand-defence-force-personnel-to-iraq-on-a-training-m.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
10. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomb kills at least nine, including two policemen, at a funeral for a tribal elder in Baghlan Province, northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/12/1/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-nine-including-two-policemen-at-a-funeral-for-a-tribal-elder-in-baghlan-province-northe.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
