### [2008-03-13](/news/2008/03/13/index.md)

#  Turkish prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya asks the Constitutional Court of Turkey to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party for anti-secular activities. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7297390.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya, Turkey, ruling party_
2. [ Turkey: Turkish Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has won the Turkish general election. The AK Party campaigned on economic and social issues, and downplayed its Islamist origins. The AK Party's chairman Recep Tayyip Erdogan is banned from holding political office, so someone else will become Turkish Prime Minister. Opponents of the AK Party have expressed concerns that the AK Party's victory may threaten the secular nature of the Turkish state.](/news/2002/11/4/turkey-turkish-justice-and-development-party-ak-party-has-won-the-turkish-general-election-the-ak-party-campaigned-on-economic-and-soci.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party, secular_
3. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
4. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
5. [Following yesterday's Constitutional Court of Turkey ruling that their rights had been violated, two Turkish journalists, jailed on terrorism charges, are released after 92 days in prison. ](/news/2016/02/26/following-yesterday-s-constitutional-court-of-turkey-ruling-that-their-rights-had-been-violated-two-turkish-journalists-jailed-on-terroris.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Turkey, Turkey_
6. [Censorship in Turkey: Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said -We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists- seats-just like junta periods, this is called a police state-. ](/news/2015/10/28/censorship-in-turkey-turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-ju.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
7. [Turkish general election, June 2015: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a general election with the ruling AKP seeking enough votes to enable them to change the constitution. However, early projections show that they will lose their majority in the new parliament. ](/news/2015/06/7/turkish-general-election-june-2015-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ruling-akp-seeking-enough-votes-to-ena.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
8. [Turkish local elections, 2014:: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory. ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
9. [ Violence erupts in Turkey after the Constitutional Court of Turkey bans the Democratic Society Party over its alleged terrorist links. ](/news/2009/12/13/violence-erupts-in-turkey-after-the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-bans-the-democratic-society-party-over-its-alleged-terrorist-links.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Turkey, Turkey_
10. [ Turkey's Constitutional Court reinstates a ban on the hijab in universities, citing the constitution's secular principles. ](/news/2008/06/5/turkey-s-constitutional-court-reinstates-a-ban-on-the-hijab-in-universities-citing-the-constitution-s-secular-principles.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Turkey, Turkey_
