### [2017-09-27](/news/2017/09/27/index.md)

#  California moves its 2020 presidential primary to March 3, making it fifth in the nominating process after Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. The 2016 primary was held on June 7. 

California will move its presidential primary from June to March under a bill signed on Wednesday by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, a change aimed at giving the liberal-leaning state more influence in choosing candidates from either national party.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-california-moves-its-2020-presidential-1506545303-htmlstory.html)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-california-politics/california-moves-presidential-primary-for-bigger-say-in-candidate-choice-idUSKCN1C23A5)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170927&t=2&i=1203244531&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8Q1UZ)

### Related:

1. [California passes a bill that will move the primaries to March near Super Tuesday. ](/news/2017/09/16/california-passes-a-bill-that-will-move-the-primaries-to-march-near-super-tuesday.md) _Context: California, United States presidential primary_
2. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
3. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
4. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
5. [Former NFL player Darren Sharper pleads guilty in a Maricopa County, Arizona courtroom to raping two women after spiking their drinks at a Tempe apartment in November 2013, and the court sentences him to nine years in prison. Sharper has also been indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women in the U.S. states of California, Louisiana, and Nevada. ](/news/2015/03/23/former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-pleads-guilty-in-a-maricopa-county-arizona-courtroom-to-raping-two-women-after-spiking-their-drinks-at-a-t.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
6. [Republican and LGBT rights campaigner Fred Karger launches a campaign in the U.S. states of Iowa and New Hampshire aiming to become President of the United States. ](/news/2011/02/13/republican-and-lgbt-rights-campaigner-fred-karger-launches-a-campaign-in-the-u-s-states-of-iowa-and-new-hampshire-aiming-to-become-presiden.md) _Context: Iowa, New Hampshire_
7. [ A 5.4 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Los Angeles, California, area, about two miles (3 km) southwest of Chino Hills. The earthquake is felt from Los Angeles to San Diego and more slightly in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2008/07/29/a-5-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-los-angeles-california-area-about-two-miles-3-km-southwest-of-chino-hills-the-earthquake-is.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
8. [ Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-the-republican-and-democratic-parties-former.md) _Context: Nevada, South Carolina_
9. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States presidential primary_
10. [Nevada prison authorities release O. J. Simpson on parole after serving nine years for a Las Vegas armed robbery. ](/news/2017/10/1/nevada-prison-authorities-release-o-j-simpson-on-parole-after-serving-nine-years-for-a-las-vegas-armed-robbery.md) _Context: Nevada_
