### [2017-09-27](/news/2017/09/27/index.md)

#  Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-tech/facebook-google-twitter-asked-to-testify-on-russian-meddling-idUSKCN1C234Q)
1. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170928&t=2&i=1203253292&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8R01I)

### Related:

1. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, Twitter_
2. [After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/after-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-access-and-sms-networks-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, Twitter_
3. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
4. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections , Senate Intelligence Committee_
5. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
6. [Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/23/former-cia-director-john-brennan-tells-the-house-intelligence-committee-he-knew-of-contacts-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
7. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections , Senate Intelligence Committee_
8. [United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes recuses himself from the committee's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election; Rep. Mike Conaway will take the lead in this investigation. ](/news/2017/04/6/united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-chairman-rep-devin-nunes-recuses-himself-from-the-committeeas-probe-into-r.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
9. [The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing-about-russian-interference-in-the-2016-election-and-confi.md) _Context: House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
10. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
