### [2017-09-27](/news/2017/09/27/index.md)

# The United States Department of Homeland Security will not waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (or "Jones Act") in response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico. 

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) has urged Trump officials to rethink the decision.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/352597-us-wont-waive-shipping-restrictions-for-puerto-rico-relief)
1. [Cover Image](http://thehill.com/sites/default/files/puertorico_092217getty_lead.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
2. [Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. ](/news/2017/09/22/tens-of-thousands-of-people-in-northern-puerto-rico-are-ordered-to-evacuate-after-floodwaters-from-hurricane-maria-damage-the-guajataca-dam.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
3. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
4. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
5. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
7. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-of-all-immigrants-including-green-card-hold.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
8. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria_
9. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria_
10. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria_
