### [2017-09-27](/news/2017/09/27/index.md)

# The Republic of Ireland announces a referendum on abortion will be held between May and June 2018. 

Ireland is to hold a referendum on abortion in 2018, it has been announced. A decision on the eighth amendment, which gives equal right to life to the unborn, will take place in May or June next year, according to Prime Minister Leo Varadkar’s government. The public will then decide if abortion should be legalised “in almost all cases”.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ireland-abortion-referendum-2018-next-year-republic-pro-life-choice-legalise-latest-a7968256.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2017/09/26/15/ireland-eu.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The secretive Opus Dei sect is mobilising within the Irish professions to interfere with abortion law reform, according to Senator John Crown. ](/news/2013/03/12/the-secretive-opus-dei-sect-is-mobilising-within-the-irish-professions-to-interfere-with-abortion-law-reform-according-to-senator-john-crow.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
2. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, abortion_
3. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, abortion_
4. [Following the recent death of Savita Halappanavar the Irish government is to introduce legislation to clarify the Republic of Ireland's abortion laws, giving doctors clear guidelines on procedures where the mother's life is at risk. ](/news/2012/12/18/following-the-recent-death-of-savita-halappanavar-the-irish-government-is-to-introduce-legislation-to-clarify-the-republic-of-ireland-s-abor.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
5. [President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins calls for an investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar to meet the needs of a "concerned public" as Savita's husband Praveen continues his battle against Ireland's government and the Health Service Executive (HSE) to hold a sworn, public inquiry into her death, which he believes occurred due to her being denied an abortion. ](/news/2012/11/21/president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-calls-for-an-investigation-into-the-death-of-savita-halappanavar-to-meet-the-needs-of-a-concerned-p.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, abortion_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Ireland's ban on abortion in life-threatening cases is illegal. ](/news/2010/12/16/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-ireland-s-ban-on-abortion-in-life-threatening-cases-is-illegal.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, abortion_
7. [ A legal challenge to Ireland's abortion laws takes place at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg. ](/news/2009/12/9/a-legal-challenge-to-ireland-s-abortion-laws-takes-place-at-the-european-court-of-human-rights-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Republic of Ireland_
8. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conservative-country-s-sta.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
