### [2005-03-9](/news/2005/03/9/index.md)

#  Akhmed Zakayev, envoy of the killed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, states that Maskhadov's death does not end resistance to Russian rule and that his successor would be chosen in a couple of days 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4331527.stm)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000087&sid=azMS_2h05NLY&refer=top_world_news)

### Related:

1. [ Russian armed forces claim that Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov has been killed in a special forces operation. ](/news/2005/03/8/russian-armed-forces-claim-that-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-has-been-killed-in-a-special-forces-operation.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
2. [ Russia announces that it will pay US$10 m to the people who betrayed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, who was killed by Russian special forces. ](/news/2005/03/16/russia-announces-that-it-will-pay-us-10-m-to-the-people-who-betrayed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-who-was-killed-by-russian-s.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
3. [ Conflict in Russia (Chechnya): Russian President Vladimir Putin's government offers 300 million rubles (USD 10 million) for information leading to the arrest of Chechen rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov. Maskhadov was the last democratically elected leader of Chechnya. ](/news/2004/09/8/conflict-in-russia-chechnya-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-government-offers-300-million-rubles-usd-10-million-for-information-lea.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
4. [ Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3620498.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3621418.stm 2])](/news/2004/09/2/beslan-school-hostage-crisis-armed-men-and-women-continue-to-hold-over-1-300-adults-and-children-hostage-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
5. [ A British court rejects a request by the Russian government for extradition of Akhmed Zakayev, an envoy of the Chechen rebels, who is accused of being a terrorist and having committed a number of crimes including kidnapping, murdering Russian soldiers, and levying war. The request was denied on the grounds that Mr. Zakayev was considered likely to be tortured if he was extradited, which would make such deportation illegal under article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights. The prosecution's evidence was described as a "farce" by one BBC reporter, and reminiscent of Soviet-era show trials.](/news/2003/11/13/a-british-court-rejects-a-request-by-the-russian-government-for-extradition-of-akhmed-zakayev-an-envoy-of-the-chechen-rebels-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Akhmed Zakayev, Chechnya_
6. [ A truck bomb destroys a military hospital in Mozdok in Southern Russia, near Chechnya, killing 41 and wounding at least 76. The Russian government blames the attack on Chechen separatists. A media spokesman for rebel political leader, Aslan Maskhadov, denied any connection with the incident.](/news/2003/08/1/a-truck-bomb-destroys-a-military-hospital-in-mozdok-in-southern-russia-near-chechnya-killing-41-and-wounding-at-least-76-the-russian-gov.md) _Context: Aslan Maskhadov, Chechnya_
7. [ The Chechen separatist Akhmed Zakayev has returned to London, where he is expected to seek asylum. He was arrested but released soon afterwards on bail paid by Vanessa Redgrave.](/news/2002/12/6/the-chechen-separatist-akhmed-zakayev-has-returned-to-london-where-he-is-expected-to-seek-asylum-he-was-arrested-but-released-soon-afterw.md) _Context: Akhmed Zakayev, Chechnya_
8. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
