### [2005-03-9](/news/2005/03/9/index.md)

#  Ramush Haradinaj, the former prime minister of Kosovo, flies to International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague to answer for charges for his role as a former commander of Kosovo Liberation Army in 1998-1999. He goes there voluntarily. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4331457.stm)
2. [OneWorld](http://see.oneworld.net/article/view/104400/1/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7849762)
3. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague orders the retrial of former Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj after stating his first trial was marred by witness intimidation. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-orders-the-retrial-of-former-kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo, Ramush Haradinaj, The Hague_
2. [ Ramush Haradinaj, the former Prime Minister of Kosovo, goes on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia at The Hague for war crimes allegedly committed while he was a regional leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army. ](/news/2007/03/5/ramush-haradinaj-the-former-prime-minister-of-kosovo-goes-on-trial-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-at-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj, The Hague_
3. [ Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj reports that he has been charged with war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and resigns. He will travel to The Hague of his own volition, although he maintains his innocence. ](/news/2005/03/8/kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradinaj-reports-that-he-has-been-charged-with-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo, Ramush Haradinaj, The Hague_
4. [ Former commander of the rebel Kosovo Liberation Army during the 1998-99 war Ramush Haradinaj is acquitted of war crimes charges by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. (AP via "The International Herald Tribune")](/news/2008/04/4/former-commander-of-the-rebel-kosovo-liberation-army-during-the-1998a99-war-ramush-haradinaj-is-acquitted-of-war-crimes-charges-by-the-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
5. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands indicts Slobodan Milosevic and four others for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Kosovo.](/news/1999/05/27/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-netherlands-indicts-slobodan-miloa-evia-and-four-others-for-wa.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo, The Hague_
6. [A special court is set up at The Hague to try Kosovo Liberation Army suspects for alleged war crimes against ethnic minorities and political opponents. ](/news/2016/01/15/a-special-court-is-set-up-at-the-hague-to-try-kosovo-liberation-army-suspects-for-alleged-war-crimes-against-ethnic-minorities-and-political.md) _Context: Kosovo Liberation Army, The Hague_
7. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
8. [A UN war crimes tribunal acquits former Kosovan Prime Minister and former commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army Ramush Haradinaj of war crimes, prompting Serbia to denounce the court. ](/news/2012/11/29/a-un-war-crimes-tribunal-acquits-former-kosovan-prime-minister-and-former-commander-of-the-kosovo-liberation-army-ramush-haradinaj-of-war-cr.md) _Context: Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
9. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
10. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
