### [2006-07-5](/news/2006/07/5/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. 

Security forces nab terrorist, foil large-scale attack after deploying in great numbers across Samaria area. Meanwhile, IDF forces kill Fatah operative in Jericho 


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://reuters.myway.com/article/20060705/2006-07-05T111648Z_01_L04812837_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.html)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsarticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-07-05T070405Z_01_L05801663_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-CAPTIVE-BUNKER.xml&src=rss&rpc=22)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3271470,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlie.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
