### [2006-07-5](/news/2006/07/5/index.md)

#  Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. 

Security forces nab terrorist, foil large-scale attack after deploying in great numbers across Samaria area. Meanwhile, IDF forces kill Fatah operative in Jericho 


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://reuters.myway.com/article/20060705/2006-07-05T111648Z_01_L04812837_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.html)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsarticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-07-05T070405Z_01_L05801663_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-CAPTIVE-BUNKER.xml&src=rss&rpc=22)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3271470,00.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadliest-day-since-israel-launched-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gaza, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel. ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gaza, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Hamas leader Khaled Mashal says Hamas plans to kidnap more IDF soldiers and increase the price for captive soldier Gilad Shalit if Israel does not meet its demands for a prisoner swap. ](/news/2010/06/28/hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-says-hamas-plans-to-kidnap-more-idf-soldiers-and-increase-the-price-for-captive-soldier-gilad-shalit-if-israel-do.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-marked-in-israel-the-united-states-and-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
