### [2005-04-24](/news/2005/04/24/index.md)

#  Forty Pakistani Christians are arrested in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for practicing their religion in violation of a Saudi law forbidding the practice of any religion but Islam. 




### Source:

1. [Christian Today](http://www.christiantoday.com/news/meast/289.htm)

### Related:

1. [Islamic Military Alliance: Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country-s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia-s military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/islamic-military-alliance-pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Pakistan, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Aasia Bibi, a Christian woman sentenced to death in Pakistan on charges of blasphemy against Islam, appeals to President Asif Ali Zardari to pardon her. ](/news/2010/11/21/aasia-bibi-a-christian-woman-sentenced-to-death-in-pakistan-on-charges-of-blasphemy-against-islam-appeals-to-president-asif-ali-zardari-to.md) _Context: Christian, Islam, Pakistan_
4. [Pope Benedict XVI urges Pakistani authorities to release Aasia Bibi, a Christian woman facing a death sentence on a charge of blasphemy against Islam. ](/news/2010/11/20/pope-benedict-xvi-urges-pakistani-authorities-to-release-aasia-bibi-a-christian-woman-facing-a-death-sentence-on-a-charge-of-blasphemy-agai.md) _Context: Christian, Islam, Pakistan_
5. [A Pakistani Christian dies after being burned alive for refusing a conversion to Islam. ](/news/2010/03/22/a-pakistani-christian-dies-after-being-burned-alive-for-refusing-a-conversion-to-islam.md) _Context: Christian, Islam, Pakistan_
6. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations: Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-civil-war-syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framewo.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
9. [2015 military intervention in Yemen: Pakistan sends a Boeing 747 to evacuate Pakistani nationals concerned about their security. The plane will be allowed into the country despite the no-fly zone declared by Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/03/29/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-pakistan-sends-a-boeing-747-to-evacuate-pakistani-nationals-concerned-about-their-security-the-plane-w.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Drone attacks in Pakistan:: Pakistani officials claim that an American drone strike on an Islamic seminary has killed six people, including two Afghan Taliban leaders and a leader of the Haqqani network. ](/news/2013/11/21/drone-attacks-in-pakistan-pakistani-officials-claim-that-an-american-drone-strike-on-an-islamic-seminary-has-killed-six-people-including.md) _Context: Islam, Pakistan_
