### [2005-04-24](/news/2005/04/24/index.md)

#  Soyuz TMA-5: A Russian Soyuz spacecraft lands in Kazakhstan, bringing 3 astronauts, Russian Salizhan Sharipov, Chinese American Leroy Chiao and Italian Roberto Vittori, safely back to Earth from the International Space Station. 

From newly charted astronomical anomalies at the far reaches of the universe to the rise of nanotechnology, nobody covers science and the latest discoveries like Reuters.com.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=scienceNews&storyID=8274891)

### Related:

1. [Soyuz TMA-16M. Soyuz TMA-16M launches carrying three crew members to the International Space Station. Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko and American astronaut Scott Kelly begin a special year-long mission to test the effects of long-term habitation on the human body under conditions of micro gravity and radiation. ](/news/2015/03/27/soyuz-tma-16m-soyuz-tma-16m-launches-carrying-three-crew-members-to-the-international-space-station-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-a.md) _Context: International Space Station, Russian, Soyuz, astronaut_
2. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan, Soyuz_
3. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan, astronaut_
4. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: International Space Station, astronaut_
5. [ISS year long mission. U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko return to Earth after 340 days aboard the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2016/03/1/iss-year-long-mission-u-s-astronaut-scott-kelly-and-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-return-to-earth-after-340-days-aboard-the-interna.md) _Context: Earth, International Space Station_
6. [Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka's return from the ISS on Saturday sets a new record for time in space, breaking the one fellow countryman Sergei Krikalev set in 2005. Padalka totaled 879 days in space (2.41 years) over five flights. ](/news/2015/09/13/russian-cosmonaut-gennady-padalka-s-return-from-the-iss-on-saturday-sets-a-new-record-for-time-in-space-breaking-the-one-fellow-countryman.md) _Context: International Space Station, astronaut_
7. [Soyuz TMA-08M: A Soyuz spacecraft docks with the International Space Station after being in orbit for less than six hours, setting a record, in a test conducted to reduce the time crew members have to spend in the ferry craft. ](/news/2013/03/29/soyuz-tma-08m-a-soyuz-spacecraft-docks-with-the-international-space-station-after-being-in-orbit-for-less-than-six-hours-setting-a-record.md) _Context: International Space Station, Soyuz_
8. [Soyuz TMA-06M: Three astronauts return safely to Earth from the International Space Station aboard a Russian capsule. ](/news/2013/03/16/soyuz-tma-06m-three-astronauts-return-safely-to-earth-from-the-international-space-station-aboard-a-russian-capsule.md) _Context: Earth, International Space Station_
9. [The SpaceX Dragon capsule on a re-supply mission to the International Space Station returns to Earth. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-spacex-dragon-capsule-on-a-re-supply-mission-to-the-international-space-station-returns-to-earth.md) _Context: Earth, International Space Station_
10. [Three astronauts, Sunita Williams of the United States, Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Aki Hoshide of Japan, arrive at the International Space Station for a three month visit. ](/news/2012/07/17/three-astronauts-sunita-williams-of-the-united-states-yuri-malenchenko-of-russia-and-aki-hoshide-of-japan-arrive-at-the-international-spa.md) _Context: International Space Station, astronaut_
