### [2012-02-23](/news/2012/02/23/index.md)

# Wikileaks suspect United States Army Private Bradley Manning is formally charged ahead of a court martial. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/-/world/12998808/wikileaks-suspect-manning-formally-charged/)

### Related:

1. [In ''United States v. Bradley Manning'', Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges.  ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-informati.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
2. [''United States v. Bradley Manning'':The trial of U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks continues in Fort Meade, Maryland. Former computer hacker Adrian Lamo, who turned Manning in to his persecutors, gives evidence at the court martial. ](/news/2013/06/4/united-states-v-bradley-manning-pthe-trial-of-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-continues-in.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
3. [The trial of United States Army private Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks begins in Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2013/06/3/the-trial-of-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-begins-in-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
4. [Major General Michael Linnington orders a court martial for US Private Bradley Manning responsible for leaking hundreds of thousands of documents to Wikileaks. ](/news/2012/02/3/major-general-michael-linnington-orders-a-court-martial-for-us-private-bradley-manning-responsible-for-leaking-hundreds-of-thousands-of-docu.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks, court-martial_
5. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
6. [WikiLeaks:The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-pthe-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-brad.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
7. [U.S. Army officials set August 8 as the start date for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl's court-martial.  Bergdahl, charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, was held captive by the Taliban for five years after he left his base in Afghanistan.  A pre-trial hearing is scheduled for early this week. ](/news/2016/01/10/u-s-army-officials-set-august-8-as-the-start-date-for-sgt-bowe-bergdahlas-court-martial-bergdahl-charged-with-desertion-and-misbehavi.md) _Context: United States soldiers, court-martial_
8. [United States Army sergeant Bowe Bergdahl will face a court martial on charges of misbehavior before the enemy and desertion related to his capture by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani network in Afghanistan in June 2009. ](/news/2015/12/14/united-states-army-sergeant-bowe-bergdahl-will-face-a-court-martial-on-charges-of-misbehavior-before-the-enemy-and-desertion-related-to-his.md) _Context: United States soldiers, court-martial_
9. [''United States v Bradley Manning'': United States Army private Chelsea Manning (legally Bradley Manning) is sentenced to 35 years in jail for providing classified material to WikiLeaks. ](/news/2013/08/21/united-states-v-bradley-manning-united-states-army-private-chelsea-manning-legally-bradley-manning-is-sentenced-to-35-years-in-jail-f.md) _Context: United States soldiers, WikiLeaks_
10. [''United States v. Bradley Manning'':The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/united-states-v-bradley-manning-pthe-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikilea.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
