### [2011-04-17](/news/2011/04/17/index.md)

# The Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei refuses to accept the resignation of Intelligence Chief Heyder Moslehi. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gpvKw4xcZuEAQf71YNkhdvdBmHiw?docId=CNG.eb63d08c46fc03277ee2b129a6b13866.891)

### Related:

1. [The Iranian Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, publicly accuses President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of being "under a spell", amid a deepening political crisis in the country. ](/news/2011/05/15/the-iranian-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-publicly-accuses-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-of-being-under-a-spell-amid-a-deepenin.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Supreme Leader of Iran_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to end a boycott of official duties, amid an apparent rift with the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ](/news/2011/05/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-is-to-end-a-boycott-of-official-duties-amid-an-apparent-rift-with-the-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-kh.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Supreme Leader of Iran_
3. [ Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns that Iran will pursue nuclear development outside regulations if the United Nations Security Council imposes sanctions. ](/news/2007/03/21/supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-pursue-nuclear-development-outside-regulations-if-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Supreme Leader of Iran_
4. [ Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, urges the Council of Guardians to review applications of two reformist candidates, Mostafa Moin of the Islamic Iran Participation Front and Vice President Mohsen Mehralizadeh, after the council qualified only six candidates to the country's presidential election. Opposition groups threaten to boycott the elections and students of Tehran University protest against the disqualification of Moin. ](/news/2005/05/23/supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-urges-the-council-of-guardians-to-review-applications-of-two-reformist-candidates-mostafa.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Supreme Leader of Iran_
5. [Tasnim News Agency reports that, in a Nowruz speech, Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei said experts in his country can enrich uranium to 99 percent. ISNA reports that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is threatening to quit the Iran nuclear deal if the United States blocks Iran's version of the deal's implementation. ](/news/2017/03/21/tasnim-news-agency-reports-that-in-a-nowruz-speech-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-said-experts-in-his-country-can-enrich-uranium-to-9.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
6. [Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei calls the recent Paris attacks "blind terrorism," according to IRNA, the country's official news agency. The Iranian government condemned the attacks immediately after they occurred. ](/news/2015/11/29/iran-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-calls-the-recent-paris-attacks-ablind-terrorism-a-according-to-irna-the-country-s-official-n.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
7. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. ](/news/2015/10/21/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-approves-the-nuclear-deal-between-tehran-and-world-powers-and-orders-it-to-be-implemented-subj.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
8. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns Saudi Arabia of "harsh" measures if the Kingdom fails to promptly repatriate the bodies of more than 200 Iranian pilgrims killed in last week's Hajj stampede. ](/news/2015/09/30/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-warns-saudi-arabia-of-harsh-measures-if-the-kingdom-fails-to-promptly-repatriate-the-bodies-o.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
9. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei accuses the United States of "holding a gun" to Tehran's head to pressure it to hold direct talks and states that it's very unlikely that these talks may take place. ](/news/2013/02/7/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-accuses-the-united-states-of-holding-a-gun-to-tehran-s-head-to-pressure-it-to-hold-direct-talks-an.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
10. [Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei calls nuclear weapons and their use "an unforgivable sin" and defends Iran's right to use nuclear energy for medical and peaceful purposes. ](/news/2012/08/30/supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-calls-nuclear-weapons-and-their-use-an-unforgivable-sin-and-defends-iran-s-right-to-use-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran_
