### [2011-04-17](/news/2011/04/17/index.md)

# The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits Japan to announce US assistance for the recovery effort following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. 

Hillary Clinton announces joint reconstruction plans as she visits Japan to show US solidarity five weeks after the quake disaster.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13107532)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/52207000/jpg/_52207265_011780895-2.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Japan to deliberate the global economic crisis and international security. ](/news/2009/02/17/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-arrives-in-japan-to-deliberate-the-global-economic-crisis-and-international-security.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Japan, United States Secretary of State_
2. [Aquatic species from Japan hitched a ride on debris from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and were able to reach the West Coast of the United States alive. ](/news/2017/09/28/aquatic-species-from-japan-hitched-a-ride-on-debris-from-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-and-were-able-to-reach-the-west-coast-of-th.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
3. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
4. [John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peace-memorial-museum-to-the-victi.md) _Context: Japan, United States Secretary of State_
5. [The man who served as Japan's deputy chief trade negotiator for the Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade deal, says that there is no room for the sort of renegotiation of a particular provision suggested by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/03/9/the-man-who-served-as-japan-s-deputy-chief-trade-negotiator-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-trade-deal-says-that-there-is-no-room-for-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Japan_
6. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
7. [Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State, announces that she is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for President in the 2016 election. ](/news/2015/04/12/hillary-clinton-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-she-is-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-for-president-in-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
8. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
9. [A woman is arrested after she throws a shoe at the head of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she was giving a speech in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2014/04/11/a-woman-is-arrested-after-she-throws-a-shoe-at-the-head-of-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-as-she-was-giving-a-speec.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
10. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
