### [2017-03-15](/news/2017/03/15/index.md)

# A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. 




### Source:

1. [Hoinolulu Star-Advertiser](http://www.staradvertiser.com/2017/03/15/breaking-news/hawaii-in-federal-court-to-challenge-trumps-travel-ban/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-court-idUSKBN16M17N)

### Related:

1. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: Hawaii, Maryland, United States immigration ban_
2. [A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restraining-order-on-president-trump.md) _Context: Maryland, United States immigration ban_
3. [Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist-country.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
4. [American conservative columnist George Will tells the Federalist Society that he is no longer a Republican because of Donald Trump, and has officially changed his Maryland voter registration from the GOP to ''unaffiliated''. ](/news/2016/06/24/american-conservative-columnist-george-will-tells-the-federalist-society-that-he-is-no-longer-a-republican-because-of-donald-trump-and-has.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Maryland_
5. [Voters in the states of Maine, Maryland, and Washington approve measures that would allow same-sex marriage, while Minnesota votes down an amendment that would define marriage as between one man and one woman. ](/news/2012/11/7/voters-in-the-states-of-maine-maryland-and-washington-approve-measures-that-would-allow-same-sex-marriage-while-minnesota-votes-down-an-a.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington_
6. [In response to persistent accusations by potential Republican primary candidate Donald Trump and others, President of the United States Barack Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, certifying his birth in the state of Hawaii. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-response-to-persistent-accusations-by-potential-republican-primary-candidate-donald-trump-and-others-president-of-the-united-states-bara.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
7. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
