### [2017-03-15](/news/2017/03/15/index.md)

# According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. 

Blasts at restaurant in Syrian capital and at the Palace of Justice follow another double suicide bombing there at the weekend


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/breaking-second-terrorist-attack-rips-damascus-6th-anniversary-syrian-uprising/)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/15/damascus-suicide-bombing-dozens-killed-syria-reports-say)
3. [The New Indian Express](http://www.newindianexpress.com/world/2017/mar/15/air-strike-in-syria-leaves-at-least-21-dead-including-14-children-sources-1581706.html)

### Related:

1. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-air.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-of-pro-government-supporters-rallied-outside-in-support-of-russi.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
