### [2017-03-15](/news/2017/03/15/index.md)

# An avalanche kills four skiers in Tyrol, Austria. 

Rescuers find a fourth person missing in the Austrian Alps after a large avalanche.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39283797)

### Related:

1. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Austria_
2. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: Austria_
3. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/austrian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-can.md) _Context: Austria_
4. [Six members of one family, including three children, are found dead in Boheimkirchen, Austria. Police suspect a murder-suicide by one of the female relatives. ](/news/2016/12/1/six-members-of-one-family-including-three-children-are-found-dead-in-bapheimkirchen-austria-police-suspect-a-murder-suicide-by-one-of-th.md) _Context: Austria_
5. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: Austria-s highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austrian-presidential-election-2016-austria-s-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right.md) _Context: Austria_
6. [ 2016 Nenzing shooting: A man kills two and wounds 11 in an attack on a concert in the Austrian town of Nenzing. ](/news/2016/05/22/2016-nenzing-shooting-a-man-kills-two-and-wounds-11-in-an-attack-on-a-concert-in-the-austrian-town-of-nenzing.md) _Context: Austria_
7. [European migrant crisis: The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/european-migrant-crisis-the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-t.md) _Context: Austria_
8. [European migrant crisis: Austria-Italy relations: Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/european-migrant-crisis-austria-italy-relations-austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-i.md) _Context: Austria_
9. [Five people are killed in an avalanche that buried 17 Czechs in Austria. ](/news/2016/02/6/five-people-are-killed-in-an-avalanche-that-buried-17-czechs-in-austria.md) _Context: Austria_
10. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: Austria_
