### [2017-03-15](/news/2017/03/15/index.md)

# United States immigration ban. A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. 




### Source:

1. [Hoinolulu Star-Advertiser](http://www.staradvertiser.com/2017/03/15/breaking-news/hawaii-in-federal-court-to-challenge-trumps-travel-ban/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-court-idUSKBN16M17N)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Hawaii, Maryland, United States immigration ban_
2. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780. A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
3. [United States immigration ban. A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/united-states-immigration-ban-a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restr.md) _Context: Maryland, United States immigration ban_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. American conservative columnist George Will tells the Federalist Society that he is no longer a Republican because of Donald Trump, and has officially changed his Maryland voter registration from the GOP to "unaffiliated". ](/news/2016/06/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-american-conservative-columnist-george-will-tells-the-federalist-society-that-he-is-no-longer-a-r.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Maryland_
6. [United States elections, 2012. Voters in the states of Maine, Maryland, and Washington approve measures that would allow same-sex marriage, while Minnesota votes down an amendment that would define marriage as between one man and one woman. ](/news/2012/11/7/united-states-elections-2012-voters-in-the-states-of-maine-maryland-and-washington-approve-measures-that-would-allow-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington_
7. [In response to persistent accusations by potential Republican primary candidate Donald Trump and others, President of the United States Barack Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, certifying his birth in the state of Hawaii. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-response-to-persistent-accusations-by-potential-republican-primary-candidate-donald-trump-and-others-president-of-the-united-states-bara.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
8. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [2017 North Korea crisis. U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
