### [2004-01-23](/news/2004/01/23/index.md)

#  David Kay steps down from Iraq Survey Group. George Tenet names former UN weapons inspector Charles Duelfer to succeed Kay.




### Related:

1. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: Charles Duelfer, Iraq Survey Group_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: David Kay, Iraq Survey Group_
3. [ The U.S. chief weapons inspector, Charles Duelfer states that search of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq has "gone as far as feasible". ](/news/2005/04/26/the-u-s-chief-weapons-inspector-charles-duelfer-states-that-search-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq-has-gone-as-far-as-feasible.md) _Context: Charles Duelfer_
4. [ A second high-ranking CIA official, Deputy Director for field operations James Pavitt, is to retire early, after 31 years, citing personal reasons; speculation arises that his resignation and that of former Director George Tenet are possibly linked with the Iraq weapons of mass destruction or 9-11 intelligence issues. ](/news/2004/06/4/a-second-high-ranking-cia-official-deputy-director-for-field-operations-james-pavitt-is-to-retire-early-after-31-years-citing-personal.md) _Context: George Tenet_
5. [ Central Intelligence Agency director George Tenet tenders his resignation, citing "personal reasons". He will serve as CIA Director until mid-July. John McLaughlin, the deputy director for the CIA will become the acting Director until a permanent Director is chosen and confirmed by Congress. ](/news/2004/06/3/central-intelligence-agency-director-george-tenet-tenders-his-resignation-citing-personal-reasons-he-will-serve-as-cia-director-until-m.md) _Context: George Tenet_
6. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: George Tenet_
7. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: David Kay_
8. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq: Responding to criticism that pre-war intelligence gathering was faulty, CIA director George Tenet states that analysts had never presented Saddam Hussein's Iraq as an "imminent threat" in the years immediately preceding the coalition invasion. Tenet states that an overall "objective assessment" for policymakers of a ""brutal dictator who was continuing his efforts to deceive and build programs"" that might ""surprise"" and "threaten" US interests was outlined in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate.](/news/2004/02/5/2003-invasion-of-iraq-responding-to-criticism-that-pre-war-intelligence-gathering-was-faulty-cia-director-george-tenet-states-that-analys.md) _Context: George Tenet_
9. [ David Kay testifies before a United States Senate committee stating that evidence of weapons of mass destruction was based on inaccurate intelligence. "I believe that the effort that has been directed to this point has been sufficiently intense that it is highly unlikely that there were large stockpiles of deployed, militarized chemical weapons there" and, even if Iraq did not have weapons stockpiles, this does not mean that nation was not dangerous. Kay urges for an inquiry into the intelligence failure and states that the United States needed better intelligence.](/news/2004/01/28/david-kay-testifies-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-stating-that-evidence-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-was-based-on-inaccurate-in.md) _Context: David Kay_
10. [ David Kay says, in his opinion, Iraq had no banned WMD stockpiles: "I don't think they existed", Kay said, "What everyone was talking about is stockpiles produced after the end of the last (1991) Gulf War, and I don't think there was a large-scale production program in the '90s." David Kay also says that part of Saddam Hussein's secret weapons programme may have been hidden in Syria. Syria denies receiving Iraq arms.](/news/2004/01/25/david-kay-says-in-his-opinion-iraq-had-no-banned-wmd-stockpiles-i-don-t-think-they-existed-kay-said-what-everyone-was-talking-about.md) _Context: David Kay_
