### [2004-01-23](/news/2004/01/23/index.md)

#  NASA's Spirit rover communicated with Earth in a signal detected by NASA's Deep Space Network antenna complex near Madrid, Spain, at 12:34 Universal Time (4:34 am PST) this morning. The transmissions came during a communication window about 90 minutes after Spirit woke up for the morning on Mars. The signal lasted for 10 minutes at a data rate of 10 bits per second. Mission controllers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, plan to send commands to Spirit seeking additional data from the spacecraft during the subsequent few hours. The flight team for NASA's Spirit received data from the rover in another communication session that began at 13:26 Universal Time (5:26 am PST) and lasted 20 minutes at a data rate of 120 bits per second.




### Related:

1. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
2. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: Deep Space Network, NASA_
3. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
4. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA's "Spirit" rover now has its arm and all six of its wheels free, and only a single cable must be cut before it can turn and roll off its lander onto the soil of Mars. As that milestone is completed, scientists are taking opportunities to take extra pictures and gather other data.](/news/2004/01/11/exploration-of-mars-nasa-s-spirit-rover-now-has-its-arm-and-all-six-of-its-wheels-free-and-only-a-single-cable-must-be-cut-before-it-ca.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
5. [Results of the Juno mission are announced by NASA researchers, revealing new and unexpected information concerning Jupiter's poles, meteorology, and magnetic and gravitational fields. ](/news/2017/05/25/results-of-the-juno-mission-are-announced-by-nasa-researchers-revealing-new-and-unexpected-information-concerning-jupiter-s-poles-meteorol.md) _Context: NASA_
6. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: NASA_
7. [NASA announces Saturn's moon Enceladus has the conditions in its global subsurface ocean to support life. ](/news/2017/04/13/nasa-announces-saturn-s-moon-enceladus-has-the-conditions-in-its-global-subsurface-ocean-to-support-life.md) _Context: NASA_
8. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: NASA_
9. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: NASA_
10. [NASA and the European Southern Observatory announce the discovery of four new Earth-like planets in the Goldilocks zone of the star TRAPPIST-1, in addition to the three discovered there last year. ](/news/2017/02/22/nasa-and-the-european-southern-observatory-announce-the-discovery-of-four-new-earth-like-planets-in-the-goldilocks-zone-of-the-star-trappist.md) _Context: NASA_
