### [2004-01-23](/news/2004/01/23/index.md)

#  The International Monetary Fund has joined the World Bank in forgiving US$4 billion of the $6.5bn debt owed by Nicaragua, sharply reducing the nation's overall debt payments.




### Related:

1. [ President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez announces that Venezuela will withdraw from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. ](/news/2007/04/30/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-announces-that-venezuela-will-withdraw-from-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-world-bank.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
2. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
3. [ An internal investigation by the Washington, D.C., police department indicates that hundreds of people arrested for failure to obey a police order to disperse at Pershing Park on September 27, 2002, during protests against the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund were never actually ordered to disperse before being arrested. MPDC Chief Charles Ramsey was unapologetic, indicating that the actions of the police were necessary to protect the city.](/news/2003/02/27/an-internal-investigation-by-the-washington-d-c-police-department-indicates-that-hundreds-of-people-arrested-for-failure-to-obey-a-polic.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
4. [ Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.](/news/2000/09/27/anti-globalization-protests-in-prague-at-the-summit-of-the-international-monetary-fund-and-world-bank.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
5. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners-on.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [Voters in Nicaragua go to the polls for a general election with polls suggesting that the President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega will be elected for a third successive term. Ortega's wife Rosario Murillo is running to be the Vice President of Nicaragua.](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-nicaragua-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-polls-suggesting-that-the-president-of-nicaragua-daniel-ortega-will-be-elect.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
10. [Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-america.md) _Context: Nicaragua_
