### [2011-01-25](/news/2011/01/25/index.md)

# 2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. 




### Source:

1. [AHN](http://www.allheadlinenews.com/briefs/articles/90031971?Paris%20probes%20Tunisia%26%23146%3Bs%20ousted%20leader%26%23146%3Bs%20assets%20held%20in%20France#ixzz1C1VkjbOx)
2. [IBN](http://ibnlive.in.com/news/antigovt-protests-intensify-in-tunisia/141431-2.html)

### Related:

1. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Tunisian officials negotiate the formation of a supervisory council to oversee the country's interim government, in an effort to appease protesters angry at the continued presence in the cabinet of holdovers linked to deposed President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali'sregime. ](/news/2011/01/24/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-ptunisian-officials-negotiate-the-formation-of-a-supervisory-council-to-oversee-the-country-s-interim-governme.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
2. [Tunisian police arrest two politicians linked to former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was recently ousted in a popular uprising. ](/news/2011/01/23/tunisian-police-arrest-two-politicians-linked-to-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-was-recently-ousted-in-a-popular-uprising.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
3. [Tunisia's prime minister Mohamed Ghannouchi promises in a TV interview to leave politics "in the shortest possible timeframe" after elections to be held following President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's recent fall. ](/news/2011/01/22/tunisia-s-prime-minister-mohamed-ghannouchi-promises-in-a-tv-interview-to-leave-politics-in-the-shortest-possible-timeframe-after-election.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
4. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali flees with his family to Saudi Arabia, after being rejected by France. ](/news/2011/01/15/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pformer-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-flees-with-his-family-to-saudi-arabia-after-being-reject.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
5. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment ''in absentia'' by a Tunisian military court for inciting murder and violence during the revolution that ousted him from power in January 2011. ](/news/2012/06/13/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-20-years-imprisonment-in-absentia-by-a-tunisian-military-court-for-i.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
6. [2011 Tunisian revolution: Former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced ''in absentia'' to 16 years imprisonment for corruption. ](/news/2011/07/29/2011-tunisian-revolution-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-in-absentia-to-16-years-imprisonment-for-corruption.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
7. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 16 years in absentia for corruption and property fraud. ](/news/2011/07/28/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-16-years-in-absentia-for-corruption-and-property-fraud.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
8. [Arab Spring:Tunisian revolution: Thousands of people demonstrate in Tunis to demand both the resignation of interim prime minister Beji Caid el Sebsi, a link with the old guard brought down in January's popular revolution, and the prosecution of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who fled to Saudi Arabia after being ousted, on charges such as murder and drug-trafficking. ](/news/2011/04/24/arab-spring-ptunisian-revolution-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-tunis-to-demand-both-the-resignation-of-interim-prime-minister-beji-cai.md) _Context: Tunis, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
9. [The Government of Tunisia asks Saudi Arabia to extradite former President of Tunisia  Zine El Abidine Ben Ali who it accuses of "several serious crimes.". ](/news/2011/02/20/the-government-of-tunisia-asks-saudi-arabia-to-extradite-former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-it-accuses-of-several-ser.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
10. [Other Arab Spring Events:Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, ousted during the recent popular revolution, is reported to have slipped into a coma following his stroke in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2011/02/18/other-arab-spring-events-pformer-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-ousted-during-the-recent-popular-revolution-is-reported-to-h.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
