### [2011-01-25](/news/2011/01/25/index.md)

# Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. 

A Rwandan rebel leader is extradited from France to The Hague, as his group is accused of attacking a Congolese wildlife park.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12277378)
2. [Radio Netherlands](http://www.rnw.nl/international-justice/article/rwandan-rebel-lands-netherlands-face-icc-judges)

### Related:

1. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
2. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
3. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [The International Criminal Court dismisses charges against Callixte Mbarushimana, a Rwandan rebel accused of the torture, rape and murder of Congolese villagers by Hutu militia in 2009. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-international-criminal-court-dismisses-charges-against-callixte-mbarushimana-a-rwandan-rebel-accused-of-the-torture-rape-and-murder-of.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
5. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
6. [A French court orders the extradition of Rwandan rebel leader Callixte Mbarushimana to stand trial at the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2010/11/3/a-french-court-orders-the-extradition-of-rwandan-rebel-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-to-stand-trial-at-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, France, International Criminal Court_
7. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
8. [The International Criminal Court orders the first accused at The Hague, Thomas Lubanga from the Democratic Republic of the Congo accused of allegedly recruiting child soldiers, be freed. ](/news/2010/07/15/the-international-criminal-court-orders-the-first-accused-at-the-hague-thomas-lubanga-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-accused-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
9. [ The trial of two Congolese militia leaders, Germain Katanga and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui, begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2009/11/24/the-trial-of-two-congolese-militia-leaders-germain-katanga-and-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-ha.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
10. [ France presents a draft resolution to vote at the United Nations. It would give war crime cases in Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. US resists the idea. ](/news/2005/03/24/france-presents-a-draft-resolution-to-vote-at-the-united-nations-it-would-give-war-crime-cases-in-darfur-region-of-sudan-to-the-internatio.md) _Context: France, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
