### [2011-01-25](/news/2011/01/25/index.md)

# Political crisis in Lebanon:: Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/2011125123043953760.html)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-lebanon-politics-20110125,0,954437.story)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah and its allies win support a majority in parliament to nominate their candidate, Najib Mikati, as Prime Minister of Lebanon, giving them the upper hand in attempts to form a government and sparking accusations of a pro-Iranian coup by loyalists of ousted Prime Minister Saad Hariri. ](/news/2011/01/24/hezbollah-and-its-allies-win-support-a-majority-in-parliament-to-nominate-their-candidate-najib-mikati-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon-givin.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Najib Mikati, Prime Minister, Saad Hariri_
2. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announces the formation of a unity government with Hezbollah. ](/news/2009/11/9/lebanese-prime-minister-saad-hariri-announces-the-formation-of-a-unity-government-with-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Prime Minister, Saad Hariri_
3. [Najib Mikati announces his resignation as Prime Minister of Lebanon. ](/news/2013/03/22/najib-mikati-announces-his-resignation-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, Najib Mikati, Prime Minister_
4. [Prosecutors at the U.N.-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon set up to prosecute the killers of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri ask judges to defer a decision to hold a trial "in absentia" for four Hezbollah members indicted in Hariri's assassination. ](/news/2011/11/12/prosecutors-at-the-u-n-backed-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-set-up-to-prosecute-the-killers-of-former-lebanese-prime-minister-rafik-hariri-a.md) _Context: Hariri's assassination, Hezbollah, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
5. [In Lebanon, Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah rejects the indictment and arrest warrants served by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon three days earlier against the party's four senior members. ](/news/2011/07/3/in-lebanon-hezbollah-s-leader-hassan-nasrallah-rejects-the-indictment-and-arrest-warrants-served-by-the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-three.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
6. [Lebanon's Government led by Prime Minister Saad Hariri collapses following the withdrawal of Hezbollah. ](/news/2011/01/12/lebanon-s-government-led-by-prime-minister-saad-hariri-collapses-following-the-withdrawal-of-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Saad Hariri_
7. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
8. [ 2008 unrest in Lebanon:: The Prime Minister of Lebanon Fuad Saniora accuses Hezbollah of staging "an armed coup" against Lebanon. ](/news/2008/05/10/2008-unrest-in-lebanon-the-prime-minister-of-lebanon-fuad-saniora-accuses-hezbollah-of-staging-an-armed-coup-against-lebanon.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Prime Minister_
9. [ The United Nations Security Council establishes an international tribunal to try suspects in the killings of Lebanese political figures including the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/30/the-united-nations-security-council-establishes-an-international-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-killings-of-lebanese-political-figures-inc.md) _Context: Lebanon, Prime Minister, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
10. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
