### [2011-01-25](/news/2011/01/25/index.md)

# The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the -primary forum- for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/israeli-probe-of-flotilla-raid-impartial-us/story-e6frg6so-1225994137109)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/ArtsAndCulture/Entertainment/Article.aspx?id=205102)

### Related:

1. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
2. [Syrian uprising:. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges "maximum restraint" from the Syrian regime as the first UN military observers arrive in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire. ](/news/2012/04/16/syrian-uprising-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-maximum-restraint-from-the-syrian-regime-as-the-first-un-military-observers-arriv.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
3. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
4. [Turkey's foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu expresses concerns that Israel's report into its own commando operation resulting in the Gaza flotilla raid is "neither credible nor unbiased", he tells a news conference before departing for Montenegro. ](/news/2011/01/28/turkey-s-foreign-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-expresses-concerns-that-israel-s-report-into-its-own-commando-operation-resulting-in-the-gaza-flo.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
6. [Investigation of the Gaza flotilla raid:. Lieutenant-General of Israel Gabi Ashkenazi testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. He says force used was "proportionate and correct" and that soldiers "shot those who they needed to shoot". ](/news/2010/08/11/investigation-of-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-lieutenant-general-of-israel-gabi-ashkenazi-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigat.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
7. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
8. [Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon stalls on his earlier proposal for an international investigation into the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/22/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-stalls-on-his-earlier-proposal-for-an-international-investigation-into-the-gaza-flotilla.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza flotilla raid_
9. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza flotilla raid_
10. [An expert panel is appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to investigate whether war crimes were committed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2010/06/22/an-expert-panel-is-appointed-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-to-investigate-whether-war-crimes-were-committed-during-the-final-stages-of.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
