### [2011-01-25](/news/2011/01/25/index.md)

# U.S. envoy Jeffrey Feltman expresses his hope that the "example" of the ongoing Tunisian uprising can bring reform to other parts of region, despite U.S. backing for the deposed Zine El Abidine Ben Ali regime. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2011/01/2011125152635550548.html)

### Related:

1. [Tunisia issues an international arrest warrant for former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and members of his family who fled the country earlier this month following demonstrations that toppled his regime. ](/news/2011/01/26/tunisia-issues-an-international-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-and-members-of-his-family-who-fled-the-country-e.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
2. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pthousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
3. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Tunisian officials negotiate the formation of a supervisory council to oversee the country's interim government, in an effort to appease protesters angry at the continued presence in the cabinet of holdovers linked to deposed President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali'sregime. ](/news/2011/01/24/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-ptunisian-officials-negotiate-the-formation-of-a-supervisory-council-to-oversee-the-country-s-interim-governme.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
4. [Tunisian police arrest two politicians linked to former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was recently ousted in a popular uprising. ](/news/2011/01/23/tunisian-police-arrest-two-politicians-linked-to-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-was-recently-ousted-in-a-popular-uprising.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
5. [Tunisia's prime minister Mohamed Ghannouchi promises in a TV interview to leave politics "in the shortest possible timeframe" after elections to be held following President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's recent fall. ](/news/2011/01/22/tunisia-s-prime-minister-mohamed-ghannouchi-promises-in-a-tv-interview-to-leave-politics-in-the-shortest-possible-timeframe-after-election.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
6. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali flees with his family to Saudi Arabia, after being rejected by France. ](/news/2011/01/15/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pformer-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-flees-with-his-family-to-saudi-arabia-after-being-reject.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
7. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests: Thousands of people protest across the country demanding the resignation of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. ](/news/2011/01/14/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pthousands-of-people-protest-across-the-country-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-al.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
8. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Tunisia's Interior Minister Rafik Belhaj Kacem is sacked by President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who also orders the release of most people detained during recent unrest. ](/news/2011/01/12/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-ptunisia-s-interior-minister-rafik-belhaj-kacem-is-sacked-by-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-also-order.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
9. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment ''in absentia'' by a Tunisian military court for inciting murder and violence during the revolution that ousted him from power in January 2011. ](/news/2012/06/13/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-20-years-imprisonment-in-absentia-by-a-tunisian-military-court-for-i.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
10. [Following Tunisia's first election since the ousting of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in January, the moderate Islamist Renaissance Party declares victory, with their centre-left rivals, the Progressive Democratic Party, conceding defeat. The official results of the election are due to be released next week. ](/news/2011/10/24/following-tunisia-s-first-election-since-the-ousting-of-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-in-january-the-moderate-islamist-renaissance-part.md) _Context: Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
