### [2007-03-6](/news/2007/03/6/index.md)

#  Two earthquakes measuring 6.4 and 6.3 on the Moment magnitude scale hit Sumatra in Indonesia, with the epicenter near Lake Singkarak. At least 82 fatalities are currently reported. The earthquakes were felt as far as in Malaysia and Singapore. 




### Source:

1. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/quakes-kill-82-in-indonesia/2007/03/06/1173156488441.html)
2. [USGS on the 6.3 quake](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsww/Quakes/us2007zpal.php)
3. [USGS on the 6.4 quake](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsww/Quakes/us2007zpah.php)

### Related:

1. [2013 Southeast Asian haze: Haze from Indonesian forest fires in Sumatra increase air pollution in Singapore and Malaysia to hazardous levels. ](/news/2013/06/20/2013-southeast-asian-haze-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-in-sumatra-increase-air-pollution-in-singapore-and-malaysia-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Sumatra_
2. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra, magnitude_
3. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
4. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40 missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Sumatra_
5. [The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-smog.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
6. [Forest fires in Sumatra, Indonesia, cause a thick haze to drift over Singapore. ](/news/2010/10/22/forest-fires-in-sumatra-indonesia-cause-a-thick-haze-to-drift-over-singapore.md) _Context: Indonesia, Singapore, Sumatra_
7. [ Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore agree to joint anti-piracy patrols in the Malacca Strait. ](/news/2005/08/2/malaysia-indonesia-and-singapore-agree-to-joint-anti-piracy-patrols-in-the-malacca-strait.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
8. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, magnitude_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
10. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
