### [2014-05-26](/news/2014/05/26/index.md)

# Voters in Egypt go to the polls in the first of a two day voting period with Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi expected to be elected. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/egyptians-vote-elect-countrys-next-president-061328200.html)

### Related:

1. [Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi resigns from his position as Minister of Defense and announces his bid for the upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2014/03/26/egyptian-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-resigns-from-his-position-as-minister-of-defense-and-announces-his-bid-for-the-upcoming-presiden.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian presidential election, 2014_
2. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
3. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
4. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
7. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility  shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
8. [Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan slams Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi as an "illegitimate tyrant", adding that Egypt could not be relied on when negotiating a ceasefire. ](/news/2014/07/18/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-slams-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-as-an-illegitimate-tyrant-adding-that-egypt-co.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
9. [Algeria-Egypt relations:Egypt's president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi makes his first official visit abroad to Algeria where security was top of the agenda. ](/news/2014/06/25/algeriaaegypt-relations-pegypt-s-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-makes-his-first-official-visit-abroad-to-algeria-where-security-was-top-of.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
10. [Egyptian presidential election, 2014:Voting in Egypt continues for an unscheduled third day due to concerns about low turnout. Official results show former military chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi headed for a massive victory with 92% of the vote. ](/news/2014/05/28/egyptian-presidential-election-2014-pvoting-in-egypt-continues-for-an-unscheduled-third-day-due-to-concerns-about-low-turnout-official-res.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election, 2014_
