### [2016-01-8](/news/2016/01/8/index.md)

# 2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Three people are unaccounted for and at least 135 structures are destroyed, including the historic Yarloop Workshops, following a bushfire in the small Western Australian town of Yarloop. Reports coming out of the area suggest the town of Yarloop has been almost completely destroyed with one local official, Murray Cowper, saying, "A big fireball came through and there was no way they were going to stop it. This could well be the end of the town". 

At least 95 homes have been razed by a bushfire burning south of Perth, while three people are feared missing.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-australia-35258692)
2. [SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2016/01/08/three-unaccounted-yarloop-bushfire-95-buildings-lost)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Two dead bodies have been found in Yarloop, Western Australia, and residents of four towns urged to evacuate in under threat as the Waroona bushfire continues to burn out of control. ](/news/2016/01/9/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-two-dead-bodies-have-been-found-in-yarloop-western-australia-and-residents-of-four-towns-urged-to-ev.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, Yarloop, Western Australia_
2. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Authorities confirm that bushfires have killed four people, including three German backpackers, in southern Western Australia near the town of Esperance. ](/news/2015/11/18/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-authorities-confirm-that-bushfires-have-killed-four-people-including-three-german-backpackers-in-sou.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, Western Australia_
3. [The night parrot is confirmed sighted (and photographed) in Western Australia for first time in nearly 100 years. ](/news/2017/03/23/the-night-parrot-is-confirmed-sighted-and-photographed-in-western-australia-for-first-time-in-nearly-100-years.md) _Context: Western Australia_
4. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: Western Australia_
5. [A fragment of the world's oldest ground-edge axe dated at between 45,000 and 49,000 years old is found in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. ](/news/2016/05/11/a-fragment-of-the-world-s-oldest-ground-edge-axe-dated-at-between-45-000-and-49-000-years-old-is-found-in-the-kimberley-region-of-western-au.md) _Context: Western Australia_
6. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
7. [2015-16 Australian region cyclone season. Western Australia's Pilbara region braces for the impact of Cyclone Stan, which is expected to make landfall as a Category Three storm. ](/news/2016/01/30/2015-16-australian-region-cyclone-season-western-australia-s-pilbara-region-braces-for-the-impact-of-cyclone-stan-which-is-expected-to-m.md) _Context: Western Australia_
8. [2015-16 Australian region cyclone season. Tropical Cyclone Stan gathers strength as it heads towards the Pilbara and Kimberley regions of Western Australia. ](/news/2016/01/29/2015-16-australian-region-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-stan-gathers-strength-as-it-heads-towards-the-pilbara-and-kimberley-regions-of.md) _Context: Western Australia_
9. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-h.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
10. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. At least 87 homes have been lost in the fires that started in Pinery, South Australia which also claimed two lives and hospitalised 90 with five people in a critical condition. ](/news/2015/11/27/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-at-least-87-homes-have-been-lost-in-the-fires-that-started-in-pinery-south-australia-which-also-claim.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
