### [2016-01-8](/news/2016/01/8/index.md)

# The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. 

The notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman has been arrested after his scandalous prison break last year, the Mexican president announced, praising the success of a months-long criminal and intelligence investigation.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/328304-druglord-chapo-captured-mexico/)

### Related:

1. [Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october-meeting-and-inter.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexican Drug War_
3. [The Mexican Navy kills Knights Templar Cartel high-ranking leader Enrique Plancarte Sols. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-mexican-navy-kills-knights-templar-cartel-high-ranking-leader-enrique-plancarte-solis.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
4. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. ](/news/2012/10/9/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-confirms-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-criminal-organization-los-zetas-was-kille.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
5. [Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is extradited to the United States, where he will face charges for his role as leader of the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2017/01/19/mexican-drug-lord-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-is-extradited-to-the-united-states-where-he-will-face-charges-for-his-role-as-leader-of-the-s.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán_
6. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [The legal team of Joaquin Guzman (''El Chapo''), the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, has challenged the foreign ministry of Mexico's decision to extradite him to the United States. ](/news/2016/05/27/the-legal-team-of-joaquan-guzma-n-el-chapo-the-leader-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-has-challenged-the-foreign-ministry-of-mexico-s-decisio.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán_
8. [The Mexican government approves the extradition of drug boss Joaquin Guzman to the United States following assurances that he will not face the death penalty. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-mexican-government-approves-the-extradition-of-drug-boss-joaquan-guzma-n-to-the-united-states-following-assurances-that-he-will-not-fac.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán_
9. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
