### [2014-07-8](/news/2014/07/8/index.md)

# The United Nations Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favour of Bangladesh in a border dispute with India over the Bay of Bengal. 

A U.N. tribunal has awarded Bangladesh nearly four-fifths of an area sprawling over 25,000 sq km (9,700 sq miles) in the Bay of Bengal, ending a dispute over a sea border with India that has ruffled ties between the neighbours for more than three decades.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/07/08/uk-bangladesh-india-seaborder-idUKKBN0FD15N20140708)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: India, Permanent Court of Arbitration's, United Nations_
2. [ Dozens are killed and hundreds missing in India and Bangladesh after heavy rainstorms in the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2006/09/20/dozens-are-killed-and-hundreds-missing-in-india-and-bangladesh-after-heavy-rainstorms-in-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bay of Bengal, India_
3. [ At least 50 people die following a series of storms and floods that hit the Bay of Bengal in Bangladesh and India; many more are missing, and officials fear for the safety of over a hundred fishermen. ](/news/2005/09/21/at-least-50-people-die-following-a-series-of-storms-and-floods-that-hit-the-bay-of-bengal-in-bangladesh-and-india-many-more-are-missing-a.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bay of Bengal, India_
4. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
5. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thailand-bangladesh-and-india-accord.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
6. [India and Bangladesh have swapped control of some 160 small pockets of land on each other's territory. Residents were asked to choose where they wanted to live and which nationality they would prefer. Most of them decided to change nationality and stay where they live. ](/news/2015/07/31/india-and-bangladesh-have-swapped-control-of-some-160-small-pockets-of-land-on-each-other-s-territory-residents-were-asked-to-choose-where.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
7. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
8. [A mob storms the central jail in Dimapur, India, and kills Farid Khan, an undocumented migrant from Bangladesh in custody as a rape suspect. The mob ransacks and destroys over 20 shops and torches ten vehicles including a police jeep. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-mob-storms-the-central-jail-in-dimapur-india-and-kills-farid-khan-an-undocumented-migrant-from-bangladesh-in-custody-as-a-rape-suspect.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
9. [A United Nations peacekeeper from India is killed in the eastern Congo. ](/news/2012/07/6/a-united-nations-peacekeeper-from-india-is-killed-in-the-eastern-congo.md) _Context: India, United Nations_
10. [Bangladesh and India sign a deal to build a US$1.5 billion power plant. ](/news/2012/01/29/bangladesh-and-india-sign-a-deal-to-build-a-us-1-5-billion-power-plant.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
