### [2014-07-8](/news/2014/07/8/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. 

Japan&#039;s PM Shinzo Abe says Australia and his nation are joined like players in a rugby scrum, in a speech to MPs.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-07-08/australia2c-japan-to-sign-economic-partnership-agreement/5580738)

### Related:

1. [Australia-Japan relations: In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Prime Minister of Japan, Tony Abbott_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Australia declares its war in Afghanistan over while the Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, visits Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/10/28/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-australia-declares-its-war-in-afghanistan-over-while-the-prime-minister-tony-abbott-visits-afghanist.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
3. [Security escort Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott from a restaurant in Canberra after indigenous protesters surrounded the building on Australia Day in response to comments made by Abbott. ](/news/2012/01/26/security-escort-australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-and-opposition-leader-tony-abbott-from-a-restaurant-in-canberra-after-indigenous-pro.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Canberra, Tony Abbott_
4. [Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. ](/news/2011/03/23/thousands-of-people-gather-in-canberra-australia-to-protest-the-introduction-of-a-carbon-tax-prime-minister-julia-gillard-met-the-australi.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Canberra_
5. [Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping meets with Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on an official trip to Canberra. The two countries sign agreements valued at over A$10 billion. ](/news/2010/06/21/chinese-vice-president-xi-jinping-meets-with-australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-on-an-official-trip-to-canberra-the-two-countries-sign-ag.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Canberra_
6. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans on increasing the spending for the Japan Self-Defense Force. ](/news/2016/08/31/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-plans-on-increasing-the-spending-for-the-japan-self-defense-force.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [ Australian federal election, 2016: Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/australian-federal-election-2016-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
8. [A day after Sunday's trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minist.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [Economy of Japan: The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [The United States Navy and the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force held a triennial fleet review off Tokyo Bay. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to board a U.S. aircraft carrier when he visited the USS "Ronald Reagan". ](/news/2015/10/19/the-united-states-navy-and-the-japanese-maritime-self-defense-force-held-a-triennial-fleet-review-off-tokyo-bay-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-b.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
