### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: Storm Desmond: The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. 

Government agrees council tax and business rates relief for 5,000 as forecasters issue two new severe weather alerts for devastated region


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/weather/12038688/Storm-Desmond-Cumbria-floods-UK-weather-Tuesday-live.html#update-20151208-1548)

### Related:

1. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Britain, Met Office, Scotland_
2. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Met Office, Northern England, Scotland_
3. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain, Met Office_
4. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain, Met Office_
5. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods: Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Britain, Northern England, Scotland_
6. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: Storm Desmond: Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere - also in the Lake District - set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain, Storm Desmond_
7. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Britain, Met Office, Scotland_
8. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum: Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
9. [Storm Desmond: The strongest windstorm of the season so far continues to bring flooding and high winds to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2015/12/6/storm-desmond-the-strongest-windstorm-of-the-season-so-far-continues-to-bring-flooding-and-high-winds-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, Storm Desmond_
10. [Storm Desmond: The fourth named windstorm of the season makes landfall across the United Kingdom and Ireland, bringing high winds and serious flooding. ](/news/2015/12/5/storm-desmond-the-fourth-named-windstorm-of-the-season-makes-landfall-across-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-bringing-high-winds-and-seriou.md) _Context: Britain, Storm Desmond_
