### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. 

A roadside bombing killed four Egyptian security personnel in the Sinai Peninsula border town of Rafah.


### Source:

1. [Ahram Online](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/172938/Egypt/Politics-/Bomb-attack-kills-four-security-personnel-in-Egypt.aspx)
2. [Anadolu Agency](http://aa.com.tr/en/world/blast-kills-four-army-soldiers-in-egypt-s-sinai/487635)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/12/08/Bomb-attack-kills-four-Egyptian-security-personnel-in-North-Sinai/4021449622446/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)
3. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/upi/4021449622446/2015/1/4f5022f4f6c3e4cd61d04036174bb16f/v1.5/Bomb-attack-kills-four-Egyptian-security-personnel-in-North-Sinai.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean, just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean-just-off-the-coast.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
2. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Rockets fired from Gaza, reportedly aiming for Israel, land in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt during the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. ](/news/2011/08/21/rockets-fired-from-gaza-reportedly-aiming-for-israel-land-in-the-sinai-peninsula-of-egypt-during-the-palestinian-israeli-conflict.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, Sinai Peninsula_
4. [Israel opposes Egypt's plan to open the Rafah Border Crossing with Gaza to two-way traffic due to its fears of "terror operatives". ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-opposes-egypt-s-plan-to-open-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-to-two-way-traffic-due-to-its-fears-of-terror-operatives.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, border town_
5. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
6. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, border town_
7. [Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egyptian-border-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
9. [ Militants ambush a police convoy in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killing 18 police and wounding seven others. ](/news/2017/09/11/militants-ambush-a-police-convoy-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-killing-18-police-and-wounding-seven-others.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai Peninsula, Sinai insurgency_
10. [A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-personnel-and-15-te.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
