### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. 

Iraqi forces retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Daesh militants.


### Source:

1. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.com/Detail/2015/12/08/440851/Iraq-Ramadi-Daesh-Anbar-)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in  western Iraq's Anbar Province  from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province-from-the-islamic-state-along-wi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State, Ramadi_
2. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
3. [Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-densely-populated-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State_
4. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
5. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
6. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
7. [The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-killed-other-is-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State_
8. [Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-operated-jail-in-the-city-of-ha-t-malallah-al-obeidi-a-loc.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
9. [Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Ramadi_
10. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
