### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

#  The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. 

Longtime critic of Md.&rsquo;s reapportionment efforts gets to continue the fight.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/2015/12/08/190bd7c0-9dbe-11e5-8728-1af6af208198_story.html)

### Related:

1. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland, Maryland district court_
2. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Maryland_
3. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
4. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Supreme Court_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Maryland_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
8. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying  too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-t.md) _Context: Supreme Court, race in drawing them_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Supreme Court_
10. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States House of Representatives_
