### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. 

Media Contact: Caren Browning King + Company 212 561-7464 &#x43;&#097;r&#x65;&#x6e;.B&#x72;&#111;w&#x6e;&#x69;ng&#x40;&#107;i&#x6e;&#x67;&#099;o&#x6d;&#x70;r&#x2e;&#x63;&#111;m Dignitana Receives U.S. FDA De Novo Clearance for The DigniCap® Scalp Cooling System that Reduces Hair Loss Related to Chemotherapy for Women with Breast Cancer Dignitana Brings First and Only U.S. FDA-Cleared Scalp Cooling System to Market Alternative to one of the most devastating side effects &hellip;


### Source:

1. [AP via U.S. News and World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2015/12/08/fda-clears-cold-cap-to-save-hair-during-breast-cancer-chemo)
2. [DigniCap](http://www.dignicap.com/dignitana-fda-clearance/)
3. [FDA](http://www.fda.gov/NewsEvents/Newsroom/PressAnnouncements/ucm476216.htm)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, New York Governor Andrew M. Cuomo orders communities statewide to place homeless people in shelters when temperatures reach freezing. ](/news/2016/01/3/in-the-united-states-new-york-governor-andrew-m-cuomo-orders-communities-statewide-to-place-homeless-people-in-shelters-when-temperatures.md) _Context: U.S., freezing_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
4. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves genetically modified potatoes and apples. ](/news/2015/03/20/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-genetically-modified-potatoes-and-apples.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-names-taylor-farms-as-the-source-of-cyclospora-parasite-tainted-salads-that-sickened-223-dine.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
7. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves Kadcyla, a new drug manufactured by Roche, for treating late-stage breast cancer. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-kadcyla-a-new-drug-manufactured-by-roche-for-treating-late-stage-breast-cancer.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, breast cancer_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the use of the drug Belimumab (Benlysta) to treat lupus, the first drug to be approved for this purpose in 56 years. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-use-of-the-drug-belimumab-benlysta-to-treat-lupus-the-first-drug-to-be-approv.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
9. [Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. ](/news/2010/10/11/surgeons-at-the-shepherd-center-in-atlanta-georgia-inject-a-spinal-cord-injury-patient-with-embryonic-stem-cells-in-an-experiment-approved.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
10. [U.S. actor Michael Douglas begins chemotherapy after doctors discover a tumor in his throat. ](/news/2010/08/16/u-s-actor-michael-douglas-begins-chemotherapy-after-doctors-discover-a-tumor-in-his-throat.md) _Context: U.S., chemotherapy_
