### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# The United States agrees with Singapore on a first deployment of the U.S. P8 Poseidon surveillance aircraft in Singapore this month, in a fresh response to China over its pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea. 

The United States has agreed with Singapore on a first deployment of the U.S. P8 Poseidon spy plane in Singapore this month, in a fresh response to China over its pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-singapore-southchinasea-idUSKBN0TQ2K720151208#vX4iuGDfd6exVztH.97)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/12/08/US-deploys-P-8-Poseidon-spy-plane-to-Singapore-amid-South-China-Sea-tensions/1341449581297/)

### Related:

1. [International reactions to Philippines v. China. China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-ve.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-wit.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
4. [China-United States relations. In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy-s freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/china-united-states-relations-in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China says it will "not stand for violations of its territorial waters in the name of freedom of navigation", following a statement from a Pentagon official, that the U.S. may consider sailing warships close to China's disputed artificial islands in the South China Sea within the next two weeks. ](/news/2015/10/9/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-says-it-will-not-stand-for-violations-of-its-territorial-waters-in-the-name-of-freedom-o.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The European Union sides with the United States over Tuesday's U.S.-Chinese patrolling incident in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-european-union-sides-with-the-united-states-over-tuesday-s-u-s-chinese-patrolling-incident.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-ad.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, United States_
