### [2015-12-8](/news/2015/12/8/index.md)

# U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. 

The United States is reviewing and seeking to confirm reports that Iran launched a ballistic missile last month in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-iran-missiles-usa-idUSKBN0TR2G920151208#ocJ78XwOvH0OsYvF.97)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334: The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, United Nations Security Council, United States_
2. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States, medium-range ballistic missile_
3. [Iran and weapons of mass destruction: Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/iran-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-o.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
4. [Nuclear program of Iran: The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, medium-range ballistic missile_
5. [Venezuela ends its rapprochement with the United States due to a statement by Samantha Power, nominated to become the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2013/07/20/venezuela-ends-its-rapprochement-with-the-united-states-due-to-a-statement-by-samantha-power-nominated-to-become-the-united-states-ambassad.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, United States_
6. [ Nuclear program of Iran: The United States is drafting a United Nations Security Council resolution calling for sanctions against Iran prior to discussions amongst the five permanent members. ](/news/2007/09/18/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-states-is-drafting-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-calling-for-sanctions-against-iran-prio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
7. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, United States_
8. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, United States_
10. [Syrian peace process: France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, United States_
