### [2003-04-3](/news/2003/04/3/index.md)

#  Dr. Julie Gerberding, a director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, states her concern that SARS threatens to become a global pandemic.




### Related:

1. [Researchers claim that the pandemic has reached a tipping point where the number of people receiving treatment in a year was greater than the number of new cases. ](/news/2014/12/1/researchers-claim-that-the-pandemic-has-reached-a-tipping-point-where-the-number-of-people-receiving-treatment-in-a-year-was-greater-than-th.md) _Context: pandemic_
2. ["BMJ" finds scientists behind World Health Organization advice on stockpiling of pandemic flu drugs had financial ties with companies which stood to profit. ](/news/2010/06/4/bmj-finds-scientists-behind-world-health-organization-advice-on-stockpiling-of-pandemic-flu-drugs-had-financial-ties-with-companies-which.md) _Context: pandemic_
3. [ 2009 swine flu outbreak: World Health Organisation Director-General Margaret Chan believes "on the surface of it" that a pandemic has been reached. She also said that "once I get indisputable evidence, I will make the announcement," and will meet with governments on Wednesday regarding reports about the outbreak. ](/news/2009/06/9/2009-swine-flu-outbreak-world-health-organisation-director-general-margaret-chan-believes-on-the-surface-of-it-that-a-pandemic-has-been.md) _Context: pandemic_
4. [ The United States Centers for Disease Control says that an infected mother can transmit HIV to her baby via pre-chewed food. ](/news/2008/02/6/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-says-that-an-infected-mother-can-transmit-hiv-to-her-baby-via-pre-chewed-food.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control_
5. [ In a conference organized by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, officials urge changes to be made in how poultry are raised in Southeast Asia to prevent a bird flu pandemic. ](/news/2005/02/26/in-a-conference-organized-by-the-un-food-and-agriculture-organization-officials-urge-changes-to-be-made-in-how-poultry-are-raised-in-south.md) _Context: pandemic_
6. [ WHO warns that there is a potential threat of a bird flu pandemic ](/news/2005/02/23/who-warns-that-there-is-a-potential-threat-of-a-bird-flu-pandemic.md) _Context: pandemic_
7. [ The director for the western region of the World Health Organization says that an influenza pandemic is inevitable and plans to combat it are needed urgently. (In 1918-20, the Spanish Flu killed up to 40 million people.) The new virus is likely to develop out of avian influenza. ](/news/2004/11/26/the-director-for-the-western-region-of-the-world-health-organization-says-that-an-influenza-pandemic-is-inevitable-and-plans-to-combat-it-a.md) _Context: pandemic_
8. [ Health officials in Thailand report that they have identified a likely case of human to human transmission of the H5N1 strain of avian influenza, although the World Health Organization says the transmission occurred only after prolonged contact between individuals. A more easily transmitted virus could potentially cause a worldwide flu pandemic on the level of the 1918 Spanish flu. ](/news/2004/09/28/health-officials-in-thailand-report-that-they-have-identified-a-likely-case-of-human-to-human-transmission-of-the-h5n1-strain-of-avian-infl.md) _Context: pandemic_
9. [ A Philippine lawyer who helped recover millions of dollars stashed by late dictator Ferdinand Marcos and a doctor who exposed China's SARS outbreak are among this year's winners of the Ramon Magsaysay Award, a prestigious prize in Asia. ](/news/2004/08/2/a-philippine-lawyer-who-helped-recover-millions-of-dollars-stashed-by-late-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-and-a-doctor-who-exposed-china-s-sars.md) _Context: SARS_
10. [ The U.S. Centers for Disease Control announce that three organ transplant recipients have died from rabies infection after receiving organs from a donor infected with the rabies virus. This is a medical rarity, as human rabies infections in the developed world are extremely rare. ](/news/2004/07/1/the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-announce-that-three-organ-transplant-recipients-have-died-from-rabies-infection-after-receiving-organs.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control_
