### [2006-09-3](/news/2006/09/3/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Egyptian daily "Al Akhbar" reports that three Palestinian terrorists are planning to carry out attacks on Israelis on holiday on Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://haaretz.com/hasen/spages/758146.html)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
2. [Arab-Israeli conflict:: Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arab-israeli-conflict-two-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
3. [An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. ](/news/2011/09/27/an-explosion-destroys-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-supplying-natural-gas-to-jordan-and-israel.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
4. [Rockets fired from Gaza, reportedly aiming for Israel, land in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt during the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. ](/news/2011/08/21/rockets-fired-from-gaza-reportedly-aiming-for-israel-land-in-the-sinai-peninsula-of-egypt-during-the-palestinian-israeli-conflict.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
5. [Saboteurs bomb an Egyptian pipeline at Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula delivering gas to Israel and Jordan. ](/news/2011/07/4/saboteurs-bomb-an-egyptian-pipeline-at-nagah-in-the-sinai-peninsula-delivering-gas-to-israel-and-jordan.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
6. [A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. ](/news/2010/08/2/a-jordanian-civilian-is-killed-and-three-others-are-wounded-as-a-grad-rocket-launched-from-the-sinai-hits-the-city-of-aqaba-four-other-rock.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestini.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian terrorist_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
