### [2017-01-25](/news/2017/01/25/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. 

President Trump announced Wednesday that he will be asking for a “major investigation” into alleged nationwide voter fraud – a day after his press secretary was grilled on Trump’s claims that 3-5 million people had voted illegally in November.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/25/politics/donald-trump-build-wall-immigration-executive-orders/index.html)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/25/trump-promises-major-investigation-into-alleged-voter-fraud.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-election-idUSKBN1591FP)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, president_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, president_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, president_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, president_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, president_
6. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
7. [Russia-United States relations. President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
8. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
9. [CNN controversies. CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
10. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
