### [2017-01-25](/news/2017/01/25/index.md)

# The Vatican City State announces that Pope Francis will name a Pontifical Delegate to head the Sovereign Military Order of Malta after Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing's unexpected forced resignation in a spat over condoms. 

Pope Francis will name his own man to run the Knights of Malta temporarily after the head of the ancient chivalric and charity institution resigned in the climax of a bitter dispute over sovereignty with the Vatican.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-pope-knights-idUSKBN159001)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis takes "de facto" control of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (the entity retains sovereignty under international law), forcing its leader Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing to resign. ](/news/2017/01/28/pope-francis-takes-de-facto-control-of-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-the-entity-retains-sovereignty-under-international-law-for.md) _Context: Grand Master, Matthew Festing, Pope Francis, Prince, Sovereign Military Order of Malta_
2. [Pope Francis, responding to rebel leader Rodrigo Londono's open letter asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group had inflicted on the country during his talk in Villavicencio, urges Colombians skeptical of the peace deal to be open to reconciliation. ](/news/2017/09/8/pope-francis-responding-to-rebel-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-s-open-letter-asking-for-forgiveness-for-the-suffering-the-group-had-inflicted-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
4. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: condoms_
5. [Pope Francis ousts conservative cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller. ](/news/2017/07/1/pope-francis-ousts-conservative-cardinal-gerhard-ludwig-ma1-4ller.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigenou.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [In a surprise appointment by Pope Francis, Bishop Anders Arborelius is the first ever person from Sweden to become a cardinal. ](/news/2017/05/21/in-a-surprise-appointment-by-pope-francis-bishop-anders-arborelius-is-the-first-ever-person-from-sweden-to-become-a-cardinal.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Pope Francis canonizes Jacinta and Francisco Marto, two of the three Ftima children who reported seeing the Virgin Mary in the spring and summer of 1917. The Martos, who died during the post-World War I international influenza pandemic, are the Catholic Church's youngest saints who did not die as martyrs. The other child, Lcia de Jesus dos Santos, survived until the year 2005, when she was 97 years old. ](/news/2017/05/13/pope-francis-canonizes-jacinta-and-francisco-marto-two-of-the-three-fatima-children-who-reported-seeing-the-virgin-mary-in-the-spring-and-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
