### [2017-01-25](/news/2017/01/25/index.md)

# United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. 

President Trump announced Wednesday that he will be asking for a “major investigation” into alleged nationwide voter fraud – a day after his press secretary was grilled on Trump’s claims that 3-5 million people had voted illegally in November.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/25/politics/donald-trump-build-wall-immigration-executive-orders/index.html)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/25/trump-promises-major-investigation-into-alleged-voter-fraud.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-election-idUSKBN1591FP)
3. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2017/01/25/0/0/694940094001_5297550731001_Does-evidence-support-investigation-into-voter-fraud.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
2. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
3. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access-pipelines.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-the-required-electoral-college-votes-to-be-se.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin-endorses-republican-party-presidential-can.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [ U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
