### [2005-03-17](/news/2005/03/17/index.md)

#  U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick.  Portman is subject to Senate confirmation.  (Reuters) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/BUSINESS/03/17/us.trade.rep.reut/]




### Related:

1. [ United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/united-states-senate-republicans-and-the-bush-administration-announce-an-agreement-on-interrogation-methods-and-the-trial-of-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Republican, United States Senate_
2. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman was confirmed by the United States Senate to be United States Trade Representative. ](/news/2005/04/29/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-was-confirmed-by-the-united-states-senate-to-be-united-states-trade-representative.md) _Context: Rob Portman, United States Senate, United States Trade Representative_
3. [U.S. Senator Bob Bennett, Republican from Utah, is ousted from his party's primary ballot at the state's Republican convention, meaning he will not have a chance for a fourth term. ](/news/2010/05/8/u-s-senator-bob-bennett-republican-from-utah-is-ousted-from-his-party-s-primary-ballot-at-the-state-s-republican-convention-meaning-he-w.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
4. [ The United States Senate votes to extend the powers of intelligence agents to eavesdrop on suspected terrorists in a victory for President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-extend-the-powers-of-intelligence-agents-to-eavesdrop-on-suspected-terrorists-in-a-victory-for-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
5. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
6. [ The 6th United States Circuit Court of Appeals in Ohio rejects a lawsuit against George W. Bush's domestic wiretapping  program, saying that the plaintiffs did not have the right to sue. ](/news/2007/07/6/the-6th-united-states-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-ohio-rejects-a-lawsuit-against-george-w-bush-s-domestic-wiretapping-program-saying-tha.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
7. [ US President George W. Bush nominates former deputy secretary of state Robert Zoellick as President of the World Bank. ](/news/2007/05/29/us-president-george-w-bush-nominates-former-deputy-secretary-of-state-robert-zoellick-as-president-of-the-world-bank.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Robert Zoellick_
8. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
9. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
10. [ The United States Senate votes 52-47 to approve a budget plan that aims to achieve a balanced budget within five years and aims to find offsets for tax cuts passed in President Bush's first term. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-senate-votes-52-47-to-approve-a-budget-plan-that-aims-to-achieve-a-balanced-budget-within-five-years-and-aims-to-find-off.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate_
