### [2005-05-10](/news/2005/05/10/index.md)

#  Canadian House of Commons opposition members of parliament pass a motion to instruct a house committee to call for the resignation of the government. The 153 votes of the Conservatives and Bloc Qubcois defeat the 150 votes of the Liberals and NDP due to three absences. Although the motion is classified as a procedural instruction to a committee and not a no confidence motion, the Tories and BQ call on the government to resign. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/05/10/confidence-vote050510.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Bloc Qubcois, Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's, New Democratic Party_
2. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: Bloc Qubcois, Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's, New Democratic Party_
3. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's, New Democratic Party_
4. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, no-confidence motion_
5. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
6. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
7. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
8. [Results from the 41st Canadian General Election give the Conservative Party of Canada a majority government while the NDP will form the Official Opposition for the first time in Canadian political history.](/news/2011/05/3/results-from-the-41st-canadian-general-election-give-the-conservative-party-of-canada-a-majority-government-while-the-ndp-will-form-the-offi.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, New Democratic Party_
9. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, no-confidence motion_
10. [The Canadian federal by-elections fills two vacant House seats in ridings for Manitoba and one in Ontario, resulting in one Conservative gain, one Conservative hold and one Liberal gain. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-canadian-federal-by-elections-fills-two-vacant-house-seats-in-ridings-for-manitoba-and-one-in-ontario-resulting-in-one-conservative-gai.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
