### [2010-03-29](/news/2010/03/29/index.md)

# Suicide bombers detonate two bombs at Moscow Metro stations Lubyanka and Park Kultury, killing at least 36 with the death toll expected to rise. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5g_9mcBnSXwPM4sqgAwywqSgfV9rAD9EO3JLG1)
2. [RIAN](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100329/158343715.html)
3. [RIA](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100329/158342465.html)
4. [Russia Today](http://www.rt.com/Top_News/2010-03-29/moscow-metro-blast-victims.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Jakarta bombings: Three police officers are killed in a suicide bombing at a bus station in Jatinegara, Jakarta. ](/news/2017/05/24/2017-jakarta-bombings-three-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-bus-station-in-jatinegara-jakarta.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
2. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-sui.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
3. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after his father's murder by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri. Qadri was executed on February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws-i.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. ](/news/2016/02/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-several-sangin-security-force-members-are-killed-by-taliban-suicide-attacks-using-captured-military-hu.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
6. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Sayyidah Zaynab bombings: At least 60 people are killed and 110 wounded in a twin-suicide bomb attack in the town of Sayyidah Zaynab, Rif Dimashq Governorate, near Syria's holiest Shi'ite shrine, the Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/01/31/syrian-civil-war-2016-sayyidah-zaynab-bombings-at-least-60-people-are-killed-and-110-wounded-in-a-twin-suicide-bomb-attack-in-the-town-of.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
7. [Syrian Civil War: A suicide bomb attack on a Syrian Army (SAA) checkpoint in the city of Homs kills at least 22 people, including around a dozen soldiers. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/01/26/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-syrian-army-saa-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-homs-kills-at-least-22-people-including-around-a-d.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A suicide-bomb attack outside the police chief's house in Aden, southern Yemen, leaves at least 7 people dead. ](/news/2016/01/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-police-chief-s-house-in-aden-southern-yemen-leaves-at-least-7-people.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
9. [Syrian Civil War: 2015 al-Qamishli bombings: Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/syrian-civil-war-2015-al-qamishli-bombings-several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restau.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
