### [2002-09-19](/news/2002/09/19/index.md)

#  An attempted coup by disaffected former soldiers of Cte d'Ivoire was put down, with the death of the alleged coup leader, General Robert Gu, a former military dictator of the country. Gu was killed when his car refused to stop at a roadblock in downtown Abidjan. Rebels continue in control of the cities of Bouak and Korhogo.




### Related:

1. [State television in Cte d'Ivoire goes off the air outside the capital Abidjan amid a political crisis. The Economic Community of West African States threatens to remove incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo by "legitimate force". ](/news/2010/12/24/state-television-in-cote-d-ivoire-goes-off-the-air-outside-the-capital-abidjan-amid-a-political-crisis-the-economic-community-of-west-afric.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire_
2. [At least 4 people are killed during an attack on an Abidjan office belonging to Cte d'Ivoire opposition leader Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2010/12/2/at-least-4-people-are-killed-during-an-attack-on-an-abidjan-office-belonging-to-cote-d-ivoire-opposition-leader-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire_
3. [ A stampede kills 22 people and injures at least 130 during a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. ](/news/2009/03/29/a-stampede-kills-22-people-and-injures-at-least-130-during-a-2010-fifa-world-cup-qualifying-match-in-abidjan-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire_
4. [ Cte d'Ivoire Prime Minister Charles Konan Banny dissolves his Cabinet after toxic waste was dumped in the city of Abidjan, making over 1,500 people ill and killing three. ](/news/2006/09/6/cote-d-ivoire-prime-minister-charles-konan-banny-dissolves-his-cabinet-after-toxic-waste-was-dumped-in-the-city-of-abidjan-making-over-1-5.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire_
5. [ In Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters who want France to withdraw its 3,800 peacekeepers so that the Christian and animist government of President Laurent Gbagbo in the south can march against Muslim rebel-held areas in the north. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3257264.stm][http://www.iht.com/articles/119994.html]](/news/2003/12/3/in-abidjan-cote-d-ivoire-police-fire-tear-gas-at-hundreds-of-protesters-who-want-france-to-withdraw-its-3-800-peacekeepers-so-that-the-ch.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire_
6. [Ivorian soldiers block access to Bouak, the second-largest city in Ivory Coast amid a dispute over pay. The town of Odienn is also reported to be under mutineer control. ](/news/2017/05/13/ivorian-soldiers-block-access-to-bouake-the-second-largest-city-in-ivory-coast-amid-a-dispute-over-pay-the-town-of-odienne-is-also-reporte.md) _Context: Bouak_
7. [2017 Ivory Coast mutiny: Ivory Coast president Alassane Ouattara reaches a deal with soldiers who seized the town of Bouake in a pay protest. The soldiers are seeking bonuses, pay rises and faster promotion. ](/news/2017/01/7/2017-ivory-coast-mutiny-ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-reaches-a-deal-with-soldiers-who-seized-the-town-of-bouake-in-a-pay-protest.md) _Context: Bouak_
8. [2015 Burkinab coup d'tat: Burkina Faso's cabinet dissolves the elite presidential guard behind last week's coup d'tat, creates a commission to investigate these events, and dismisses the minister in charge of security. ](/news/2015/09/25/2015-burkinabe-coup-d-etat-burkina-faso-s-cabinet-dissolves-the-elite-presidential-guard-behind-last-week-s-coup-d-etat-creates-a-commissi.md) _Context: coup d'tat_
9. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-minis.md) _Context: coup d'tat_
10. [Venezuelan police arrest the Opposition Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma without a warrant on the anniversary of the arrest of another opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez. The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro accused him of organizing a coup d'etat with the support of the United States but the US has denied this. ](/news/2015/02/19/venezuelan-police-arrest-the-opposition-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-without-a-warrant-on-the-anniversary-of-the-arrest-of-another-oppos.md) _Context: coup d'tat_
