### [2002-09-19](/news/2002/09/19/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After a suicide bomber kills 5 and wounds more than 60 on a bus next to Tel Aviv's Great Synagogue, Israeli troops, tanks, and bulldozers destroy buildings in Yasser Arafat's Ramallah headquarters.




### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops exchange gunfire with guards of Yasir Arafat in Ramallah. A suicide bomber identified as Shadi Tubasi, a resident of the refugee camp Jenin, kills 14 and wounds more than 40 in Haifa. Later, a suicide bomber wounds four members of an intensive-care unit, one critically, in a paramedics' dispatch station in Efrat. In the past 18 months, according to the Associated Press, 1262 people have been killed on the Palestinian side and on 401 on the Israeli side.](/news/2002/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-exchange-gunfire-with-guards-of-yasir-arafat-in-ramallah-a-suicide-bomber-identified-as-shadi.md) _Context: Ramallah, Yasser Arafat, suicide bomber_
2. [A Palestinian man from Ramallah threatens to blow up the Turkish embassy in Tel Aviv, Israel if not offered asylum, but is shot by security staff. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-palestinian-man-from-ramallah-threatens-to-blow-up-the-turkish-embassy-in-tel-aviv-israel-if-not-offered-asylum-but-is-shot-by-security.md) _Context: Ramallah, Tel Aviv_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli commander is suspended, pending a full inquiry, from his position following the deaths of two teenage cousins in Beit Lakia, near Ramallah, on May 4. ](/news/2005/05/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-commander-is-suspended-pending-a-full-inquiry-from-his-position-following-the-deaths-of-two-teen.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah_
5. [ A suicide bomber explodes himself at the entrance of the "Stage" club in Tel Aviv, killing at least 4 Israelis and wounding 38 more. Responsibility is reportedly claimed by Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2005/02/25/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-himself-at-the-entrance-of-the-stage-club-in-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-4-israelis-and-wounding-38-more-respon.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, suicide bomber_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills at least 8 Israelis and seriously wounds 15 others at a bus stop near Rishon LeZion. Several hours later this is followed by a second suicide bombing at a Jerusalem caf, in which 7 more people are killed and dozens are wounded.](/news/2003/09/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-8-israelis-and-seriously-wounds-15-others-at-a-bus-stop-near-rish.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel says that the United Nations resolution on Yasser Arafat (passed 133-4 with 15 abstentions) "is meaningless. It is only a declaration and not legally binding." Yasser Arafat states it is of the "utmost importance" as a sign of international support for the Palestinians. Israel states Palestinians should focus their energy on fighting terrorism. Israel also insists that a new government being formed by incoming Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia cut links to Arafat. Israel says Arafat is tainted by terrorism. Qureia's criticism of United States policy is the strongest sign yet he does not plan to challenge Arafat.](/news/2003/09/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-says-that-the-united-nations-resolution-on-yasser-arafat-passed-133a4-with-15-abstentions-is-mean.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ The Security Cabinet of Israel votes in principle to expel President of the Palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat from the West Bank. According to one source, the cabinet decided to ask the Israeli Defense Force to draw up a plan to expel Arafat. No timeline was specified, and Israeli government sources say that the decision was not to expel him immediately. The U.S. Department of States criticises such a move as "unhelpful". Thousands of Palestinians travel to the presidential compound in Ramallah to protest at the Israeli decision. Ahmed Qurei, Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority-designate, announces in response that he is halting efforts to form a government. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov states an international force may be needed to end spiraling violence in the Palestinian territories.](/news/2003/09/11/the-security-cabinet-of-israel-votes-in-principle-to-expel-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-yasser-arafat-from-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Ramallah, Yasser Arafat_
