### [2002-09-19](/news/2002/09/19/index.md)

#  U.S. plan to invade Iraq: The Bush administration pressures US Congress to pass a resolution giving Bush authority to use "all means he determines to be appropriate, including force" to oust Saddam Hussein and disarm Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Congressman_
4. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Iraq War. A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq.. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/iraq-war-a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-sate.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
7. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
8. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
9. [The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-confirms-it-has-spent-22-7-million-settling-claims-from-205-iraqis-alleging-abuse-by-british-troops-following-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
10. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
