### [2004-06-16](/news/2004/06/16/index.md)

#  The Diplomats and Military Commanders for Change, a group of 27 retired U.S. diplomats and military officers, publishes an open letter that states that U.S. President George W. Bush has so harmed international relations that only a new leader can repair them. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3810895.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/06/16/bush.criticism/)
3. [Newsweek](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/5227192/site/newsweek/)

### Related:

1. [ In an interview, U.S. President George W. Bush names No Child Left Behind as one of his most significant achievements and hopes to be remembered for the current situation in Iraq ](/news/2008/11/29/in-an-interview-u-s-president-george-w-bush-names-no-child-left-behind-as-one-of-his-most-significant-achievements-and-hopes-to-be-remem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush calls for a UN-backed action over Kosovo's independence despite Russian and Serbian opposition. ](/news/2007/06/9/u-s-president-george-w-bush-calls-for-a-un-backed-action-over-kosovo-s-independence-despite-russian-and-serbian-opposition.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
3. [ Iraq War: U.S. President George W. Bush meets with Democratic Party officials in Congress to try find ways to fund the Iraq War. ](/news/2007/05/2/iraq-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-democratic-party-officials-in-congress-to-try-find-ways-to-fund-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives passes House Concurrent Resolution 63; a non-binding resolution criticising U.S. President George W. Bush's Surge Plan in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-house-concurrent-resolution-63-a-non-binding-resolution-criticising-u-s-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
5. [ Democratic Party officials in the U.S. Congress have warned President Bush that he does not have the authority to go to war with Iran. ](/news/2007/02/15/democratic-party-officials-in-the-u-s-congress-have-warned-president-bush-that-he-does-not-have-the-authority-to-go-to-war-with-iran.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush criticises the disclosure of a program to monitor financial transactions by suspected terrorists as "disgraceful". White House Press Secretary Tony Snow also states that news organizations, including the "New York Times," should think if "the public's right to know, in some cases, might override somebody's right to live..." ](/news/2006/06/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-criticises-the-disclosure-of-a-program-to-monitor-financial-transactions-by-suspected-terrorists-as-disgrace.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes the Chinese President Hu Jintao at the White House. A Falun Gong protester--an accredited journalist from "The Epoch Times"--interrupts Hu's speech at the arrival ceremony before being removed by the Secret Service. The announcer violates protocol by accidentally calling the March of the Volunteers the "National Anthem of the Republic of China". ](/news/2006/04/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-welcomes-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao-at-the-white-house-a-falun-gong-protesteraan-accredited-journalis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
8. [ An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.](/news/2003/11/16/an-audio-tape-purportedly-from-saddam-hussein-airs-on-the-dubai-station-al-arabiya-the-cia-later-informs-that-it-is-probably-not-the-voi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
9. [ The Dixie Chicks pose nude on the cover of "Entertainment Weekly", with political slogans on their bodies, in response to their critics' reaction to lead singer Natalie Maines' derogatory remark against U.S. President George W. Bush.](/news/2003/04/24/the-dixie-chicks-pose-nude-on-the-cover-of-entertainment-weekly-with-political-slogans-on-their-bodies-in-response-to-their-critics-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
10. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: President_
