### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# A suicide bomber kills two policemen and a civilian, the second attack in four days for which the Taliban claims responsibility, while separately, three policemen are killed in a 'friendly fire' incident as US Vice President Joe Biden arrives for a visit in Afghanistan. 

Insurgents Monday staged the second suicide bombing in four days in a strategic border district in southern Afghanistan, signaling determination to open a new front in the battle with coalition...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-afghan-fighting-20110111,0,6328352.story)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/11/world/asia/11afghan.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): 2015 Bagram suicide bombing: A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, suicide bombing_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: At least 46 people are killed and more than 100 injured following an attack by Taliban militants armed with suicide vests on a courthouse in Farah, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/04/3/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-at-least-46-people-are-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-following-an-attack-by-taliban-militants-armed.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, suicide bombing_
3. [The Taliban sends a 12-year-old boy as a suicide bomber in a new wave of attacks that kills four civilians, in one of several attacks across Afghanistan that kills at least seven people. ](/news/2011/05/2/the-taliban-sends-a-12-year-old-boy-as-a-suicide-bomber-in-a-new-wave-of-attacks-that-kills-four-civilians-in-one-of-several-attacks-across.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, suicide bombing_
4. [A suicide bomber kills 17 people and wounds at least 20 others in a public bathhouse in Kandahar province, Afghanistan; the Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2011/01/7/a-suicide-bomber-kills-17-people-and-wounds-at-least-20-others-in-a-public-bathhouse-in-kandahar-province-afghanistan-the-taliban-claims-r.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, suicide bombing_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
7. [2017 Camp Shaheen attack: The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-camp-shaheen-attack-the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-sha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Camp Shaheen attack: Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
