### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega moves to secure the Brazilian real amid concerns expressed in the "Financial Times" of currency manipulation by the United States, China and others. 

Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega says the world is on course for a trade war because of currency manipulation.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-12148841)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, reais_
2. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian police arrest former Finance Minister Guido Mantega as part of an ongoing probe into corruption. ](/news/2016/09/22/operation-car-wash-brazilian-police-arrest-former-finance-minister-guido-mantega-as-part-of-an-ongoing-probe-into-corruption.md) _Context: Finance Minister, Guido Mantega_
3. [A UBS whistle blower is assisting the government of Brazil in its investigation of currency manipulation by global banks, according to a Brazilian paper. ](/news/2015/07/3/a-ubs-whistle-blower-is-assisting-the-government-of-brazil-in-its-investigation-of-currency-manipulation-by-global-banks-according-to-a-bra.md) _Context: Brazil, currency manipulation_
4. [ Banco Central robbery at Fortaleza: In Fortaleza, Ceara, Brazil, an estimated 156 million reais was discovered to be stolen over the weekend in one of the world's largest bank robberies. ](/news/2005/08/8/banco-central-robbery-at-fortaleza-in-fortaleza-ceara-brazil-an-estimated-156-million-reais-was-discovered-to-be-stolen-over-the-weeke.md) _Context: Brazil, reais_
5. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:. The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4720979.stm (BBC)]. Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Financial Times_
6. [Foreign trade of the United States. Robert Lighthizer sends a document to U.S. lawmakers outlining the Trump Administration's priorities for renegotiating NAFTA, including lower trade deficits and efforts to deter currency manipulation. ](/news/2017/07/17/foreign-trade-of-the-united-states-robert-lighthizer-sends-a-document-to-u-s-lawmakers-outlining-the-trump-administration-s-priorities-for.md) _Context: currency manipulation_
7. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
