### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# Interpol places 47 Saudis on its most-wanted list after Saudi Arabia accuses them of involvement in the Al-Qaeda terror network. 

Riyadh, Jan 9 (DPA) Saudi Arabia announced Sunday that it has given international policing agency Interpol the names of 47 suspected Saudi terrorists...


### Source:

1. [Sify](http://www.sify.com/news/saudi-arabia-gives-names-of-47-terror-suspects-to-interpol-news-international-lbjuancefba.html)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Headlines/Article.aspx?id=203022)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01/10/AR2011011003371.html)

### Related:

1. [Nine people go on trial charged with terrorism and links to al-Qaeda in Belgium. ](/news/2010/03/8/nine-people-go-on-trial-charged-with-terrorism-and-links-to-al-qaeda-in-belgium.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
2. [ Rangzieb Ahmed, the highest-ranked al-Qaeda operative in the United Kingdom, becomes the first person convicted of the charge of directing terrorism. ](/news/2008/12/19/rangzieb-ahmed-the-highest-ranked-al-qaeda-operative-in-the-united-kingdom-becomes-the-first-person-convicted-of-the-charge-of-directing.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
3. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
4. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
5. [ The Islamic Commission of Spain, that country's largest Muslim group, issues a fatwa against al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Ladin, ruling that his actions have made him an apostate, that he should not be regarded as a Muslim, and that his claim that the Qur'an justifies his terrorist actions constitutes istihlal, the sin of making up one's own law. It is claimed to be the first fatwa to be pronounced against Bin Ladin, and to have the tacit support of Muslim leaders in several Islamic countries. ](/news/2005/03/10/the-islamic-commission-of-spain-that-country-s-largest-muslim-group-issues-a-fatwa-against-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-ladin-ruling-that-h.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
6. [ September 11, 2001 attacks: A previously unreleased portion of the 9/11 Commission's report details that the Federal Aviation Administration received 52 intelligence reports on potential terrorist attacks by al-Qaeda before September 11, 2001. ](/news/2005/02/10/september-11-2001-attacks-a-previously-unreleased-portion-of-the-9-11-commission-s-report-details-that-the-federal-aviation-administratio.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
7. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
8. [ War on Terrorism: A terrorism expert with access to intelligence on Al-Qaeda says the group wants to launch a catastrophic attack in the United States.](/news/2003/11/28/war-on-terrorism-a-terrorism-expert-with-access-to-intelligence-on-al-qaeda-says-the-group-wants-to-launch-a-catastrophic-attack-in-the-un.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
9. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
