### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# Palestinians fire three rockets from Gaza, landing in Israel's Ashkelon region, shortly after IDF soldiers kill a 65 year old farmer for unknown reasons, and bomb two sites in the Gaza Strip. 

Attack comes shortly after Palestinians report 65-year-old farmer shot to death by IDF soldiers near security fence &#39;for no apparent reason.&#39; One rocket lands in city&#39;s industrial zone; another Qassam lands in western Negev; no injuries reported 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/three-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strike-ashkelon-region-1.336250?localLinksEnabled=false)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/NationalNews/Article.aspx?id=202987)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4011773,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel: A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-w.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel: For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-repor.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [Gaza-Israel conflict:: Five people are injured on the Gaza Strip in an Israel Air Force raid following Palestinian militants firing a rocket towards Ashkelon. ](/news/2014/01/16/gaza-israel-conflict-five-people-are-injured-on-the-gaza-strip-in-an-israel-air-force-raid-following-palestinian-militants-firing-a-rock.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
7. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [At least 12 Palestinians, including 3 civilians, are killed by Israeli air strikes in Gaza in response to numerous mortar and rocket attacks. ](/news/2011/04/8/at-least-12-palestinians-including-3-civilians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-in-response-to-numerous-mortar-and-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel_
