### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez responds to criticism from Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza by saying the OAS is interfering in the country's internal affairs and referring to Insulza as a "spokesman of the empire" during a radio address. 

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez accuses the OAS of interference after its secretary general condemned a law giving him special powers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12147834)

### Related:

1. [ Speaking in Lima's "El Comercio" in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan Garcia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". ](/news/2009/09/1/speaking-in-lima-s-el-comercio-in-response-to-some-ironic-quotes-by-peruvian-president-alan-garcaa-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sa.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United States, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United States, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [Return of Hugo Chavez:. President Hugo Chavez returns to Venezuela after undergoing surgery for cancer in Cuba. ](/news/2011/07/4/return-of-hugo-cha-vez-president-hugo-cha-vez-returns-to-venezuela-after-undergoing-surgery-for-cancer-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [The Venezuelan parliament temporarily grants more powers to President Hugo Chavez in the wake of recent flooding, allowing him to pass laws by decree without the support of the National Assembly.](/news/2010/12/18/the-venezuelan-parliament-temporarily-grants-more-powers-to-president-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-wake-of-recent-flooding-allowing-him-to-pass-laws.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announces plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to eighteen months, amid concern from the opposition. ](/news/2010/12/14/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-announces-plans-to-pass-laws-by-decree-for-the-next-six-to-eighteen-months-amid-concern-from-the-oppositi.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez orders a review of Venezuela's ties with the Vatican following tensions between the government and Roman Catholic bishops. ](/news/2010/07/15/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-orders-a-review-of-venezuela-s-ties-with-the-vatican-following-tensions-between-the-government-and-roman.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
8. [Venezuelan authorities issue an arrest warrant for the head of Globovision, the country's only remaining independent television station which criticises President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2010/06/13/venezuelan-authorities-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-the-head-of-globovisia3n-the-country-s-only-remaining-independent-television-station-whi.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [ Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sign eight accords in Caracas following the weekend's second ASA summit. ](/news/2009/09/28/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sign-eight-accords-in-caracas-following-the-weekend-s-second-asa-sum.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
10. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announces that China is to invest 16 billion US dollars to boost oil production in the country particularly along the Orinoco River as part of a strategy to reduce dependence on the US market. ](/news/2009/09/16/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-china-is-to-invest-16-billion-us-dollars-to-boost-oil-production-in-the-country-particular.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
