### [2011-01-10](/news/2011/01/10/index.md)

# War in North-West Pakistan:. Tens of thousands of people rally in Karachi, Pakistan to demand the release of Mumtaz Qadri, charged with killing Salman Taseer, the provincial governor of Punjab who had campaigned to amend the country's blasphemy laws. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/thousands-rally-for-bodyguard-accused-of-governors-killing/story-e6frg6so-1225984917983)

### Related:

1. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Mumtaz Qadri, Pakistan, Punjab_
2. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Mumtaz Qadri, Pakistan, Punjab_
3. [Pakistani authorities hang Mumtaz Qadri for his role in the murder of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011. ](/news/2016/02/29/pakistani-authorities-hang-mumtaz-qadri-for-his-role-in-the-murder-of-reformist-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-in-2011.md) _Context: Mumtaz Qadri, Pakistan, Punjab_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan. Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan. At least six people are killed in a bomb blast in the Pakistani city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/02/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan. Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/war-in-north-west-pakistan-two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people.md) _Context: Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
