### [2010-08-17](/news/2010/08/17/index.md)

# Former Israeli soldier Eden Aberjil is criticized for her Facebook images of herself smiling with blindfolded and bound Palestinian prisoners. 

A former Israeli soldier is criticised for posting images of herself on Facebook posing with bound Palestinian prisoners.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10994668)

### Related:

1. [Bradford West MP Naz Shah is suspended from the opposition Labour Party over comments she made on Facebook about Israel. ](/news/2016/04/27/bradford-west-mp-naz-shah-is-suspended-from-the-opposition-labour-party-over-comments-she-made-on-facebook-about-israel.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Israel_
2. [An Israeli raid on the West Bank is aborted after a soldier posts the following secret details on Facebook: "On Wednesday we are cleaning Qatanna, and on Thursday, God willing, going home". ](/news/2010/03/3/an-israeli-raid-on-the-west-bank-is-aborted-after-a-soldier-posts-the-following-secret-details-on-facebook-on-wednesday-we-are-cleaning-qa.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Israel_
3. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc._
