### [2010-08-17](/news/2010/08/17/index.md)

# Hezbollah states it has passed on evidence said to implicate Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri. 

Hezbollah hands a tribunal what it claims is evidence of Israeli involvement in the murder of ex-Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11007231)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
2. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
3. [The Special Tribunal for Lebanon publishes an indictment against Hezbollah members accused in the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2011/08/17/the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-publishes-an-indictment-against-hezbollah-members-accused-in-the-2005-assassination-of-lebanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
4. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister_
5. [Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah suggests Israel carried out the 2005 assassination of ex-Lebanese PM Rafic Hariri, and promises he will show proof at a press conference next week. ](/news/2010/08/3/sheikh-hassan-nasrallah-suggests-israel-carried-out-the-2005-assassination-of-ex-lebanese-pm-rafic-hariri-and-promises-he-will-show-proof-a.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
6. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict. Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
10. [A Hezbollah official Hassan al-Lakkis is assassinated outside his home in Hadath, south of the Lebanese capital Beirut with Hezbollah blaming Israel. ](/news/2013/12/4/a-hezbollah-official-hassan-al-lakkis-is-assassinated-outside-his-home-in-hadath-south-of-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-with-hezbollah-blamin.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
