### [2010-08-17](/news/2010/08/17/index.md)

# The United States confirms the existence of videotapes - found under a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) desk - of the alleged 2002 interrogation of a suspect the country had detained at a secret prison. 

US officials confirm the existence of videotapes of the 2002 interrogation of an alleged 9/11 plotter, reportedly at a secret prison.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11002399)
2. [The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2010/aug/18/barack-obama-war-criminal/)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
2. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
4. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
5. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
6. [The United States Central Intelligence Agency website and Alabama state websites go down with reports that Anonymous is responsible. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-website-and-alabama-state-websites-go-down-with-reports-that-anonymous-is-responsible.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
7. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
8. [The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) both sue the United States (US) after it bans lawyers from a case taken by the father of Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which has labelled him a "specially designated global terrorist". ](/news/2010/08/3/the-american-civil-liberties-union-aclu-and-the-center-for-constitutional-rights-ccr-both-sue-the-united-states-us-after-it-bans-lawye.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
9. ["The New York Times" claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-united-s.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
10. [Iran passes on to Tehran's Swiss embassy what it describes as evidence proving that the United States Central Intelligence Agency abducted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri. ](/news/2010/07/4/iran-passes-on-to-tehran-s-swiss-embassy-what-it-describes-as-evidence-proving-that-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-abducted-i.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
