### [2010-08-17](/news/2010/08/17/index.md)

# Tornado has swept threw south western part of Lithuania, near city of Rusne [http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/lithuania/virs-rusnes-prauze-viesulas.d?id=35586121 (Delfi)].




### Related:

1. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: tornado_
2. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: tornado_
3. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Lithuania_
4. [Voters in Lithuania vote to elect representatives for the 141-seat parliament. ](/news/2016/10/9/voters-in-lithuania-vote-to-elect-representatives-for-the-141-seat-parliament.md) _Context: Lithuania_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Lithuania_
6. [A tornado, accompanied by heavy rainfall and hailstones, kills at least 98 people and injures 800 in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu ](/news/2016/06/23/a-tornado-accompanied-by-heavy-rainfall-and-hailstones-kills-at-least-98-people-and-injures-800-in-the-eastern-chinese-province-of-jiangsu.md) _Context: tornado_
7. [A severe thunderstorm and tornado near Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China, kills at least 98 people. See 2016 Jiangsu tornado. ](/news/2016/06/22/a-severe-thunderstorm-and-tornado-near-yancheng-jiangsu-province-china-kills-at-least-98-people-see-2016-jiangsu-tornado.md) _Context: tornado_
8. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Lithuania_
9. [The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-baltic.md) _Context: Lithuania_
10. [Violent storms cause floods across Uruguay with seven people killed and more than 2,000 left homeless. Four of those were killed by a tornado that struck Dolores. Four million people in the Chilean capital of Santiago were left without tap water as heavy rains triggered landslides. This led to the fouling of the city's water supply. ](/news/2016/04/18/violent-storms-cause-floods-across-uruguay-with-seven-people-killed-and-more-than-2-000-left-homeless-four-of-those-were-killed-by-a-tornad.md) _Context: tornado_
