### [2009-10-13](/news/2009/10/13/index.md)

#  A Russian court rejects a libel suit by Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, the grandson of Joseph Stalin, who claimed the "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper lied about Stalin personally signing death warrants. 

Josef Stalin&#039;s grandson has lost a bizarre legal case he hoped would rehabilitate the Soviet dictator&#039;s murderous reputation posthumously.


### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/society/20091013/156455944.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/6319755/Josef-Stalins-grandson-loses-legal-attempt-at-rehabilitating-Soviet-dictators-reputation.html)

### Related:

1. [ Yevgeny Dzhugashvili launches a court action claiming the "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper has defamed his grandfather, Joseph Stalin. ](/news/2009/10/8/yevgeny-dzhugashvili-launches-a-court-action-claiming-the-novaya-gazeta-newspaper-has-defamed-his-grandfather-joseph-stalin.md) _Context: Joseph Stalin, Novaya Gazeta, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili_
2. [LGBT rights in Russia: Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains -absolute lies and disinformation- since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/lgbt-rights-in-russia-russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figure.md) _Context: Novaya Gazeta, Russia_
3. [Russian businessman Vasily Bukhtienko, who established a Joseph Stalin museum in Volgograd, is beat to death by electric shocks. ](/news/2010/04/30/russian-businessman-vasily-bukhtienko-who-established-a-joseph-stalin-museum-in-volgograd-is-beat-to-death-by-electric-shocks.md) _Context: Joseph Stalin, Russia_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [2017 disasters in Russia: At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-disasters-in-russia-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Earthquakes in 2017: A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Russia_
