### [2012-04-12](/news/2012/04/12/index.md)

# Transport chiefs in London ban a bus advert which suggested gay people could be cured. 




### Source:

1. [Evening Standard](http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/panewsfeeds/gay-cure-bus-advert-is-banned-7640605.html?origin=internalSearch)

### Related:

1. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
2. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: gay_
3. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the  Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: gay_
4. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
5. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
6. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
7. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
9. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
10. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
