### [2013-07-23](/news/2013/07/23/index.md)

# A New York nuclear power plant supervisor is charged with falsifying test results involving emergency generators to prevent the plant from being shut down. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/07/23/19643670-ex-supervisor-at-indian-point-nuclear-plant-charged-with-falsifying-test-reports?lite=)

### Related:

1. [Economy of the United States. New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: New York State_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: New York State_
3. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State_
4. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
5. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [2017 Brooklyn train crash. A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/2017-brooklyn-train-crash-a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injur.md) _Context: New York State_
7. [Gunshots are fired in Crossgates Mall in Guilderland, New York. Police report the mall has been cleared; they are looking for one suspect. ](/news/2016/11/12/gunshots-are-fired-in-crossgates-mall-in-guilderland-new-york-police-report-the-mall-has-been-cleared-they-are-looking-for-one-suspect.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [A crane collapses across the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York. No vehicles are hit, but several contractors suffer minor injuries. ](/news/2016/07/19/a-crane-collapses-across-the-tappan-zee-bridge-in-new-york-no-vehicles-are-hit-but-several-contractors-suffer-minor-injuries.md) _Context: New York State_
9. [Gun politics in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: New York State_
10. [Belgium is to provide iodine pills to all its citizens, around 11 million people, to protect against radioactivity in the event of a nuclear accident at either of Belgium's ageing nuclear power plants, the Tihange Nuclear Power Station and Doel Nuclear Power Station, according to Health Minister Maggie De Block. Germany has recently called for the Belgian government to close the nuclear power plants over safety fears. ](/news/2016/04/28/belgium-is-to-provide-iodine-pills-to-all-its-citizens-around-11-million-people-to-protect-against-radioactivity-in-the-event-of-a-nuclear.md) _Context: nuclear power plants_
