### [2013-07-23](/news/2013/07/23/index.md)

# Hercules 264, a Gulf of Mexico natural gas drilling rig, partially collapses off the coast of Louisiana after catching fire. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/07/24/19652537-gulf-rig-partially-collapses-as-fire-rages)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/PR-CO-20130724-913628.html)

### Related:

1. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
2. [Two people are missing and at least 4 are injured after an oil rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico, near Louisiana. ](/news/2012/11/16/two-people-are-missing-and-at-least-4-are-injured-after-an-oil-rig-exploded-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-near-louisiana.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
3. [2012 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Debby forms in the Gulf of Mexico with a warning issued for the US state of Louisiana. This is the first time since 1851 that four storms have formed before July. ](/news/2012/06/23/2012-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-debby-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-with-a-warning-issued-for-the-us-state-of-louisiana-this-i.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
4. [The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the "Deepwater Horizon" drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/the-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-reaches-the-louisiana-coast.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
5. [Transocean oil platform "Deepwater Horizon" sinks into the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana after an explosion two days earlier that injured 7, with 11 still missing. ](/news/2010/04/22/transocean-oil-platform-deepwater-horizon-sinks-into-the-gulf-of-mexico-off-the-coast-of-louisiana-after-an-explosion-two-days-earlier-tha.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
6. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
