### [2013-07-23](/news/2013/07/23/index.md)

# The "Cyclospora" parasite sickens more than 250 people in the Midwestern United States as the result of contamination of fresh produce shipped across state lines. The CDC report that eight people have been hospitalized with cyclosporiasis. 

More than 250 people have been sickened, mostly in the Midwest, by a rare parasite that may have contaminated fresh produce shipped across state lines, said federal health officials, who’ve stepped in to help coordinate the growing outbreak. At least 118 cases of cyclospora infection have been reported in Iowa, another 65 in Texas and 68 in Nebraska, state officials said.


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/parasite-sickens-250-midwest-fresh-produce-suspected-6C10709186)
1. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/streams/2013/july/130722/6c8352781-130722-parasite-4p.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: midwestern_
2. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
3. [Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic-of-cholera-in-recent-history-f.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
4. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united-states-are-infected-with-the-zika-vir.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
5. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-united-states-an-elderly-man-in-puerto-ri.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
6. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth-defects-like-microcephaly.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
7. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: midwestern_
8. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
9. [The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issues final recommendations urging doctors to try something besides an opioid when first treating pain, and if an opioid drug, such as hydrocodone or oxycodone, is the best choice, start with the lowest possible dose. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-issues-final-recommendations-urging-doctors-to-try-something-besides-an-opioid-when-firs.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
10. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider-n.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
