### [2001-07-13](/news/2001/07/13/index.md)

#  The International Olympic Committee session in Moscow, Russia. Beijing wins the bid as the host city for the 2008 Summer Olympics.




### Related:

1. [50-year-old Chinese journalist Li Junqi is imprisoned for 16 years after accepting bribes for his part in a mass three-month cover-up of a coal mine disaster in Hebei in which 35 people, including a rescue worker, were killed prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. ](/news/2010/01/6/50-year-old-chinese-journalist-li-junqi-is-imprisoned-for-16-years-after-accepting-bribes-for-his-part-in-a-mass-three-month-cover-up-of-a-c.md) _Context: Beijing, Beijing Olympiad_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, on his way to Beijing to attend the Olympics, stops in South Korea and Thailand. ](/news/2008/08/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-on-his-way-to-beijing-to-attend-the-olympics-stops-in-south-korea-and-thailand.md) _Context: Beijing, Beijing Olympiad_
3. [ 2008 Summer Olympics: The International Olympic Committee and the Beijing Organizing Committee reach an agreement on Internet access for the 2008 Olympic Games. ](/news/2008/08/1/2008-summer-olympics-p-the-international-olympic-committee-and-the-beijing-organizing-committee-reach-an-agreement-on-internet-access-for-t.md) _Context: Beijing Olympiad, International Olympic Committee_
4. [ The International Olympic Committee lifts its ban on Iraqi athletes participating in the Beijing Olympics following assurances from the Government of Iraq about the independence of the Iraqi Olympic Committee. ](/news/2008/07/29/the-international-olympic-committee-lifts-its-ban-on-iraqi-athletes-participating-in-the-beijing-olympics-following-assurances-from-the-gov.md) _Context: Beijing Olympiad, International Olympic Committee_
5. [ Beijing introduces traffic restrictions and factory closures in an effort to reduce air pollution for the 2008 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2008/07/20/beijing-introduces-traffic-restrictions-and-factory-closures-in-an-effort-to-reduce-air-pollution-for-the-2008-summer-olympics.md) _Context: Beijing, Beijing Olympiad_
6. [ Chinese restaurants in Beijing are told not to serve dog meat during 2008 Summer Olympics, but can continue to serve Donkey meat ](/news/2008/07/11/chinese-restaurants-in-beijing-are-told-not-to-serve-dog-meat-during-2008-summer-olympics-but-can-continue-to-serve-donkey-meat.md) _Context: Beijing, Beijing Olympiad_
7. [ French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner says the EU should consider punishing China's crackdown in Tibet with a boycott of the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Beijing. ](/news/2008/03/18/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-says-the-eu-should-consider-punishing-china-s-crackdown-in-tibet-with-a-boycott-of-the-opening-cer.md) _Context: Beijing, Beijing Olympiad_
8. [Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russia-after-t.md) _Context: Moscow_
9. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
