### [2005-05-27](/news/2005/05/27/index.md)

#  The 148 members of the World Trade Organization officially appoint the former European Union Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, as its 5th Director-General. 




### Source:

1. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/english/2005-05-26-voa83.cfm)
2. [WTO official website](http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/pres05_e/pr407_e.htm)

### Related:

1. [The World Trade Organization advised that Roberto Azevedo of Brazil will be the next Director-General effective September 1, 2013. The formal announcement will be made following a special meeting of the General Council on Tuesday,  May 14, 2013. ](/news/2013/05/8/the-world-trade-organization-advised-that-roberto-azevaado-of-brazil-will-be-the-next-director-general-effective-september-1-2013-the-form.md) _Context: Director-General, World Trade Organization_
2. [ Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/07/27/canada-challenges-the-seal-ban-of-the-european-union-at-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
3. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
4. [ The Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization opened in Hong Kong. European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said that he expected little progress on resolving disagreements between ministers. Meanwhile, some protesters from South Korea unsuccessfully attempted to bypass the cordon to reach the location of the conference by swimming across Victoria Harbour. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-sixth-ministerial-conference-of-the-world-trade-organization-opened-in-hong-kong-european-union-trade-commissioner-peter-mandelson-sai.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
5. [ French official Pascal Lamy, former trade commissioner for European Union, is expected to be appointed as ahead of the World Trade Organisation. He will assume the post in September. ](/news/2005/05/26/french-official-pascal-lamy-former-trade-commissioner-for-european-union-is-expected-to-be-appointed-as-ahead-of-the-world-trade-organisa.md) _Context: European Union, Pascal Lamy_
6. [ Canada and European Union plan to impose a 15% tariff on some US exports because Washington has not repealed anti-dumping law the Byrd Amendment. World Trade Organization declared the law illegal last August. The products include paper, cigarettes, oysters and live swine  ](/news/2005/03/31/canada-and-european-union-plan-to-impose-a-15-tariff-on-some-us-exports-because-washington-has-not-repealed-anti-dumping-law-the-byrd-amen.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
7. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: European Union, World Trade Organization_
8. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: World Trade Organization_
9. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union_
