### [2007-08-4](/news/2007/08/4/index.md)

#  A vehicle with Florida license plates driven by men of Middle Eastern origin is stopped by police in Goose Creek, South Carolina, and found to be carrying explosive devices. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abcnews4.com/news/stories/0807/444994.html)

### Related:

1. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
2. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
3. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
4. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida_
5. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [Circuit Court Judge Debra Nelson in Seminole County, Florida, sentences Matthew Apperson, convicted by a jury last month of second-degree attempted murder, to 20 years in prison for shooting at George Zimmerman, who had shot and killed unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in February 2012. ](/news/2016/10/17/circuit-court-judge-debra-nelson-in-seminole-county-florida-sentences-matthew-apperson-convicted-by-a-jury-last-month-of-second-degree-at.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [New Frontiers program The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-pthe-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: Florida_
