### [2007-08-4](/news/2007/08/4/index.md)

#  Oakland police claim that a 19-year-old man has confessed to the murder of Chauncey Bailey, the editor of "The Oakland Post". 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/US/08/04/journalist.slain/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

### Related:

1. [ Raids at the Your Black Muslim Bakery in Oakland, California allegedly produces evidence that links the bakery to the murder of Chauncey Bailey, editor of "The Oakland Post", and two other people. ](/news/2007/08/3/raids-at-the-your-black-muslim-bakery-in-oakland-california-allegedly-produces-evidence-that-links-the-bakery-to-the-murder-of-chauncey-ba.md) _Context: Chauncey Bailey, Oakland, California, The Oakland Post_
2. [ In Oakland, California, police fired rubber bullets and beanbags at anti-war protesters and dockworkers outside the Port, injuring at least a dozen demonstrators and six longshoremen standing nearby. Most of the 500 demonstrators were dispersed peacefully, but a crowd of demonstrators was blocking traffic on private property near the port and fail to disperse after police warnings. Oakland Police Chief said demonstrators also threw objects and bolts at them, and said the use of weapons was necessary to disperse the crowd. He indicated non-lethal projectiles were used to respond to direct illegal action. The longshoremen were caught in the crossfire. A dockworker spokesman reported Police gave two minutes to disperse, then did not move to arrest people, instead they opened fire. Demonstrators also claim though the rubber bullets were supposed to be shot at the ground, the Police took direct aim at them. Oakland police said 31 people were arrested at the port.](/news/2003/04/7/in-oakland-california-police-fired-rubber-bullets-and-beanbags-at-anti-war-protesters-and-dockworkers-outside-the-port-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: Oakland, California, police_
3. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
4. [Two members of funk band Tower of Power are seriously injured after being struck by a train near Jack London Square in Oakland, California.](/news/2017/01/12/two-members-of-funk-band-tower-of-power-are-seriously-injured-after-being-struck-by-a-train-near-jack-london-square-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
5. [The confirmed death toll in Friday night's warehouse fire in Oakland, California rises to 33 with several people still missing. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-confirmed-death-toll-in-friday-night-s-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california-rises-to-33-with-several-people-still-missing.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
6. [Recovery efforts continue in the US city of Oakland, California, after a fire at a music party in a converted warehouse kills at least nine people with dozens missing. ](/news/2016/12/3/recovery-efforts-continue-in-the-us-city-of-oakland-california-after-a-fire-at-a-music-party-in-a-converted-warehouse-kills-at-least-nine.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
7. [At least nine people are killed and 40 are missing in a warehouse fire in Oakland, California. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-40-are-missing-in-a-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
8. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
9. [Asiana Airlines says they will sue Oakland, California television station KTVU for defamation after the station reported the wrong names of the pilots of Asiana Airlines Flight 214. ](/news/2013/07/15/asiana-airlines-says-they-will-sue-oakland-california-television-station-ktvu-for-defamation-after-the-station-reported-the-wrong-names-of.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
10. [A shooting occurs in Manchester, Illinois, United States, leaving 5 dead and another injured. The suspect is then killed in a gunfight with police. ](/news/2013/04/24/a-shooting-occurs-in-manchester-illinois-united-states-leaving-5-dead-and-another-injured-the-suspect-is-then-killed-in-a-gunfight-with.md) _Context: police_
