### [2007-08-4](/news/2007/08/4/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown holds an emergency COBRA cabinet meeting to discuss an outbreak of foot and mouth disease on a farm in Surrey, England. The foot and mouth strain has been identified as a rare strain used at the nearby Institute for Animal Health at Pirbright. 

Britain tried to contain an outbreak of highly infectious foot and mouth on Saturday, culling cattle at a farm outside London to prevent a repeat of the ruinous damage caused by the disease six years ago.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6931639.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSL037131720070804?feedType=RSS)

### Related:

1. [ Tests confirm a second outbreak of foot and mouth disease in Surrey, England. Inspectors think that there is a "strong probability" that the disease came from a research site at Pirbright shared by Merial, a vaccine company and the Institute for Animal Health. ](/news/2007/08/7/tests-confirm-a-second-outbreak-of-foot-and-mouth-disease-in-surrey-england-inspectors-think-that-there-is-a-strong-probability-that-th.md) _Context: England, Pirbright, Surrey, foot and mouth_
2. [ Gordon Brown, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, holds an Emergency Cabinet meeting to discuss floods with the British Army called in to help in the worst affected areas of England and Wales. ](/news/2007/07/22/gordon-brown-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-holds-an-emergency-cabinet-meeting-to-discuss-floods-with-the-british-army-called-i.md) _Context: England, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, forming a government_
3. [ A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.md) _Context: COBRA, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
4. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
5. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
6. [Exiled Russian business oligarch Boris Berezovsky is found dead at his home in Surrey, England. ](/news/2013/03/23/exiled-russian-business-oligarch-boris-berezovsky-is-found-dead-at-his-home-in-surrey-england.md) _Context: England, Surrey_
7. [Britain's top GCHQ code-breakers say they are stumped by a secret code found on the leg of a dead pigeon that was found in a chimney in Surrey, England, with a message from World War II attached. ](/news/2012/11/23/britain-s-top-gchq-code-breakers-say-they-are-stumped-by-a-secret-code-found-on-the-leg-of-a-dead-pigeon-that-was-found-in-a-chimney-in-surr.md) _Context: England, Surrey_
8. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
9. [The Metropolitan Police in London, England launch an investigation into the death of reggae musician Smiley Culture in a police raid in Surrey. ](/news/2011/03/15/the-metropolitan-police-in-london-england-launch-an-investigation-into-the-death-of-reggae-musician-smiley-culture-in-a-police-raid-in-surr.md) _Context: England, Surrey_
10. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
