### [2007-08-4](/news/2007/08/4/index.md)

#  United States forces claim that they have killed Haitham al-Badri, the leader of al-Qaeda in Salahuddin province in Iraq and believed to be the man responsible for the bombing of the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra in June. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSL0430872520070804?feedType=RSS)

### Related:

1. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., al-Qaeda_
2. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., al-Qaeda_
3. [ War in Iraq: United States troops in Iraq launch an offensive against Al Qaeda-linked Sunni militants and alleged Iranian linked Shiite militants. ](/news/2007/08/13/war-in-iraq-united-states-troops-in-iraq-launch-an-offensive-against-al-qaeda-linked-sunni-militants-and-alleged-iranian-linked-shiite-mil.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., al-Qaeda_
4. [ An explosion at the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra, Iraq is reported to have destroyed two of its minarets. ](/news/2007/06/13/an-explosion-at-the-al-askari-mosque-in-samarra-iraq-is-reported-to-have-destroyed-two-of-its-minarets.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq, Samarra_
5. [ The Mujahideen Shura Council, a group linked to Al-Qaeda, posts a tape claiming responsibility for killing three US soldiers in retaliation for the killing of an Iraqi girl Abeer Qassim Hamza, allegedly by members of the same unit that the soldiers belonged to. ](/news/2006/07/11/the-mujahideen-shura-council-a-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-posts-a-tape-claiming-responsibility-for-killing-three-us-soldiers-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., al-Qaeda_
6. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: In Iraq over 100 people are killed in violence following yesterday's bombing of the Al Askari Mosque: 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad. About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight. Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra. At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot. One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in  Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. ](/news/2006/02/23/al-askari-mosque-bombing-in-iraq-over-100-people-are-killed-in-violence-following-yesterday-s-bombing-of-the-al-askari-mosque-p-47-factory.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq, Samarra_
7. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: The Al Askari Mosque, a shrine to Imam Ali al-Hadi and Imam Hasan al-Askari in Samarra, Iraq, is bombed and partly destroyed.  The Golden Dome has collapsed. In the aftermath dozens of people die in riots, along with three journalists which includes Atwar Bahjat.](/news/2006/02/22/al-askari-mosque-bombing-the-al-askari-mosque-a-shrine-to-imam-ali-al-hadi-and-imam-hasan-al-askari-in-samarra-iraq-is-bombed-and-partl.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq, Samarra_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-p-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra, U.S._
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, al-Qaeda_
10. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
