### [2015-01-23](/news/2015/01/23/index.md)

# The Doomsday Clock moves two minutes forward, leaving only three minutes from midnight due to the threat of global nuclear war and climate change. It is the closest it has been to midnight since 1984. 

Symbolic clock is now at three minutes to apocalypse, the darkest hour for humanity since the cold war


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/22/climate-change-nuclear-bombs-doomsday-clock-near-midnight)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/we-are-closer-to-doom-than-any-time-since-the-cold-war-say-scientists-9996284.html)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2015/01/22/the-doomsday-clock-is-ticking-again-it-is-now-three-minutes-to-midnight-a-k-a-the-end-of-humanity/)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
2. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: climate change_
3. [The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists moves the Doomsday Clock thirty seconds forward, to two and a half minutes before midnight. ](/news/2017/01/26/the-bulletin-of-the-atomic-scientists-moves-the-doomsday-clock-thirty-seconds-forward-to-two-and-a-half-minutes-before-midnight.md) _Context: Doomsday Clock_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: climate change_
5. [A new study  by scientists from 14 research institutions, that is published in the March 2016 Global Change Biology Journal, finds all U.S. forests are threatened by drought and climate change.  ](/news/2016/02/22/a-new-study-by-scientists-from-14-research-institutions-that-is-published-in-the-march-2016-global-change-biology-journal-finds-all-u-s.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: climate change_
7. [According to a new World Bank report, climate change could drive more than 100 million people into poverty by 2030 largely due to difficulties producing crops. ](/news/2015/11/8/according-to-a-new-world-bank-report-climate-change-could-drive-more-than-100-million-people-into-poverty-by-2030-largely-due-to-difficulti.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: climate change_
9. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: nuclear holocaust_
