### [2004-07-15](/news/2004/07/15/index.md)

#  Canada recalls its ambassador to Iran to protest Iran's refusal to allow Canadians to attend the trial of an Iranian intelligence agent charged in the death of Montreal-based photographer and journalist, Zahra Kazemi. 

Channel NewsAsia - Breaking News, Asia-Pacific news coverage from Channel NewsAsia featuring Business, World, Sport, Entertainment, Technology, Health, Lifestyle and Live Streaming.


### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_world/view/96292/1/.html)
2. [Globe & Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/ArticleNews/TPStory/LAC/20040716/KAZEMIGTA16/TPNational/Canada)

### Related:

1. [ The trial for the murder of Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi in Iran ended abruptly on the second day of the proceedings. The lawyers of the Kazemi family insisted that the time has not been enough for proofs to be given, witnesses to be brought to court, and the murderer to be identified.](/news/2004/07/18/the-trial-for-the-murder-of-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi-in-iran-ended-abruptly-on-the-second-day-of-the-proceedings-the-lawyers-of-th.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi, journalist_
2. [ The Iranian government rejected requests for Canadian government observers to attend the trial of intelligence agents charged with the death of Canadian photographer, Zahra Kazemi](/news/2004/07/14/the-iranian-government-rejected-requests-for-canadian-government-observers-to-attend-the-trial-of-intelligence-agents-charged-with-the-deat.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi, photographer_
3. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Iran, journalist_
4. [The son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, the woman sentenced to death by stoning, and two German journalists posing as tourists seeking to interview him, may have been arrested in Iran. ](/news/2010/10/11/the-son-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-the-woman-sentenced-to-death-by-stoning-and-two-german-journalists-posing-as-tourists-seeking-to-int.md) _Context: Iran, journalist_
5. [ Two Iranian staff working for the British embassy in Tehran will face trial over allegedly inciting protests. ](/news/2009/07/3/two-iranian-staff-working-for-the-british-embassy-in-tehran-will-face-trial-over-allegedly-inciting-protests.md) _Context: Iran, trial_
6. [ Representatives of the government of Canada withdraw from a business conference with Iran in protest of the case of deceased journalist Zahra Kazemi. Kazemi died in Iranian police custody and Iranian refugee doctor Shahram Azam says that she had extensive injuries and had been tortured. Iranian officials deny the charges. Canada has unsuccessfully demanded return of Kazemi's body. ](/news/2005/04/7/representatives-of-the-government-of-canada-withdraw-from-a-business-conference-with-iran-in-protest-of-the-case-of-deceased-journalist-zah.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
7. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Iran, journalist_
8. [ An Iranian court clears Mohammad Reza Aghdam-Ahmadi, the intelligence agent accused of killing the Iranian-Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi, of charges of "semi-intentional murder", stating that the blood money should be paid from the state's treasury. ](/news/2004/07/24/an-iranian-court-clears-mohammad-reza-aghdam-ahmadi-the-intelligence-agent-accused-of-killing-the-iranian-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
9. [ Two Iranian intelligence officers are charged in connection with the death of Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi.](/news/2003/08/25/two-iranian-intelligence-officers-are-charged-in-connection-with-the-death-of-canadian-photojournalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
10. [ Iran makes protest and cuts diplomatic ties with Argentina over the arrest in Britain of its former ambassador with the United Kingdom and Argentina for the alleged bombing Jewish community centre in Buenos Aires in 1994 in which 85 people died.](/news/2003/08/23/iran-makes-protest-and-cuts-diplomatic-ties-with-argentina-over-the-arrest-in-britain-of-its-former-ambassador-with-the-united-kingdom-and.md) _Context: Ambassador, Iran_
