### [2004-07-15](/news/2004/07/15/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives passes a resolution condemning the International Court of Justice ruling on the Israeli West Bank barrier. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1089861306316&p=1006688055060)

### Related:

1. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
2. [ In its advisory opinion asked for by the United Nations General Assembly the International Court of Justice states that the Israeli West Bank barrier is illegal and calls for the General Assembly and the Security Council to remedy the situation. ](/news/2004/07/9/in-its-advisory-opinion-asked-for-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-the-international-court-of-justice-states-that-the-israeli-west-ba.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
3. [ The United Nations General Assembly passes a [http://ods-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/LTD/N03/638/96/PDF/N0363896.pdf?OpenElement resolution] demanding that Israel obey the International Court of Justice ruling that the West Bank barrier should be dismantled. Israel condemns the resolution and announces that it will not stop building the barrier.](/news/2004/07/21/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-http-ods-dds-ny-un-org-doc-undoc-ltd-n03-638-96-pdf-n0363896-pdf-openelement-resolution-de.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
4. [ Palestinian representatives put their case to the International Court of Justice against the Israeli West Bank barrier. ](/news/2004/02/23/palestinian-representatives-put-their-case-to-the-international-court-of-justice-against-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
6. [ The European Union and the United States file documents with the International Court of Justice opposing the court's decision to deliberate on the Israeli West Bank barrier.](/news/2004/02/1/the-european-union-and-the-united-states-file-documents-with-the-international-court-of-justice-opposing-the-court-s-decision-to-deliberate.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
7. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
