### [2013-09-18](/news/2013/09/18/index.md)

# Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. 

Analysts said the release of 11 prominent prisoners was a significant step in President Hassan Rouhani’s efforts to repair Iran’s relationship with the West.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/19/world/middleeast/iran-frees-political-prisoners-on-eve-of-presidents-visit-to-us.html?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytimes&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President, United States_
2. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/iranian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
3. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
4. [Elections in Iran. Iranian legislative election, 2016. Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be a vote on President Hassan Rouhani-s moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14 landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/elections-in-iran-iranian-legislative-election-2016-iran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
5. [Hassan Rouhani, President-elect of Iran, criticizes the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) over its news censorship of the Syrian civil war and the 2009-10 election protests. He also says Iran needs a cautious approach in its foreign policy. ](/news/2013/06/30/hassan-rouhani-president-elect-of-iran-criticizes-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-broadcasting-irib-over-its-news-censorship-of-the-syrian.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
6. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
7. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: Iran, President, United States_
8. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, President, United States_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad states in an interview that Iran does not fear the U.S. and that any foreign attack would be "severely punished". ](/news/2007/02/12/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-states-in-an-interview-that-iran-does-not-fear-the-u-s-and-that-any-foreign-attack-would-be-severel.md) _Context: Iran, President, United States_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opposes a bill in Iranian parliament that would require the fingerprinting of any citizens of the United States that are visiting Iran, stating, "We do not have a problem with American people. We oppose only the U.S. government." ](/news/2006/10/24/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opposes-a-bill-in-iranian-parliament-that-would-require-the-fingerprinting-of-any-citizens-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Iran, President, United States_
