### [2010-02-13](/news/2010/02/13/index.md)

# U Tin Oo, the Vice-Chairman of the National League for Democracy was released today in Yangon, the largest city in Myanmar, after the expiration of his term of house arrest. 




### Source:

1. [UN](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=33763&Cr=Myanmar&Cr1=)

### Related:

1. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
2. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
3. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/myanmar-general-election-2015-voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-w.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
4. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
5. [Myanmar general election, 2015: With 45 percent of the Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) results announced from Sunday's election, Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) moves closer to an absolute majority in the country's parliament, winning over 90 percent (135 of 149 seats) in the country's lower house. The NLD also has taken over 85 percent in the upper house and regional assemblies. The NLD needs to win more than two-thirds of seats that were contested in parliament to form Myanmar's first democratically elected government since the early 1960s. ](/news/2015/11/11/myanmar-general-election-2015-with-45-percent-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-house-of-representatives-results-announced-from-sunday-s-election-a.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
6. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Myanmar election authorities confirm that landmark polls will go ahead on November 8 after the opposition rejected postponing due to this summer's widespread flooding. The upcoming election is Myanmar-s first since moving away from half a century of military rule in 2011. ](/news/2015/10/14/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-election-authorities-confirm-that-landmark-polls-will-go-ahead-on-november-8-after-the-opposition-re.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
7. [Aung San Suu Kyi announces that the National League for Democracy will participate in Myanmar's general election later this year. ](/news/2015/07/11/aung-san-suu-kyi-announces-that-the-national-league-for-democracy-will-participate-in-myanmar-s-general-election-later-this-year.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
8. [Myanmarese students on a march to Yangon to protest an academic bill defy a police order to disperse in Letpadan Township. ](/news/2015/03/3/myanmarese-students-on-a-march-to-yangon-to-protest-an-academic-bill-defy-a-police-order-to-disperse-in-letpadan-township.md) _Context: Myanmar, Yangon_
9. [Major political parties in Myanmar hold a meeting about the upcoming Burmese general election, 2015 which included Thein Sein's Union Solidarity and Development Party and Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy. ](/news/2014/10/31/major-political-parties-in-myanmar-hold-a-meeting-about-the-upcoming-burmese-general-election-2015-which-included-thein-sein-s-union-solida.md) _Context: Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
10. [A Myanmar court sentences four journalists and the editor of the Yangon based Unity journal to ten years hard labor for allegedly publishing state secrets in an investigative series of reports on a weapons factory. ](/news/2014/07/10/a-myanmar-court-sentences-four-journalists-and-the-editor-of-the-yangon-based-unity-journal-to-ten-years-hard-labor-for-allegedly-publishing.md) _Context: Myanmar, Yangon_
