### [2013-11-27](/news/2013/11/27/index.md)

# In China, some second-tier cities such as Wuhan and Shenyang begin to enhance local housing price controlling policy, following all first-tier cities' controlling policy enhancement in the country. 




### Source:

1. [ifeng.com](http://finance.ifeng.com/a/20131127/11165226_0.shtml)

### Related:

1. [Pollution in China: The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/pollution-in-china-the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Shenyang_
2. [Pollution in China: Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/pollution-in-china-chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenya.md) _Context: Shenyang_
3. [A freight elevator crashes 100 meters and kills 19 construction workers in Wuhan, Hubei province, China. ](/news/2012/09/13/a-freight-elevator-crashes-100-meters-and-kills-19-construction-workers-in-wuhan-hubei-province-china.md) _Context: Wuhan_
4. [A fire destroys a five-star Sheraton hotel in the Heping District of Shenyang, Liaoning, China, then the tallest building in Northeastern China, after midnight fireworks celebrating the Chinese New Year set ablaze flammable thermal insulation outside the hotel walls. Firefighters were unable to put out the blaze as ladders could not reach the higher storeys of the building, but no casualties or injuries were reported. ](/news/2011/02/2/a-fire-destroys-a-five-star-sheraton-hotel-in-the-heping-district-of-shenyang-liaoning-china-then-the-tallest-building-in-northeastern-ch.md) _Context: Shenyang_
5. [Demonstrations occur against Japan in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang and Chongqing on the anniversary of the Mukden Incident. ](/news/2010/09/18/demonstrations-occur-against-japan-in-beijing-shanghai-shenyang-and-chongqing-on-the-anniversary-of-the-mukden-incident.md) _Context: Shenyang_
6. [Chinese floods:: Premier Wen Jiabao wades through water in Wuhan to warn of further devastation. ](/news/2010/07/24/chinese-floods-premier-wen-jiabao-wades-through-water-in-wuhan-to-warn-of-further-devastation.md) _Context: Wuhan_
7. [Authorities in China arrest two people after an incident on board a flight from Xinjiang bound for Wuhan in which a passenger set fire to some toilet paper which forced the plane to turn around. ](/news/2010/01/30/authorities-in-china-arrest-two-people-after-an-incident-on-board-a-flight-from-xinjiang-bound-for-wuhan-in-which-a-passenger-set-fire-to-so.md) _Context: Wuhan_
8. [ 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay: Chinese nationalists boycott the French-owned retail chain Carrefour in cities including Kunming, Hefei and Wuhan, accusing the French people of racism. Protesters block customers with large flags and throw water bottles. In Hefei, a Carrefour store was vandalized and looted by protesters. ](/news/2008/04/19/2008-summer-olympics-torch-relay-chinese-nationalists-boycott-the-french-owned-retail-chain-carrefour-in-cities-including-kunming-hefei-a.md) _Context: Wuhan_
9. [ Four cargo ships carrying methanol sink on the Han River, the source of the water supply for Wuhan, China, with environmental authorities monitoring water quality. ](/news/2007/09/3/four-cargo-ships-carrying-methanol-sink-on-the-han-river-the-source-of-the-water-supply-for-wuhan-china-with-environmental-authorities-m.md) _Context: Wuhan_
10. [ Twenty people die and 9 are missing after a flood in a coal mine in Fushun, a city in the province of Shenyang in China. ](/news/2007/03/10/twenty-people-die-and-9-are-missing-after-a-flood-in-a-coal-mine-in-fushun-a-city-in-the-province-of-shenyang-in-china.md) _Context: Shenyang_
