### [2002-05-28](/news/2002/05/28/index.md)

#  September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack: The last steel beam standing at the World Trade Center site is cut down and placed on a flatbed truck (to be carried away Thursday) in a quiet ceremony honoring the construction workers.




### Related:

1. [ September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack: A wordless ceremony at the World Trade Center site marks the end of the recovery effort. In the ceremony, which started at 10:29 a.m. with the tolling of a firemen's bell, a stretcher with an American flag, symbolizing the victims whose remains were not recovered or yet identified was carried up the 500-foot ramp to an FDNY ambulance, which slowly left the site, as did the flatbed truck carrying the last steel beam to be removed. The ceremony included the playing of America the Beautiful by the NYPD pipe-and-drum corps, a flyover by five NYPD helicopters, and the playing of taps by a NYPD and FDNY bugler. The ceremony was attended by hundreds of rescue and recovery workers, family members of victimes, and New York politicians.](/news/2002/05/30/september-11-2001-terrorist-attack-a-wordless-ceremony-at-the-world-trade-center-site-marks-the-end-of-the-recovery-effort-in-the-ceremo.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack, September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services, recovery effort_
2. [ A US Department of Justice internal audit is released which asserts that the government systematically abused the civil rights of individuals detained after the September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack, engaging in "a pattern of physical and verbal abuse".](/news/2003/06/2/a-us-department-of-justice-internal-audit-is-released-which-asserts-that-the-government-systematically-abused-the-civil-rights-of-individua.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
3. [ Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack and of other al-Qaeda attacks, is reported to have been arrested in Pakistan and turned over to US authorities for questioning.](/news/2003/03/1/khalid-shaikh-mohammed-the-alleged-mastermind-of-the-september-11-2001-terrorist-attack-and-of-other-al-qaeda-attacks-is-reported-to-hav.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
4. [ Daniel Libeskind's design is announced as the winner and future occupant of the former World Trade Center site. The design includes an office building and a "Wedge of Light" which will honor the victims of the terrorist attacks by shutting down its lights between 8:46 am and 10:28 am EST every September 11. It will also use the WTC's foundations.](/news/2003/02/26/daniel-libeskind-s-design-is-announced-as-the-winner-and-future-occupant-of-the-former-world-trade-center-site-the-design-includes-an-offi.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
5. [Henry Kissinger stepped down as the chairman of a panel investigating the September 11 attacks, citing conflict of interest with his clients. The choice of Kissinger by President George W. Bush.](/news/2002/12/13/henry-kissinger-stepped-down-as-the-chairman-of-a-panel-investigating-the-september-11-attacks-citing-conflict-of-interest-with-his-clients.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
6. [ September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services: The US Congress convenes for a one-day joint session in Federal Hall in New York City, the original capital of the United States.](/news/2002/09/6/september-11-2001-terrorist-attack-memorials-and-services-the-us-congress-convenes-for-a-one-day-joint-session-in-federal-hall-in-new-yor.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack/Memorials and Services_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A think tank affiliated with the Arab League ended its meeting in Cairo by calling Jews "enemies of all nations", by claiming that Arabs, as Semites, cannot be anti-Semitic, and by claiming that the events of September 11, 2001 were concocted by the United States government. See ](/news/2002/08/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-think-tank-affiliated-with-the-arab-league-ended-its-meeting-in-cairo-by-calling-jews-enemies-of-all-natio.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
8. [ US Airways declares bankruptcy, caused by the air travel slowdown following the September 11, 2001, Terrorist Attack.](/news/2002/08/12/us-airways-declares-bankruptcy-caused-by-the-air-travel-slowdown-following-the-september-11-2001-terrorist-attack.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack_
