### [2015-05-12](/news/2015/05/12/index.md)

# An Amtrak train derails in the Port Richmond neighborhood of the American city of Philadelphia causing cars to roll over. At least 5 people have been killed, 50 people are injured in the derailment.

One man identifying himself as a passenger reports there are injuries.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/12/us/philadelphia-train-derailment/index.html)
2. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/12/amtrak-train-crash-pennsylvania_n_7270804.html)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/05/12/amtrak-derailment-philadelphia/27213157/)

### Related:

1. [Amtrak resumes train services between New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following a fatal train derailment on May 12. ](/news/2015/05/18/amtrak-resumes-train-services-between-new-york-city-and-philadelphia-pennsylvania-following-a-fatal-train-derailment-on-may-12.md) _Context: 2015 Philadelphia train derailment, Amtrak, Philadelphia_
2. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crash in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey kills at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crash-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-kills-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
3. [A man in Philadelphia firebombs a man's car, referring to the injured burned man as being Muslim. ](/news/2016/09/22/a-man-in-philadelphia-firebombs-a-man-s-car-referring-to-the-injured-burned-man-as-being-muslim.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
4. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Amtrak_
5. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
6. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
7. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
8. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: Amtrak_
9. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
10. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: Amtrak_
