### [2004-08-18](/news/2004/08/18/index.md)

#  In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/08/18/iraq.main/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6009166)

### Related:

1. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
3. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Iraq, Iyad Allawi, Najaf_
5. [ Following the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, an agreement is found to end the standoff in Najaf. Although the terms are not clear, the deal requires both the al-Sadr militia and U.S. troops to leave the city, to be replaced by the police interim government. Responsibility for the Imam Ali Mosque goes to Sistani. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3603730.stm (BBC)] This resolution occurs two days before the one-year anniversary of the assassination of Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, a prominent Shi'ite cleric from Najaf.](/news/2004/08/27/following-the-intervention-of-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-an-agreement-is-found-to-end-the-standoff-in-najaf-although-the-terms-are-no.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
6. [ US planes bomb the city of Samarra, north-west of Baghdad. In Najaf, a fragile ceasefire holds, with Muqtada al-Sadr making defiant statements but continuing negotiations. The Allawi government decides to withdraw from the negotiations in the afternoon. ](/news/2004/08/14/us-planes-bomb-the-city-of-samarra-north-west-of-baghdad-in-najaf-a-fragile-ceasefire-holds-with-muqtada-al-sadr-making-defiant-stateme.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iyad Allawi, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
8. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
9. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
10. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
