### [2017-04-23](/news/2017/04/23/index.md)

# 2017 French presidential election. Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. 

Europe has had a number of important elections over the past year, but for the EU none is as significant – or as potentially grave – as France&#039;s upcoming presidential election.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/french-citizens-vote-in-an-uncertain-race-that-could-determine-europes-future/2017/04/23/fd3759ce-1fa4-11e7-bb59-a74ccaf1d02f_story.html?)
2. [The Wire](https://thewire.in/127060/france-presidential-election/)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France_
2. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, President of France_
3. [2017 French presidential election. The campaign period officially ends. French citizens living overseas begin voting a day ahead of when the polls open in France. Final opinion polling gives Emmanuel Macron a slight lead over Marine Le Pen. Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon are close behind. ](/news/2017/04/22/2017-french-presidential-election-the-campaign-period-officially-ends-french-citizens-living-overseas-begin-voting-a-day-ahead-of-when-the.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
5. [President of France Emmanuel Macron nominates the full Edouard Philippe government. Jean-Yves Le Drian becomes foreign minister, Sylvie Goulard defence minister, Bruno Le Maire minister of economy, and Gerard Collomb minister of the interior. ](/news/2017/05/17/president-of-france-emmanuel-macron-nominates-the-full-adouard-philippe-government-jean-yves-le-drian-becomes-foreign-minister-sylvie-gou.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France_
7. [2017 French presidential election. Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-french-presidential-election-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
