### [2017-04-23](/news/2017/04/23/index.md)

# Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. 

Europe has had a number of important elections over the past year, but for the EU none is as significant – or as potentially grave – as France&#039;s upcoming presidential election.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/french-citizens-vote-in-an-uncertain-race-that-could-determine-europes-future/2017/04/23/fd3759ce-1fa4-11e7-bb59-a74ccaf1d02f_story.html?)
2. [The Wire](https://thewire.in/127060/france-presidential-election/)

### Related:

1. [The campaign period officially ends. French citizens living overseas begin voting a day ahead of when the polls open in France. Final opinion polling gives Emmanuel Macron a slight lead over Marine Le Pen. Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon are close behind. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-campaign-period-officially-ends-french-citizens-living-overseas-begin-voting-a-day-ahead-of-when-the-polls-open-in-france-final-opinio.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
2. [Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen_
3. [New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
4. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
5. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen_
6. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-polls-show-the-conservative-ump-in-first.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, president_
7. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: president_
8. [Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-for-his-own-party-s-nominee-benoa-r-t-h.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron_
9. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
10. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: president_
