### [2017-04-23](/news/2017/04/23/index.md)

# War in Donbass. A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-osce-member-killed-mine-blast/28447060.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Luhansk, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/war-in-donbass-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-mon.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass. International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-donbass-international-monitors-from-the-osce-report-that-fighting-has-intensified-in-eastern-ukraine-as-a-second-year-of-a-shaky-tru.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass_
4. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: United States, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass. Four people are killed after a minibus hit a landmine near a Ukrainian military checkpoint in the Donetsk Oblast. ](/news/2016/02/10/war-in-donbass-four-people-are-killed-after-a-minibus-hit-a-landmine-near-a-ukrainian-military-checkpoint-in-the-donetsk-oblast.md) _Context: War in Donbass, land mine_
6. [War in Donbass. The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/war-in-donbass-the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia.md) _Context: United States, War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass. 2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. OSCE observers who are monitoring a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels, reported the presence of a new Russian weapons system in rebel-held territory this week, the 'TOS-1 Buratino' is a thermobaric multiple rocket launcher system which can destroy several city blocks in one strike and cause indiscriminate damage. Only Russia produces the system and it was not exported to Ukraine before the conflict broke out. ](/news/2015/10/2/war-in-donbass-2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-osce-observers-who-are-monitoring-a-ceasefire-in-eastern-ukraine-between-t.md) _Context: OSCE, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass. Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/war-in-donbass-luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk.md) _Context: Luhansk, War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass. The United States and United Kingdom discuss imposing additional sanctions on Russia over the breach of the ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/21/war-in-donbass-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-discuss-imposing-additional-sanctions-on-russia-over-the-breach-of-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: United States, War in Donbass_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: Luhansk, War in Donbass_
