### [2014-02-5](/news/2014/02/5/index.md)

# Spratly Islands dispute:: Philippine President Benigno Aquino III compares China's territory claims in the South China Sea to Nazi Germany's invasion of Czechoslovakia. 

Benigno Aquino warns West must not attempt to appease China as it did Hitler but presidential palace later says comments were not intended to &#039;offend&#039; Beijing


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/10618722/Philippine-president-compares-Chinas-expansion-to-Nazi-Germany.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/06/world/asia/philippines.html)

### Related:

1. [China-United States relations: Spratly Islands dispute: China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
2. [Spratly Islands dispute: Satellite images show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems being built on artificial islands in the South China Sea; China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. ](/news/2016/12/14/spratly-islands-dispute-satellite-images-show-anti-aircraft-guns-and-missile-defence-systems-being-built-on-artificial-islands-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
3. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, his predecessor_
4. [APEC Philippines 2015: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama-s comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/apec-philippines-2015-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artifici.md) _Context: China, Philippine, South China Sea_
5. [Chinese media criticizes Philippine President Benigno Aquino III for his remarks the previous day. ](/news/2014/02/6/chinese-media-criticizes-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-for-his-remarks-the-previous-day.md) _Context: China, Philippine, his predecessor_
6. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
7. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier "Liaoning", sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following-e.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
8. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Philippine_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
10. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
