### [2016-07-14](/news/2016/07/14/index.md)

# 68th Primetime Emmy Awards: The nominees are announced in Los Angeles. "Game of Thrones", "Veep" and "The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story" lead in nominations. 

The 2016 Emmy Award nominees were announced this morning by Anthony Anderson and Lauren Graham. The award ceremony will be held on Sunday, Sept. 18, at the


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/tv/la-et-st-emmys-2016-nominees-winners-list-20160714-snap-story,amp.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2016/07/14/emmy-nominations-2016-complete-coverage/)

### Related:

1. [68th Primetime Emmy Awards: The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards is held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles with "Game of Thrones" winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, "Veep" winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series and "The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story" winning the Emmy for Outstanding Limited Series. ](/news/2016/09/18/68th-primetime-emmy-awards-the-68th-primetime-emmy-awards-is-held-at-the-microsoft-theater-in-los-angeles-with-game-of-thrones-winning-th.md) _Context: 68th Primetime Emmy Awards, Game of Thrones, Los Angeles, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, Veep_
2. [Energy in California: An explosion at a Northridge power plant causes a widespread power outage in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles. ](/news/2017/07/8/energy-in-california-an-explosion-at-a-northridge-power-plant-causes-a-widespread-power-outage-in-the-san-fernando-valley-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
3. [Anti-Trump protests: Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
4. [A gun battle that started when three armed men returned to a restaurant in Los Angeles, leaves 3 people dead and 12 others wounded. Police set up a dragnet for the suspects. ](/news/2016/10/15/a-gun-battle-that-started-when-three-armed-men-returned-to-a-restaurant-in-los-angeles-leaves-3-people-dead-and-12-others-wounded-police-s.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
5. [2016 California wildfires: The out-of-control Pilot Fire hits 7,500 acres of bone-dry tinder and brush in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles. More than 5,000 homes are under evacuation orders. Authorities shut down school districts in the area. ](/news/2016/08/9/2016-california-wildfires-the-out-of-control-pilot-fire-hits-7-500-acres-of-bone-dry-tinder-and-brush-in-the-san-bernardino-mountains-east.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
6. [A seventeen-square mile fire continues to burn in Santa Clarita, California, near Los Angeles. ](/news/2016/07/23/a-seventeen-square-mile-fire-continues-to-burn-in-santa-clarita-california-near-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
7. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a 21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-va.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
8. [The 58th Annual Grammy Awards are held at the Staples Centre in Los Angeles. ](/news/2016/02/15/the-58th-annual-grammy-awards-are-held-at-the-staples-centre-in-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
9. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
10. [A San Francisco-bound Southwest Airlines flight returned to Los Angeles after an apparent altercation on the plane. Eyewitness accounts indicate that the fracas may have begun after one passenger reclined her seat, and the passenger behind her allegedly -started choking her." One passenger was removed from the flight. The airline moved the remaining passengers to a different plane to resume their journey to San Francisco. ](/news/2015/10/18/a-san-francisco-bound-southwest-airlines-flight-returned-to-los-angeles-after-an-apparent-altercation-on-the-plane-eyewitness-accounts-indi.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
