### [2017-09-1](/news/2017/09/1/index.md)

# Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. 

House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan urged President Donald Trump on Friday not to rescind an Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children, as more Republicans lined up against the move.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/01/marco-rubio-bill-nelson-trump-nasa-jim-bridenstine-242269)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-daca/house-speaker-urges-trump-not-to-scrap-dreamers-immigration-policy-idUSKCN1BC5PT)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
2. [The Trump Administration announces that, during the next six months, it will be ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of about 800,000 people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-that-during-the-next-six-months-it-will-be-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-a.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and-reducing-the-indefinite-sus.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [The Trump administration signals that it plans a crackdown on U.S states that legalize the use of cannabis. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-administration-signals-that-it-plans-a-crackdown-on-u-s-states-that-legalize-the-use-of-cannabis.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Talks between top Donald Trump advisers and Speaker Paul Ryan happen at the capital to discuss tax reform. ](/news/2017/01/9/talks-between-top-donald-trump-advisers-and-speaker-paul-ryan-happen-at-the-capital-to-discuss-tax-reform.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paul Ryan_
9. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access-pipelines.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
