### [2017-09-1](/news/2017/09/1/index.md)

# South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise a bilateral treaty which caps North Korea's missile development. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-moon-trump/trump-agree-with-south-korea-moon-on-revising-bilateral-missile-treaty-idUSKCN1BD01D?il=0)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, Donald Trump_
2. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
3. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
4. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
5. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who had campaigned on a parliamentary review of the country's missile defense system, orders an investigation of the anti-missile system after discovering the government was not informed when four more U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers had been brought in and installed. ](/news/2017/05/30/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-who-had-campaigned-on-a-parliamentary-review-of-the-country-s-missile-defense-system-orders-an-investig.md) _Context: Moon Jae-in, South Korea-United States relations_
6. [ North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: Donald Trump, North Korea_
7. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: Donald Trump, South Korea-United States relations_
8. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea-United States relations_
9. [South Korea and the United States start a joint military exercise as North Korea repeats threats of "indiscriminate" nuclear strikes. ](/news/2016/03/7/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-a-joint-military-exercise-as-north-korea-repeats-threats-of-indiscriminate-nuclear-strikes.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea-United States relations_
10. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea-United States relations_
