### [2002-08-9](/news/2002/08/9/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: Dozens are killed by floods caused by torrential rains in Europe, including the Malse and Blanice rivers of the Czech Republic, the Black Sea resort village of Shirokaya Balka near Novorossiisk in Russia, and Romania. The downpours have also caused extensive damage in Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Italy, and Spain.




### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania_
2. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania_
3. [Romania-United States relations: The United States deploys F-22 Raptor fighter jets to Romania's RoAF 86th Air Base, near the Black Sea, in a show of strength and cooperation against Russia. "The United States and Romania enjoy a very strong partnership," said Hans G. Klemm, the United States Ambassador to Romania. ](/news/2016/04/26/romania-united-states-relations-the-united-states-deploys-f-22-raptor-fighter-jets-to-romania-s-roaf-86th-air-base-near-the-black-sea-i.md) _Context: Black Sea, Romania_
4. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Czech Republic_
5. [2013 Bulgarian protests: At least 10 people are injured in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, as tens of thousands turn up for rallies in 10 cities, a day after Prime Minister Boyko Borisov sacked his Finance Minister Simeon Djankov. The government revokes the license of Czech company CEZ due to high electricity prices, which helped fuel the 9-day protests. ](/news/2013/02/19/2013-bulgarian-protests-at-least-10-people-are-injured-in-the-bulgarian-capital-sofia-as-tens-of-thousands-turn-up-for-rallies-in-10-citie.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Czech Republic_
6. [A train hits a van at a level crossing near Rossano, Province of Cosenza, Calabria region, Italy, killing at least six workers from Romania and Bulgaria. ](/news/2012/11/25/a-train-hits-a-van-at-a-level-crossing-near-rossano-province-of-cosenza-calabria-region-italy-killing-at-least-six-workers-from-romania.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
7. [France's government begins to deport thousands of Romani people, who are mainly from Romania and Bulgaria; Romania fears this will lead to xenophobic tensions. ](/news/2010/08/19/france-s-government-begins-to-deport-thousands-of-romani-people-who-are-mainly-from-romania-and-bulgaria-romania-fears-this-will-lead-to-x.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
8. [ Turkey, Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Austria sign an intergovernmental agreement on the construction of the Nabucco natural gas pipeline. ](/news/2009/07/13/turkey-bulgaria-romania-hungary-and-austria-sign-an-intergovernmental-agreement-on-the-construction-of-the-nabucco-natural-gas-pipeline.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
9. [ Global financial crisis of 2008:: Central European stocks drop to a three-week low on expectations of slowing economic growth. Poland forecasts economic growth to drop to 2.3% in 2009 from 5.4% in 2008 and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's WIG 20 index falls 3.5% in two hours. Bulgaria's Sofia Stock Exchange is at a five-year low. Both Bulgaria and Romania may need International Monetary Fund loans to repay US$100 billion of external debt. ](/news/2008/11/18/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-central-european-stocks-drop-to-a-three-week-low-on-expectations-of-slowing-economic-growth-poland-forec.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
10. [ Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary and Monaco jointly recognize Kosovo's independence. ](/news/2008/03/19/bulgaria-croatia-hungary-and-monaco-jointly-recognize-kosovo-s-independence.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Croatia_
