### [2003-12-31](/news/2003/12/31/index.md)

# In Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian signs a law that allows referendums to be held. The People's Republic of China condemns this. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3358655.stm]




### Related:

1. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
2. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
6. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President of Taiwan_
8. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
9. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, President of Taiwan_
10. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China, President of Taiwan_
