### [2003-12-31](/news/2003/12/31/index.md)

#  The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences mails nomination ballots in which it qualifies 254 films released in 2003 as eligible for Oscar consideration. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=entertainmentNews&storyID=4059933]




### Related:

1. [ Carmine Caridi is expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (the "Academy" in the Academy Awards) by vote after having been found to have leaked hundreds of screeners over the past five years to Russell Sprague in Chicago.](/news/2004/02/5/carmine-caridi-is-expelled-from-the-academy-of-motion-picture-arts-and-sciences-the-academy-in-the-academy-awards-by-vote-after-having.md) _Context: Academy Awards, Motion Picture Academy_
2. [Nominations for the 2017 Academy Awards are announced, with "La La Land", "Moonlight" and "Hidden Figures" among the favorites. ](/news/2017/01/24/nominations-for-the-2017-academy-awards-are-announced-with-la-la-land-moonlight-and-hidden-figures-among-the-favorites.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
3. [The Motion Picture Academy announces the nominees for the 87th Academy Awards best picture at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California. The nominations are "American Sniper", "Birdman", "Boyhood", "The Grand Budapest Hotel", "The Imitation Game", "Selma", "The Theory of Everything", and "Whiplash". ](/news/2015/01/15/the-motion-picture-academy-announces-the-nominees-for-the-87th-academy-awards-best-picture-at-the-samuel-goldwyn-theater-in-beverly-hills-c.md) _Context: Motion Picture Academy_
4. [Greek-Cypriot filmmaker Michael Cacoyannis who was nominated for five Academy Awards for his films including "Zorba the Greek" dies in Athens aged 89. ](/news/2011/07/25/greek-cypriot-filmmaker-michael-cacoyannis-who-was-nominated-for-five-academy-awards-for-his-films-including-zorba-the-greek-dies-in-athen.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
5. [The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences changes the rules regarding the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 84th Academy Awards, allowing anywhere from five to ten nominees, provided that each receives a minimum of 5% of the nominating votes. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-academy-of-motion-picture-arts-and-sciences-changes-the-rules-regarding-the-academy-award-for-best-picture-at-the-84th-academy-awards-a.md) _Context: Motion Picture Academy_
6. [United States film studio Metro Goldwyn Mayer begins plans to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in a bid to rid itself of $4 billion in debts. ](/news/2010/10/7/united-states-film-studio-metro-goldwyn-mayer-begins-plans-to-file-for-chapter-11-bankruptcy-in-a-bid-to-rid-itself-of-4-billion-in-debts.md) _Context: film_
7. [ The Australian Government announces plans to outlaw material such as films and books that advocate terrorism. ](/news/2007/04/13/the-australian-government-announces-plans-to-outlaw-material-such-as-films-and-books-that-advocate-terrorism.md) _Context: film_
8. [ James Doohan, the actor best known for playing Scotty on "Star Trek: The Original Series" and the first seven "Star Trek" films, dies at his home in Redmond, Washington.](/news/2005/07/20/james-doohan-the-actor-best-known-for-playing-scotty-on-star-trek-the-original-series-and-the-first-seven-star-trek-films-dies-at-hi.md) _Context: film_
9. [ Several Imax cinemas in the US (in Texas, Georgia and the Carolinas) have chosen not to show the film "Volcanoes of the Deep Sea" in light of its reference to the theory of evolution. ](/news/2005/03/25/several-imax-cinemas-in-the-us-in-texas-georgia-and-the-carolinas-have-chosen-not-to-show-the-film-volcanoes-of-the-deep-sea-in-light.md) _Context: film_
10. [ 76th Academy Awards: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" wins Best Picture and Director awards and nine others for a total of 11 Academy Awards, a tie for the most ever won by a single film, and the largest sweep ever for a single film, having received 11 nominations. Acting honors were as follows: Best Actor: Sean Penn for "Mystic River", Best Actress: Charlize Theron for "Monster", Best Supporting Actor: Tim Robbins for "Mystic River", Best Supporting Actress: Renee Zellweger for "Cold Mountain". ](/news/2004/02/29/76th-academy-awards-the-lord-of-the-rings-the-return-of-the-king-wins-best-picture-and-director-awards-and-nine-others-for-a-total-of-1.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
