### [2011-03-21](/news/2011/03/21/index.md)

# The House of Commons votes in favour of the United Kingdom's involvement in military action in Libya. 

The Commons votes overwhelmingly to support UN-backed action in Libya, after David Cameron says it has helped avert a &quot;bloody massacre&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12799937)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-kingdom-is-to-send-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-the-tunisian-army-prevent-isil-militants-from-moving-into-the-country-from-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Kingdom_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
4. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom's Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling tells the House of Commons that a European Court of Human Rights ruling on prisoner votes can be defied. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-united-kingdom-s-lord-chancellor-chris-grayling-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-a-european-court-of-human-rights-ruling-on-prisoner-vote.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
7. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
8. [The Government of the United Kingdom expels Libyan diplomats loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from the United Kingdom and recognises the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-expels-libyan-diplomats-loyal-to-muammar-gaddafi-from-the-united-kingdom-and-recognises-the-national-tr.md) _Context: Libya, United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom expels two more Libyan diplomats, a week after expelling the ambassador, in order to increase diplomatic pressure on the regime of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/05/5/the-united-kingdom-expels-two-more-libyan-diplomats-a-week-after-expelling-the-ambassador-in-order-to-increase-diplomatic-pressure-on-the.md) _Context: Libya, United Kingdom_
10. [British electionsVoters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a referendum on whether to use the alternative vote electoral system for the House of Commons. ](/news/2011/05/5/british-electionspvoters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-use-the-alternative-vote-electoral-system-for.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
