### [2011-03-21](/news/2011/03/21/index.md)

# The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. 

The long-awaited perjury trial of Barry Bonds, 46, never a media darling and hardly a sympathetic figure, began Monday with jury selection.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/22/sports/baseball/22rhoden.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, federal court_
2. [ U.S. federal prosecutors have filed a new indictment against baseball slugger Barry Bonds, charging him with 14 counts of lying to a grand jury and one count of obstruction of justice when he denied knowingly using performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2008/05/13/u-s-federal-prosecutors-have-filed-a-new-indictment-against-baseball-slugger-barry-bonds-charging-him-with-14-counts-of-lying-to-a-grand.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game, committed perjury_
3. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, committed perjury, federal court_
4. [ Greg Anderson, personal trainer to U.S. professional baseball player Barry Bonds, is ordered to go to prison for the third time for contempt of a grand jury for refusing to testify against Bonds regarding alleged perjury in connection to an earlier steroids investigation. ](/news/2006/11/17/greg-anderson-personal-trainer-to-u-s-professional-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-ordered-to-go-to-prison-for-the-third-time-for-contemp.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game, committed perjury_
5. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
7. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
8. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with  competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
9. [A shooting into a car in San Francisco, California, U.S., leaves four men dead. ](/news/2015/01/9/a-shooting-into-a-car-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-leaves-four-men-dead.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
10. [Two people are killed and one person is wounded during a shooting in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco, California, United States. A suspect is in custody. ](/news/2013/07/12/two-people-are-killed-and-one-person-is-wounded-during-a-shooting-in-the-south-of-market-neighborhood-of-san-francisco-california-united-s.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
