### [2016-12-11](/news/2016/12/11/index.md)

# ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). 

Isis has recaptured the ancient city of Palmyra in the face of heavy Russian air strikes and Syrian army resistance, nine months after it was driven from the city. Monitoring groups the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC) said militants stormed the city in a multi-pronged attack on Sunday afternoon. Russia earlier said it had helped repel the Isis assault, driving the jihadis back to orchards outside the city and killing 300 militants in the process.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-pulls-out-of-ancient-palmyra-after-heavy-russian-bombing-a7467996.html)

### Related:

1. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Russian, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (December 2016), Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-executed-three-detainees-in-the-ancient-syrian-city-of-palmyra.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Russian, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-leaves-at-least-47-civilians.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
