### [2016-12-11](/news/2016/12/11/index.md)

# Romanians head to the polls in the country's parliamentary elections. Exit polls show the Social Democratic Party winning by a wide margin. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-4021964/Leftists-hope-comeback-Romanians-vote.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/romania-pms-tieless-look-talking-point-in-electoral-race/2016/12/10/dca21054-bef2-11e6-ae79-bec72d34f8c9_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
2. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
3. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
4. [After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-passes-a-no-confidence.md) _Context: PSD_
5. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-an.md) _Context: Romanians_
6. [More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]"Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.md) _Context: PSD_
7. [At least 18 Romanians were killed and 32 were injured after a bus crash, in Montenegro. ](/news/2013/06/23/at-least-18-romanians-were-killed-and-32-were-injured-after-a-bus-crash-in-montenegro.md) _Context: Romanians_
8. [ The Romanian coalition government collapses with the withdrawal of the Social Democratic Party, in protest at the sacking of one of its members. ](/news/2009/10/1/the-romanian-coalition-government-collapses-with-the-withdrawal-of-the-social-democratic-party-in-protest-at-the-sacking-of-one-of-its-mem.md) _Context: PSD_
9. [ Two teenagers are arrested by police in connection with racist attacks on Romanians in south Belfast. ](/news/2009/06/19/two-teenagers-are-arrested-by-police-in-connection-with-racist-attacks-on-romanians-in-south-belfast.md) _Context: Romanians_
10. [ Another attack occurs on Romanians in Belfast, on this occasion against a family in the east of the city. ](/news/2009/06/18/another-attack-occurs-on-romanians-in-belfast-on-this-occasion-against-a-family-in-the-east-of-the-city.md) _Context: Romanians_
