### [2010-08-27](/news/2010/08/27/index.md)

# Muslims protest outside the United States embassy in Jakarta about plans by the Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville, Florida to burn Korans on the 9th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2010/08/27/international-protests-begin-ahead-sept-koran-burning-event-florida/)

### Related:

1. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Jakarta, Muslim_
2. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
3. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump-s call for a -total and complete ban- on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-s-ca.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
4. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
5. [The "Detroit Free Press" reports, following this week's election, Hamtramck, Michigan, will apparently be the first city in the United States to be governed by Muslims, three of Bangladeshi descent and one Yemeni. Community leader Bill Meyer, who is not Muslim, said the influx of Muslims to Hamtramck has "helped bring stability, security and sobriety while lessening the amount of drugs and crime in the city." ](/news/2015/11/8/the-detroit-free-press-reports-following-this-week-s-election-hamtramck-michigan-will-apparently-be-the-first-city-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
6. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
7. [The United States commemorates the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. For the first time, no special security alert is raised on the anniversary of the attacks. ](/news/2012/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-victims-of-the-terrorist-attacks-of-september-11-2001-for-the-first-time-no-special-security-alert-is.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
8. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
9. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
10. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Jakarta, Muslim_
