### [2010-08-27](/news/2010/08/27/index.md)

# Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. 

Interval Licensing is suing a cluster of defendants, including AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples, Yahoo and YouTube.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/28/technology/28patent.html?src=mv)

### Related:

1. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data-using-prism-spying-on-the-e-mails-and-web-act.md) _Context: AOL, Facebook, Google, Yahoo!, YouTube_
2. [ Craigslist is sued because of illegal posts to that website. Amazon, eBay, AOL, Yahoo, and Google all file briefs as friends of the court in support of Craigslist. ](/news/2006/07/7/craigslist-is-sued-because-of-illegal-posts-to-that-website-amazon-ebay-aol-yahoo-and-google-all-file-briefs-as-friends-of-the-court-i.md) _Context: AOL, Google, Yahoo!, eBay_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, Yahoo!_
4. [ An "industry-wide phishing scheme" targets sites such as Google, Hotmail, Yahoo! and AOL, with passwords posted online and more than a quarter of a million accounts at risk. ](/news/2009/10/6/an-industry-wide-phishing-scheme-targets-sites-such-as-google-hotmail-yahoo-and-aol-with-passwords-posted-online-and-more-than-a-quar.md) _Context: AOL, Google, Yahoo!_
5. [ NBC, News Limited, AOL, MSN and Yahoo! join forces to develop an ad-supported online video network to compete with YouTube. ](/news/2007/03/22/nbc-news-limited-aol-msn-and-yahoo-join-forces-to-develop-an-ad-supported-online-video-network-to-compete-with-youtube.md) _Context: AOL, Yahoo!, YouTube_
6. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
7. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: Office Depot, Staples_
8. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Google, Yahoo!_
9. [Pakistan lifts a three-year ban on YouTube after Google launches a local version that allows the government to demand removal of material it considers to be offensive. Similar systems have existed in China for many years. ](/news/2016/01/19/pakistan-lifts-a-three-year-ban-on-youtube-after-google-launches-a-local-version-that-allows-the-government-to-demand-removal-of-material-it.md) _Context: Google, YouTube_
10. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: Office Depot, Staples_
