### [2005-09-22](/news/2005/09/22/index.md)

#  Australia agrees to fund Indonesia's response to avian influenza by providing anti-viral drugs to protect health workers in the event of a pandemic and contributing to a World Health Organisation team being sent to Jakarta. The Federal Opposition foreign affairs spokesman, Kevin Rudd, urged the Australian Government to further co-operate with regional states by calling for a regional summit on the issue. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://dsl.optusnet.com.au/news/story/abc/20050923/15/domestic/1466838.inp)
2. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200509/s1466282.htm)

### Related:

1. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of  President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-pindonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, Jakarta_
2. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, Jakarta_
3. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Australia, Avian flu virus, Indonesia_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-the-government-of-australia-will-guarantee-all-deposits-in-all-australian-banks-f.md) _Context: Australia, Government of Australia, Kevin Rudd_
5. [ Health officials meet in Jakarta to resolve a dispute between Indonesia and the World Health Organisation about access to H5N1 vaccines. ](/news/2007/03/26/health-officials-meet-in-jakarta-to-resolve-a-dispute-between-indonesia-and-the-world-health-organisation-about-access-to-h5n1-vaccines.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, World Health Organisation_
6. [ Severely injured victims of the 2005 Bali bombings are being evacuated to medical facilities in Australia and Singapore. The Australian Government has made moves to assist Indonesia in its response, dispatching Australian Federal Police officers and forensic experts to assist in investigations. ](/news/2005/10/2/severely-injured-victims-of-the-2005-bali-bombings-are-being-evacuated-to-medical-facilities-in-australia-and-singapore-the-australian-gov.md) _Context: Australia, Government of Australia, Indonesia_
7. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia_
8. [Flooding occurs across parts of Indonesia, including the capital Jakarta, due to torrential downpours over the last few days. Thousands of homes have been flooded and schools were forced to close. However, there are no reports of injuries yet. ](/news/2017/02/21/flooding-occurs-across-parts-of-indonesia-including-the-capital-jakarta-due-to-torrential-downpours-over-the-last-few-days-thousands-of-h.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
9. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
10. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
