### [2015-01-1](/news/2015/01/1/index.md)

# The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect 

The Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) officially starts functioning on January 1. The EEU unites Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Armenia, and Kyrgyzstan. 


### Source:

1. [Novinite](http://www.novinite.com/articles/165734/Eurasian+Economic+Union+Starts+Functioning)

### Related:

1. [ Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan agree to form a rapid reaction force based in the Federation. ](/news/2009/02/5/russia-belarus-armenia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan-tajikistan-and-uzbekistan-agree-to-form-a-rapid-reaction-force-based-in-the-federation.md) _Context: Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
2. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Belarus, Kazakhstan, Russia_
3. [ The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation of Central Asian countries comprising the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan meets in the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek to discuss security issues. ](/news/2007/08/14/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-of-central-asian-countries-comprising-the-people-s-republic-of-china-russia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
4. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
5. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
6. [Armenia's parliament, by a 102-8 vote, ratifies an  agreement to create an Armenia-Russia joint Air Defense system.  ](/news/2016/06/30/armenia-s-parliament-by-a-102-8-vote-ratifies-an-agreement-to-create-an-armenia-russia-joint-air-defense-system.md) _Context: Armenia, Russia_
7. [A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded-238-others-were-russian-uzbek.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
8. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
9. [Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six-attack-and-transport-helicop.md) _Context: Armenia, Russia_
10. [Voters in Kyrgyzstan go to the polls with the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan winning the most votes which will lead to a pro-Russian coalition. ](/news/2015/10/4/voters-in-kyrgyzstan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-winning-the-most-votes-which-will-lead-to-a-pro-russian.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
