### [2017-01-29](/news/2017/01/29/index.md)

# The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. 

The advance of government forces comes a week after fruitless negotiations between Damascus and rebels in Astana.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/syrian-army-captures-wadi-barada-170129131830656.html)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-syrian-army-backed-by-hezbollah-fighters-retakes-a-key-airbase-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-damascus-the-marj-al-sultan-airbase-had-been.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-air.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
4. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad congratulates commanders for the victory. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-c.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
