### [2015-11-8](/news/2015/11/8/index.md)

# Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. 

Iran-backed rebels retook positions in southern Yemen in a bid to advance on second city Aden, military sources said Sunday as a landmine blast killed 16 soldiers east of Sanaa. The rebels regained the positions they had lost in fighting in recent months, including a hilltop overlooking the strategic


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/iran-backed-huthi-rebels-retake-positions-south-yemen-112620896.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-in-the-port-c.md) _Context: Aden Governorate, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
