### [2015-11-8](/news/2015/11/8/index.md)

# In the United States, University of Missouri head football coach Gary Pinkel tweets his support for the 30 black football players who, because of racial tensions on campus, are boycotting team activities until the president of the University of Missouri System, Tim Wolfe, is removed. Pinkel and athletics director Mack Rhoades issue a statement that the Tigers will not resume football activities until Missouri student Jonathan Butler ends his hunger strike against Wolfe. 

In a statement released Sunday evening from head coach Gary Pinkel and athletics director Mack Rhoades, Missouri&#8217;s leadership appeared further in lockstep with their decision to side with the…


### Source:

1. [AFP via Global Post](http://www.globalpost.com/article/6683695/2015/11/08/american-football-missouri-players-strike-over-campus-racism)
2. [KCSTAR via Sacramento Bee](http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/national/article43665423.html)
3. [KTIC Radio](http://kticradio.com/abc_sports/football-coach-governor-respond-to-student-protests-at-university-of-missouri-abcid35528111/)
4. [NBC Sports](http://collegefootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/11/08/in-statement-mizzou-says-wont-practice-until-graduate-students-hunger-strike-ends/)
4. [Cover Image](https://nbccollegefootballtalk.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/cd0ymzcznguwzdbhnduynddiytjhm2yyzthlmtjjotqwyyznpty3zdfinwi4mzbjnmq4zdbizdrizwu0zgiwmmizzwvh-e1447022868527.jpeg?w=1200)

### Related:

1. [In the U.S., after mounting criticism over his handling of racial issues, University of Missouri System president Tim Wolfe announces his resignation; the Board of Curators votes to accept his resignation. R. Bowen Loftin, chancellor of the flagship Columbia campus, announces he will step down from his post by the end of the year. ](/news/2015/11/9/in-the-u-s-after-mounting-criticism-over-his-handling-of-racial-issues-university-of-missouri-system-president-tim-wolfe-announces-his-re.md) _Context: Columbia campus, Tim Wolfe, United States, University of Missouri System_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
4. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-grahamacassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-poss.md) _Context: United States_
5. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
