### [2015-11-8](/news/2015/11/8/index.md)

# The "Detroit Free Press" reports, following this week's election, Hamtramck, Michigan, will apparently be the first city in the United States to be governed by Muslims, three of Bangladeshi descent and one Yemeni. Community leader Bill Meyer, who is not Muslim, said the influx of Muslims to Hamtramck has "helped bring stability, security and sobriety while lessening the amount of drugs and crime in the city." 

Once known as a Polish center, Hamtramck now has big Arab and Bangladeshi population as council becomes Muslim-majority


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/USA-Update/2015/1108/Michigan-city-elects-for-the-first-time-a-Muslim-majority-city-council)
2. [Detroit Free Press](http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/wayne/2015/11/05/hamtramck-elects-muslim-majority-city-council/75237920/)
3. [New Civil Rights Movement](http://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/uncucumbered/michigan_city_makes_history_elects_muslim_majority_city_council)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yakla raid: A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Crisis: The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Crisis: The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
6. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): War on Terror: At least 50 militants are reportedly killed in a U.S. air strike on an Al-Qaeda training camp in southern Yemen. ](/news/2016/03/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-war-on-terror-at-least-50-militants-are-reportedly-killed-in-a-u-s-air-strike-on-an-al-qaeda-training-c.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
8. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Drone strikes in Yemen: A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills three suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militants. ](/news/2016/01/16/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-drone-strikes-in-yemen-a-u-s-drone-strike-on-a-vehicle-in-yemen-s-shabwah-governorate-kills-three-suspected.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
9. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump-s call for a -total and complete ban- on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-s-ca.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. ](/news/2015/12/1/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-major-push-by-yemen-based-houthi-forces-into-the-kingdom-s-southern-najran-region-kills-dozens-of.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
