### [2015-11-8](/news/2015/11/8/index.md)

# United States-Venezuela relations. Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. 

Venezuela said a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on Friday and that other planes with capacity to gather information were circulating close to the South American country. &quot;Forty-eight hours ago, an intelligence plane for the U.S. Coast Guard took off from the air base


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/venezuela-says-u-intelligence-plane-violated-air-space-183252161.html)

### Related:

1. [United States-Venezuela relations. The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
2. [United States-Venezuela relations. Venezuela recalls its charge d'affaires from its embassy in Washington, D.C. after U.S. President Barack Obama renewed a decree imposing sanctions on several top Venezuelan officials. ](/news/2016/03/10/united-states-venezuela-relations-venezuela-recalls-its-charga-c-d-affaires-from-its-embassy-in-washington-d-c-after-u-s-president-bara.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela orders the expulsion of three US consular officials amid rising tensions over anti-government protests after accusing the US of working with the opposition to undermine President Nicolas Maduro's government. ](/news/2014/02/17/venezuela-orders-the-expulsion-of-three-us-consular-officials-amid-rising-tensions-over-anti-government-protests-after-accusing-the-us-of-wo.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela cuts off an informal channel of communication with the United States because of comments by a US State Department official about next month's presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/20/venezuela-cuts-off-an-informal-channel-of-communication-with-the-united-states-because-of-comments-by-a-us-state-department-official-about-n.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
5. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-sus.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Colombia-Venezuela relations. Censorship in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels, Caracol Television and RCN Television, off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-gove.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
