### [2015-11-8](/news/2015/11/8/index.md)

# Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. 

Venezuela said a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on Friday and that other planes with capacity to gather information were circulating close to the South American country. &quot;Forty-eight hours ago, an intelligence plane for the U.S. Coast Guard took off from the air base


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/venezuela-says-u-intelligence-plane-violated-air-space-183252161.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to deter further democratic backsliding in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
2. [Venezuela recalls its charge d'affaires from its embassy in Washington, D.C. after U.S. President Barack Obama renewed a decree imposing sanctions on several top Venezuelan officials. ](/news/2016/03/10/venezuela-recalls-its-charga-c-d-affaires-from-its-embassy-in-washington-d-c-after-u-s-president-barack-obama-renewed-a-decree-imposing-sa.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela orders the expulsion of three US consular officials amid rising tensions over anti-government protests after accusing the US of working with the opposition to undermine President Nicolas Maduro's government. ](/news/2014/02/17/venezuela-orders-the-expulsion-of-three-us-consular-officials-amid-rising-tensions-over-anti-government-protests-after-accusing-the-us-of-wo.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela cuts off an informal channel of communication with the United States because of comments by a US State Department official about next month's presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/20/venezuela-cuts-off-an-informal-channel-of-communication-with-the-united-states-because-of-comments-by-a-us-state-department-official-about-n.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
5. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: United States-Venezuela relations_
