### [2015-05-7](/news/2015/05/7/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Pentagon raises security at its US military bases due to a growing jihadist threat in the United States and a recent shooting in Garland, Texas. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/08/politics/isis-activity-prompts-threat-level-increase-at-bases/)

### Related:

1. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-tow.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Pentagon officials, United States_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
4. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
5. [China-United States relations. The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: Pentagon officials, United States_
6. [Military intervention against ISIL. A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/military-intervention-against-isil-a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
7. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War. U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Pentagon officials_
