### [2015-05-7](/news/2015/05/7/index.md)

# Scores of flights are cancelled after a fire devastates part of terminal three at Rome's Fiumicino Airport. The fire was triggered by an electrical fault. 

Scores of flights have been cancelled and thousands of passengers had their travel plans wrecked after a fierce fire devastated part of a terminal at Rome&#39;s Fiumicino airport.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/World/News/Rome-airport-in-chaos-after-fire-20150507)

### Related:

1. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely -a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done-. ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
2. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
3. [Italian local elections, 2016: Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Rome_
4. [Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse: Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/royal-commission-into-institutional-responses-to-child-sexual-abuse-cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholi.md) _Context: Rome_
5. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Rome_
6. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States: Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Rome_
7. [Several hundred hooligans supporting the Dutch football club Feyenoord clash with the police in Rome, before the club's Europa League contest with local side Roma. In the clashes several people are injured and a large fragment of the 17th century Barcaccia fountain by Gianlorenzo Bernini is smashed. [http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory/rome-mayor-dutch-pay-damage-feyenoord-fans-29097285 (AP via ABC (U.S.))]](/news/2015/02/19/several-hundred-hooligans-supporting-the-dutch-football-club-feyenoord-clash-with-the-police-in-rome-before-the-club-s-europa-league-contes.md) _Context: Rome_
8. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Rome_
9. [Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 between Addis Ababa and Rome is diverted to land at Geneva in an attempted hijacking by the co-pilot who claims to be seeking political asylum. ](/news/2014/02/17/ethiopian-airlines-flight-702-between-addis-ababa-and-rome-is-diverted-to-land-at-geneva-in-an-attempted-hijacking-by-the-co-pilot-who-claim.md) _Context: Rome_
10. [100,000 workers and unemployed march against record unemployment in Rome, the first major demonstration since Enrico Letta's government took power earlier this year. ](/news/2013/06/22/100-000-workers-and-unemployed-march-against-record-unemployment-in-rome-the-first-major-demonstration-since-enrico-letta-s-government-took.md) _Context: Rome_
