### [2015-05-7](/news/2015/05/7/index.md)

# The United States Senate passes a bill giving the Congress a voice in any nuclear deal negotiated between Iran and world powers. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/08/us/politics/iran-bill-republicans.html)

### Related:

1. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Iran, Senator_
2. [The United States Senate fails to pass a resolution blocking approval of the nuclear agreement with Iran, meaning it will be formally adopted on October 19. ](/news/2015/09/10/the-united-states-senate-fails-to-pass-a-resolution-blocking-approval-of-the-nuclear-agreement-with-iran-meaning-it-will-be-formally-adopte.md) _Context: Iran, Senator_
3. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senator_
4. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake struck northeast Iran near the city of Mashhad, kills 1 person and at that least four were injured. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-struck-northeast-iran-near-the-city-of-mashhad-kills-1-person-and-at-that-least-four-were-injured.md) _Context: Iran_
5. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Senator_
7. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Flash flooding caused by torrential rain leaves at least 17 people dead and 20 others missing in northwestern Iran, according to state television. ](/news/2017/04/15/flash-flooding-caused-by-torrential-rain-leaves-at-least-17-people-dead-and-20-others-missing-in-northwestern-iran-according-to-state-telev.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senator_
