### [2012-06-13](/news/2012/06/13/index.md)

# Rebekah Brooks, the former CEO of News International, appears at Westminster Magistrates Court on phone hacking charges alongside her husband and four other News International employees. 

Rebekah Brooks appeared behind a high glass screen in the dock yesterday, alongside her husband Charlie and four other co-defendants including her long-serving personal assistant Cheryl Carter.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/fashionably-late-rebekah-brooks-has-her-first-day-in-court-7848927.html)

### Related:

1. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others: Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
3. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
4. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
5. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal:: Rebekah Brooks resigns as chief executive of News International as a result of the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/07/15/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-rebekah-brooks-resigns-as-chief-executive-of-news-international-as-a-result-of-the-news-internati.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
7. [News of the World phone hacking scandal:: News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, his son James, and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks all agree to appear before British MPs next week to answer questions on the News of the World phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/14/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-scandal-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-murdoch-his-son-james-and-news-international-chief-executive-re.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
8. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: News International_
9. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Rebekah Brooks_
10. [Rupert Murdoch resigns from a number of directorships, including that of News International. ](/news/2012/07/21/rupert-murdoch-resigns-from-a-number-of-directorships-including-that-of-news-international.md) _Context: News International_
