### [2012-06-30](/news/2012/06/30/index.md)

# The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/nation/articles/2012/06/30/mid_atlantic_storms_knock_out_power_to_nearly_2m/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: United States, Virginia, state of emergency_
2. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: Maryland, Ohio, United States_
3. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: District of Columbia, Maryland_
4. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
5. [West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in  Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-from-ravenswood-up-to-10-in.md) _Context: West Virginia, state of emergency_
6. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Maryland, United States_
8. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
9. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
10. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by  white supremacists in Virginia who were  planning  a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
