### [2004-05-18](/news/2004/05/18/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches a large offensive against the city of Rafah dubbed Operation Rainbow, cutting it off from the rest of Gaza. Amnesty International has called on Israel to stop and accused it of committing war crimes by its destruction of more than 3,000 Palestinian homes in Israel and the occupied territories since the intifada began three and a half years ago. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0519-03.htm)
2. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/05/18/1350208)
3. [Independent](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0519-01.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli military officer states Palestinian militants are feared to be using a tunnel to smuggle anti-tank missiles and portable anti-aircraft missiles, though no tunnels had been found yet. The army states it is encountering strong resistance from Palestinians using dozens of homemade bombs, rocket-propelled grenades and other grenades and automatic weapons. One Palestinian child and four adults killed in overnight attack on Rafah refugee camp in Gaza.](/news/2003/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-military-officer-states-palestinian-militants-are-feared-to-be-using-a-tunnel-to-smuggle-anti-tank-mi.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Rafah_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Amnesty International has called on the Israeli government to investigate the poisoning of Palestinian land, allegedly by Israeli settlers around Hebron ](/news/2005/04/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-amnesty-international-has-called-on-the-israeli-government-to-investigate-the-poisoning-of-palestinian-land.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Rafah_
4. [One civilian is killed and at least 20 others injured after an Israeli air strike on a militant base in Gaza City, Palestinian medics say. ](/news/2011/12/10/one-civilian-is-killed-and-at-least-20-others-injured-after-an-israeli-air-strike-on-a-militant-base-in-gaza-city-palestinian-medics-say.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-planes-launch-air-strikes-on-several.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
6. [ A report by Amnesty International states that Israeli military activities and Palestinian militant rocket attacks during the Gaza War were war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/2/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-israeli-military-activities-and-palestinian-militant-rocket-attacks-during-the-gaza-war-were.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ Amnesty International accuses Hezbollah of war crimes, in its deliberate targeting of civilians in Israel during the recent Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/09/14/amnesty-international-accuses-hezbollah-of-war-crimes-in-its-deliberate-targeting-of-civilians-in-israel-during-the-recent-israel-lebanon.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel, war crime_
8. [ An Israeli air strike destroys the Palestinian Foreign Ministry Building in Gaza City. ](/news/2006/07/12/an-israeli-air-strike-destroys-the-palestinian-foreign-ministry-building-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]date=September 2016 bot=medicbot=medic](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israeli.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
