### [2016-02-15](/news/2016/02/15/index.md)

# A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. 

The United Nations and Washington on Monday condemned air strikes on medical facilities and schools in Syria that the world body said killed almost 50 civilians, with the US implicating Russia. Also ahead of a hoped-for ceasefire, Kurdish fighters in northern Syria captured a key town despite Turkish


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/air-strikes-hit-msf-backed-hospital-syria-9-093204786.html)
2. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/kurdish-led-forces-seize-syria-rebel-town-monitor-205534517.html)
3. [Israel National News](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/Flash.aspx/351596#.VsHEfuaoNFQ)
4. [MSF](http://www.msf.org.au/article/statements-opinion/syria-least-seven-killed-and-eight-missing-another-m%C3%A9decins-sans)
5. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-clash-idUKKCN0VO0J7)
5. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/SgmwN9qOWW94ZmdUK.m0Lw--/aD02ODI7dz0xMDI0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/07476789fd317bfe26e37278d0f6adfdf88111f5.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
2. [  Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)] Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turki.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria-Turkey border, Turkey_
5. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-the-syrian-observato.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
