### [2016-02-15](/news/2016/02/15/index.md)

# United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. 

President Obama on Monday will kick off a two-day summit with 10 Southeast Asian leaders at Sunnylands in Rancho Mirage, the first-ever such meeting on U.S. soil.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-asean-summit-qa-20160215-story.html)
2. [White House](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2016/02/15/remarks-president-obama-opening-session-us-asean-summit)

### Related:

1. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking.  ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Indonesia, Joko Widodo, Philippine_
2. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine_
3. [Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-militants.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak, Philippine_
5. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine_
6. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III demands an investigation after a drone purportedly belonging to the United States Navy is found in the Philippine province of Quezon, the second found in the country. ](/news/2015/01/7/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-demands-an-investigation-after-a-drone-purportedly-belonging-to-the-united-states-navy-is-found-in.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine, U.S._
7. [Flooding and the death toll continues in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. ](/news/2014/12/30/flooding-and-the-death-toll-continues-in-indonesia-malaysia-the-philippines-and-thailand.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine_
8. [President Barack Obama is set on visiting Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and the Philippines after previously cancelling his trip in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/13/president-barack-obama-is-set-on-visiting-japan-south-korea-malaysia-and-the-philippines-after-previously-cancelling-his-trip-in-2013.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Malaysia, Philippine_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
10. [Voters cast ballots to select representatives for rural and urban Cambodian precincts from, nationwide, 94,595 candidates for 11,572 council seats. Voter turnout was 85.74 percent with few reports of irregularities. According to early results, the opposition makes significant gains against the ruling party of Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2017/06/4/voters-cast-ballots-to-select-representatives-for-rural-and-urban-cambodian-precincts-from-nationwide-94-595-candidates-for-11-572-council.md) _Context: Cambodia, Hun Sen_
