### [2003-09-6](/news/2003/09/6/index.md)

#  Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas submits his resignation to the President of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat. According to Palestinian sources, he will play a "caretaker" role of the position until a new prime minister is sworn in.




### Related:

1. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas tells the Palestinian parliament to either support him or fire him, a move seen as making public for the first time his quarrel with Yasser Arafat. VOA characterizes Mr. Abbas' ultimatum as the latest twist in a power struggle between him and Arafat, who is the President of the Palestinian Authority.](/news/2003/09/5/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-tells-the-palestinian-parliament-to-either-support-him-or-fire-him-a-move-seen-as-maki.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
6. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-ahijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iraniansa-possibly-r.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-formally-invited-to-the-2007-mide.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
8. [ Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, spells out his conditions for a peace deal with Israel prior to a conference in Annapolis, Maryland next month. ](/news/2007/10/10/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-spells-out-his-conditions-for-a-peace-deal-with-israel-prior-to-a-conference-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
10. [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Mashal meet together in Syria to try to end violence between the two factions. However, differences remain and talks will resume possibly next week. ](/news/2007/01/21/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-meet-together-in-syria-to-try-to-end-violence-between-the-two.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
