### [2003-09-6](/news/2003/09/6/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: An Israeli warplane drops a relatively small bomb on a house in Gaza City (in an effort to avoid killing innocents, according to military sources who spoke to AP), lightly wounding Hamas founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin and 15 other people in an airstrike that Israeli officials confirm was an attempt to wipe out the Islamic group's top leaders as they assemble for a meeting.




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: An Israeli warplane targeted the apartment building which is home of the senior Hamas leader, Mahmoud al-Zahar, in Gaza. Al-Zahar is lightly wounded; his adult son and a bodyguard are killed in the attack. A half-ton bomb destroys the building, marking the first time a Hamas leader has been attacked in his home, an escalation of Israel's campaign against the group. Twenty-five people were wounded, including Zahar's wife and a daughter.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-an-israeli-warplane-targeted-the-apartment-building-which-is-home-of-the-senior-hamas-leader-mahmoud-al-zahar-in-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, War on Terrorism_
2. [Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Qandil makes a visit to Gaza City in hopes of lulling the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. ](/news/2012/11/16/egyptian-prime-minister-hesham-qandil-makes-a-visit-to-gaza-city-in-hopes-of-lulling-the-ongoing-conflict-between-israel-and-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
4. [ Israeli Defense Forces advance on Gaza City and engage in urban warfare with Hamas militants. ](/news/2009/01/13/israeli-defense-forces-advance-on-gaza-city-and-engage-in-urban-warfare-with-hamas-militants.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
5. [ Urban warfare begins between Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas militants as the former push further into Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/12/urban-warfare-begins-between-israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-militants-as-the-former-push-further-into-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
6. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
7. [ Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-them-on-a-house-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Associated Press, Hamas, Israel_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declares that Hamas leaders are "marked for death" and will not have a moment's rest, after Israel failed in an attempt to kill the top-ranking members of Hamas with a 550-pound bomb dropped on a Gaza City apartment.](/news/2003/09/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-declares-that-hamas-leaders-are-marked-for-death-and-will-not-have-a-m.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
10. [ A few hours after the spiritual leader of Hamas, Ahmed Yassin, offered to halt all suicide attacks in exchange for full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and Gaza Strip, an Israeli F-16 jet dropped a bomb into a densely populated residential area of Gaza City. Fifteen people were killed, including Salah Shehade (the leader of Hamas's military wing, the Izz ad-Din el-Qasam Brigades), and more than 100 others were wounded. Nine of the dead were children, including Mohammed al-Huwaiti (aged 4), his brother Subhi (aged 3), Ayman Mattar (aged 1) and Dunya Rami Mattar (aged three months). The United Nations swiftly condemned the action as a flagrant violation of international law. Ariel Sharon, Israel's Prime Minister, said it was "one of our biggest successes", though the Prime Minister's office later added, "it is well known he regrets the killing of civilians."](/news/2002/07/22/a-few-hours-after-the-spiritual-leader-of-hamas-ahmed-yassin-offered-to-halt-all-suicide-attacks-in-exchange-for-full-israeli-withdrawal.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
