### [2003-09-6](/news/2003/09/6/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: European Union foreign ministers denounce the political wing of Hamas as a terrorist organization following the group's claim of responsibility for a truce-shattering bomb attack in Jerusalem.




### Related:

1. [Reuters reports that an Egyptian court has overturned a ruling that Hamas is a terrorist organisation. ](/news/2015/06/6/reuters-reports-that-an-egyptian-court-has-overturned-a-ruling-that-hamas-is-a-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
2. [The European Union removes Hamas from its list of terrorist organizations. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-european-union-removes-hamas-from-its-list-of-terrorist-organizations.md) _Context: EU, Hamas_
3. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
4. [ Arab-Israeli Conflict: The Knesset passes a law against terrorism and against support of terrorism. The controversial law prohibits funding terrorists. It also prohibits aiding the families of perceived terrorists and institutes inciting for terrorism. The law will give Israel the right to confiscate property and funds of any perceived terrorist organization, even though if they do not target Israel or Israelis. The law is part of the state's legal war against terrorism and was approved 62-6. ](/news/2004/12/29/arab-israeli-conflict-the-knesset-passes-a-law-against-terrorism-and-against-support-of-terrorism-the-controversial-law-prohibits-funding.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
5. [ Both the European Union and the government of the United States express concern about Russian President Vladimir Putin's announcement that, as a means of responding to terrorism, he would significantly alter Russia's political system. The Russian government rejects the United States' concerns as inappropriate interference in Russia's internal affairs. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=583655&section=news 1], [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=PK1I2MCEA22IUCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=583654&section=news 2])](/news/2004/09/15/both-the-european-union-and-the-government-of-the-united-states-express-concern-about-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-announcement-that.md) _Context: EU, terrorism_
6. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
7. [ The European Union anti-fraud office (OLAF) is studying documents suggesting that Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian Authority diverted tens of millions of dollars in EU funds to organizations involved in terrorism. "... some of the money reportedly went to the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, which has been involved in terror strikes." Their final report is expected in two months.](/news/2004/02/13/the-european-union-anti-fraud-office-olaf-is-studying-documents-suggesting-that-yasser-arafat-and-the-palestinian-authority-diverted-tens.md) _Context: EU, terrorism_
8. [ War on Terrorism: Saudi Arabian authorities have broken up, for the second time, a militant ring in Mecca amid a wide crackdown on Islamic extremists. The police combated militants in the streets of the holy city of Mecca, killing two of the suspects and uncovering a large cache of weapons. The raid on two buildings in Mecca's al-Share'a neighborhood foiled a terrorist operation "that did not respect the sanctity of holy places and the month of Ramadan".](/news/2003/11/3/war-on-terrorism-saudi-arabian-authorities-have-broken-up-for-the-second-time-a-militant-ring-in-mecca-amid-a-wide-crackdown-on-islamic.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
9. [ War on Terrorism: A terrorism expert with access to intelligence on Al-Qaeda says the group wants to launch a catastrophic attack in the United States.](/news/2003/11/28/war-on-terrorism-a-terrorism-expert-with-access-to-intelligence-on-al-qaeda-says-the-group-wants-to-launch-a-catastrophic-attack-in-the-un.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism: An Israeli warplane drops a relatively small bomb on a house in Gaza City (in an effort to avoid killing innocents, according to military sources who spoke to AP), lightly wounding Hamas founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin and 15 other people in an airstrike that Israeli officials confirm was an attempt to wipe out the Islamic group's top leaders as they assemble for a meeting.](/news/2003/09/6/war-on-terrorism-an-israeli-warplane-drops-a-relatively-small-bomb-on-a-house-in-gaza-city-in-an-effort-to-avoid-killing-innocents-accor.md) _Context: Hamas, War on Terrorism_
