### [2012-01-29](/news/2012/01/29/index.md)

# In Addis Ababa, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon addresses the first African Union summit since the demise of Muammar Gaddafi, calling for improvement of LGBT rights. 

UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urges African leaders to respect gay rights in his opening address at the African Union summit.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-16780079)

### Related:

1. [The African Union opens its new headquarters in Addis Ababa. ](/news/2012/01/28/the-african-union-opens-its-new-headquarters-in-addis-ababa.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, African Union_
2. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Autopsy results reveal that former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was killed by a gunshot to the head. ](/news/2011/10/23/2011-libyan-civil-war-autopsy-results-reveal-that-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-was-killed-by-a-gunshot-to-the-head.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, demise_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]. The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]. Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, demise_
4. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-to.md) _Context: African Union, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [An African Union mission arrives in Libya to negotiate a settlement in the 2011 Libyan civil war between Muammar Gaddafi and his opponents. ](/news/2011/04/10/an-african-union-mission-arrives-in-libya-to-negotiate-a-settlement-in-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-between-muammar-gaddafi-and-his-opponents.md) _Context: African Union, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is -encouraged- by recent developments in Guinean politics, and states the UN will continue working with the African Union (AU), the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and other partners. ](/news/2010/01/12/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-is-encouraged-by-recent-developments-in-guinean-politics-and-states-the-un-will-continue-working-wit.md) _Context: African Union, Ban Ki-moon_
7. [Gaddafi family. Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [A landslide at a rubbish dump on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, kills at least 48 people. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-landslide-at-a-rubbish-dump-on-the-outskirts-of-addis-ababa-ethiopia-kills-at-least-48-people.md) _Context: Addis Ababa_
9. [Enlargement of the African Union. Morocco rejoins the African Union after a 33-year absence, despite opposition from several member states over the political status of Western Sahara. ](/news/2017/01/31/enlargement-of-the-african-union-morocco-rejoins-the-african-union-after-a-33-year-absence-despite-opposition-from-several-member-states-o.md) _Context: African Union_
10. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: African Union_
