### [2012-01-29](/news/2012/01/29/index.md)

# The exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal and Abdullah II of Jordan meet in Khaled Meshaal's first trip to Jordan since his expulsion in 1999. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/01/29/world/meast/jordan-mideast-talks/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
2. [The Palestinian Islamic organization Hamas re-elects Khaled Meshaal as its leader. The group also passes a new law ordering gender segregation in Gaza's schools that will go into effect in September. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-palestinian-islamic-organization-hamas-re-elects-khaled-meshaal-as-its-leader-the-group-also-passes-a-new-law-ordering-gender-segregati.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
3. [ A planned meeting between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal is postponed. ](/news/2007/01/20/a-planned-meeting-between-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-meshaal-is-postponed.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Hamas, King Abdullah_
5. [ Yasser Arafat's funeral procession is held in Cairo, Egypt. Arafat is given full military honours and his coffin is led by a horse-drawn carriage. Leaders of Muslim and Arab countries as well as other dignitaries attend, including Khaled Meshaal, head of Hamas, who is currently sought by Israel. ](/news/2004/11/11/yasser-arafat-s-funeral-procession-is-held-in-cairo-egypt-arafat-is-given-full-military-honours-and-his-coffin-is-led-by-a-horse-drawn-ca.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
6. [ Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi is chosen to lead Hamas in the Gaza Strip, and the movement's exiled politburo chief Khaled Meshaal is chosen as its overall leader. ](/news/2004/03/23/abdel-aziz-al-rantissi-is-chosen-to-lead-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-and-the-movement-s-exiled-politburo-chief-khaled-meshaal-is-chosen-as-its.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
7. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Hamas_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: King Abdullah_
9. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas_
10. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Hamas_
