### [2015-07-16](/news/2015/07/16/index.md)

# A shooting occurs at a United States Navy recruiting office and a Navy operational support center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing four U.S. Marines and the gunman and wounding a police officer, a Marine Corps recruiter and a sailor who is listed in serious condition. 

&quot;Today is a nightmare for the city of Chattanooga,&quot; Mayor Andy Berke said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2015/07/16/active-shooter--chattanooga-military-facility/30240535/)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/police-officer-shot-tennessee-naval-reserve-center-n393266?cid=eml_nbn_20150716)
3. [Reuters via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/chattanooga-shooting-suspect-identified-cbs/ar-AAd3U69)
4. [WRCB](http://www.wrcbtv.com/story/29563843/officer-involved-shooting-at-us-naval-reserve)
4. [Cover Image](https://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_29/1126921/150716-chattanooga-shootings-01_64aba71b91bbcf0d76d43beb927f6db0.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: Marines, United States Navy_
2. [FBI Director Comey also announces the five military shooting deaths last July in Chattanooga, Tennessee, are now officially classified as a terrorist attack. The shooter, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, was inspired and motivated by foreign terrorist propaganda. U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus announces the Navy will award the Purple Heart to the four Marines and one sailor who were killed, and the one Marine who was injured. ](/news/2015/12/16/fbi-director-comey-also-announces-the-five-military-shooting-deaths-last-july-in-chattanooga-tennessee-are-now-officially-classified-as-a.md) _Context: 2015 Chattanooga shootings, Chattanooga, Tennessee_
3. [ US Marine Corporal Wassef Ali Hassoun appears unharmed at the US Embassy in Beirut. Hassoun disappeared from his unit in Iraq on June 21, and was incorrectly reported as having been beheaded by the group that captured him. The United States Navy has launched an investigation into the incident. ](/news/2004/07/8/us-marine-corporal-wassef-ali-hassoun-appears-unharmed-at-the-us-embassy-in-beirut-hassoun-disappeared-from-his-unit-in-iraq-on-june-21-a.md) _Context: Marines, United States Navy_
4. [Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-the-coast-of-the-australi.md) _Context: Marines_
5. [The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-states-seventh-fleet-following-four-collisions-in-asia.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-efforts-are-underway-with.md) _Context: United States Navy_
7. [The wreckage of the Indianapolis 6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i-58-and-sunk-in-1945-after-delivering-p.md) _Context: Marines_
8. [The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disciplined-in-the-aftermath-of-the-collision-with-a.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-hours-for-an-operational-reset-t.md) _Context: Marines_
10. [The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: United States Navy_
