### [2015-07-16](/news/2015/07/16/index.md)

# Ash from the Raung volcano closes five airports in Indonesia, while ash from the Gamalama volcano closes the Babullah Airport in Ternate. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/volcanic-ash-shuts/1989650.html)

### Related:

1. [Indonesian volcano eruptions: Thousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/indonesian-volcano-eruptions-thousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia, Raung_
2. [Indonesia closes four airports including Bali International Airport due to an ongoing eruption by the Raung volcano on Java. ](/news/2015/07/10/indonesia-closes-four-airports-including-bali-international-airport-due-to-an-ongoing-eruption-by-the-raung-volcano-on-java.md) _Context: Indonesia, Raung_
3. [The Indonesian volcano Gamalama erupts injuring four people and leaving one person missing. ](/news/2014/12/19/the-indonesian-volcano-gamalama-erupts-injuring-four-people-and-leaving-one-person-missing.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
4. [Four people are killed and 1,000 others flee their homes amid lahars from the Mount Gamalama volcano in Indonesia. ](/news/2011/12/28/four-people-are-killed-and-1-000-others-flee-their-homes-amid-lahars-from-the-mount-gamalama-volcano-in-indonesia.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
5. [ A 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Ternate, Indonesia, followed by a 7.2 magnitude quake near Hokkaido, Japan. ](/news/2008/09/11/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-hits-near-ternate-indonesia-followed-by-a-7-2-magnitude-quake-near-hokkaido-japan.md) _Context: Indonesia, Ternate_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
