### [2015-07-16](/news/2015/07/16/index.md)

# Members of exiled President of Yemen Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi's Cabinet tour the southern city of Aden for the first time in several months. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3163332/Exiled-govt-ministers-return-Yemens-Aden--officials.html#ixzz3g1jNn96L)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejects a cabinet reshuffle ordered  by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders. These problems started in March after the president appointed the minister of health  as acting foreign minister  without consulting the prime minister. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-rejects-a-cabinet-reshuffle-ordered-by-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-another-sign-of-the-deepening-r.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni President_
2. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Aden, Yemen_
3. [Loyalists of exiled President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi capture Aden International Airport after four months of being under Houthi control. ](/news/2015/07/15/loyalists-of-exiled-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-capture-aden-international-airport-after-four-months-of-being-under-houthi-control.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present), Yemeni President_
4. [Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi withdraws his resignation as President of Yemen after escaping from the custody of the Houthis. ](/news/2015/02/24/abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-withdraws-his-resignation-as-president-of-yemen-after-escaping-from-the-custody-of-the-houthis.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present), Yemeni President_
5. [Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-head-of-aden-governor.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
6. [A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a-military-barracks-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
7. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
8. [The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-i.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
9. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
10. [The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-re.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
