### [2015-07-16](/news/2015/07/16/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency: The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean, just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. 




### Source:

1. [Ahram Online](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/135525/Egypt/Politics-/UPDATED-Egypts-Islamic-State-affiliate-claims-rock.aspx)
2. [Time](http://time.com/3960691/isis-frigate-egypt-sinai/)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Sinai insurgency: A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/sinai-insurgency-a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Sinai Insurgency: The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/sinai-insurgency-the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Sinai insurgency:: Two suicide bombers ram a car with explosives. Egyptian military says one hit the local branch of military intelligence, while the other struck an army checkpoint in Rafah killing nine soldiers and wounding 17 others. ](/news/2013/09/11/sinai-insurgency-two-suicide-bombers-ram-a-car-with-explosives-egyptian-military-says-one-hit-the-local-branch-of-military-intelligence.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
5. [Botroseya Church bombing: The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the Egyptian Coptic Church bombing in Cairo that claimed 25 lives on 11 December. ](/news/2016/12/13/botroseya-church-bombing-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-egyptian-coptic-church-bombing-in-cairo-tha.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Sinai insurgency: Egyptian government airstrikes on jihadist targets in North Sinai Governorate, leave at least 100 terrorists killed and 40 others wounded. ](/news/2016/10/15/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-government-airstrikes-on-jihadist-targets-in-north-sinai-governorate-leave-at-least-100-terrorists-killed-and-40.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
7. [Sinai insurgency: At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
8. [Sinai insurgency: At least 13 Egyptian policemen are killed after a security checkpoint in the city of Arish, North Sinai Governorate, came under attack by militants. Ambulances were reportedly subjected to heavy gunfire as they attempted to reach the wounded. The Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/19/sinai-insurgency-at-least-13-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-after-a-security-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate-came.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Metrojet Flight 9268: Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/metrojet-flight-9268-two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Sinai insurgency: November 2015 Sinai attack: A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/sinai-insurgency-november-2015-sinai-attack-a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housi.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
