### [2012-03-13](/news/2012/03/13/index.md)

# British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. 

Rebekah Brooks and her husband are among six people who have been arrested this morning on suspicion of conspiring to pervert the course of justice by police officers investigating allegations of phone hacking.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/british-police-6-people-arrested-in-newspaper-phone-hacking-investigation/2012/03/13/gIQAXD438R_story.html)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/phone-hacking/9140031/Six-arrested-on-suspicion-of-conspiracy-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-by-phone-hack-police.html)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/rebekah-brooks-arrested-again-in-british-phone-hacking-scandal/2012/03/13/gIQAvGqk9R_story.html)

### Related:

1. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others: Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal:: Rebekah Brooks resigns as chief executive of News International as a result of the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/07/15/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-rebekah-brooks-resigns-as-chief-executive-of-news-international-as-a-result-of-the-news-internati.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
6. [Rebekah Brooks, the former CEO of News International, appears at Westminster Magistrates Court on phone hacking charges alongside her husband and four other News International employees. ](/news/2012/06/13/rebekah-brooks-the-former-ceo-of-news-international-appears-at-westminster-magistrates-court-on-phone-hacking-charges-alongside-her-husban.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
7. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal:: Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, James Murdoch tells the hearing that News International's corporate systems failed to pick up on legal issues posed by its news gathering techniques. ](/news/2012/04/24/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-appearing-before-the-leveson-inquiry-james-murdoch-tells-the-hearing-that-news-international-s-c.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [James Murdoch resigns from News International to focus on running News Limited's television business with the News International phone hacking scandal as a factor in the decision. ](/news/2012/02/29/james-murdoch-resigns-from-news-international-to-focus-on-running-news-limited-s-television-business-with-the-news-international-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [News International pays out compensation to 37 people, including the actor Jude Law and politician John Prescott. over phone hacking by the "News of the World". ](/news/2012/01/19/news-international-pays-out-compensation-to-37-people-including-the-actor-jude-law-and-politician-john-prescott-over-phone-hacking-by-the.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
