### [2012-03-13](/news/2012/03/13/index.md)

# Most of the largest financial institutions in the United States pass a Federal Reserve System stress test although Citigroup, MetLife, Ally Financial and SunTrust do not. 

Most of the largest banks passed their annual stress test, the Federal Reserve revealed in an earlier-than-expected release of the results, after JPMorgan Chase pulled the trigger on announcing its glowing marks and helped lift the stock market.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/13/us-usa-banks-stresstests-idUSBRE82C19020120313?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Citigroup, MetLife, United States_
2. [The Federal Reserve System raises the benchmark interest rate in the United States to a level between 0.5 and 0.75%. This is the second time in a decade that the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-federal-reserve-system-raises-the-benchmark-interest-rate-in-the-united-states-to-a-level-between-0-5-and-0-75-this-is-the-second-time.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
3. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Ally Financial, Citigroup_
4. [MetLife, the largest life insurance company in the United States, claims that shares held by the American International Group (AIG) have been sold for $6.35 billion to help pay back the United States government for the bailout. ](/news/2011/03/2/metlife-the-largest-life-insurance-company-in-the-united-states-claims-that-shares-held-by-the-american-international-group-aig-have-bee.md) _Context: MetLife, United States_
5. [A United States jury rules that Citigroup did not mislead Terra Firma Capital Partners in its bid for music group EMI. ](/news/2010/11/4/a-united-states-jury-rules-that-citigroup-did-not-mislead-terra-firma-capital-partners-in-its-bid-for-music-group-emi.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
6. [International stock markets slump in value in Asia, Europe and North America due to speculation brought about by comments from the Federal Reserve System of the United States. ](/news/2010/08/11/international-stock-markets-slump-in-value-in-asia-europe-and-north-america-due-to-speculation-brought-about-by-comments-from-the-federal-r.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
7. [ The United States Supervisory Capital Assessment Program finds that financial services companies JPMorgan Chase, and American Express do not need more capital from the Troubled Asset Relief Program. ](/news/2009/05/6/the-united-states-supervisory-capital-assessment-program-finds-that-financial-services-companies-jpmorgan-chase-and-american-express-do-no.md) _Context: United States, stress test_
8. [ Federal Reserve System Chairman Ben Bernanke caps United States Treasury Department yields. ](/news/2009/03/18/federal-reserve-system-chairman-ben-bernanke-caps-united-states-treasury-department-yields.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
9. [ United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Philadelphia Fed Bank President Charles Plosser differ publicly on stabilizing the economy. ](/news/2009/01/14/united-states-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-and-philadelphia-fed-bank-president-charles-plosser-differ-publicly-on-stabilizing-the.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
10. [ Citigroup receives US$32 billion from the United States Emergency Economic Stabilization Act. ](/news/2008/11/24/citigroup-receives-us-32-billion-from-the-united-states-emergency-economic-stabilization-act.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
