### [2012-03-13](/news/2012/03/13/index.md)

# Republican Party presidential primaries:: Voters in the US states of Alabama and Mississippi head to the polls for primaries with Rick Santorum winning in both states. 

Rick Santorum won the Alabama and Mississippi primaries, holding off stiff challenges from Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jmEli4uKcgyyv9hI7ObACQSSnVSg?docId=5ee98b334cb34148840337b9c31c77e9)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/03/13/politics/primaries/index.html?eref=rss_us)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/03/13/hawaii-republicans-to-vote-in-first-ever-gop-caucuses/)
4. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.rnzi.com/pages/news.php?op=read&id=66729)
5. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/onpolitics/post/2012/03/romney-gingrich-alabama-mississippi-results-/1)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2012:: American politician Rick Santorum suspends his candidacy for the Republican nomination, increasing the likelihood that Mitt Romney will be the nominee. ](/news/2012/04/10/united-states-presidential-election-2012-american-politician-rick-santorum-suspends-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nomination-increasi.md) _Context: Republican primaries, Rick Santorum_
2. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012:: Republican primary candidate and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wins the 2012 Iowa Caucus, with candidate and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum behind by eight votes; Congressman Ron Paul had a strong showing in third place. ](/news/2012/01/4/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2012-republican-primary-candidate-and-former-massachusetts-governor-mitt-romney-wins-the-2012-iow.md) _Context: Republican primaries, Rick Santorum_
3. [Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election, 2017: Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/democratic-party-italy-leadership-election-2017-former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democrat.md) _Context: primary election_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: primary election_
5. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: primary election_
6. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: primary election_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: New Hampshire primary: Voters in the state of New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election in this year's presidential cycle. ](/news/2016/02/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-hampshire-primary-voters-in-the-state-of-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary.md) _Context: primary election_
8. [United States congressional elections, 2016: Following the United States Supreme Court's denial of North Carolina's request to use the current district map, the state's legislature meets the deadline for a court-ordered reapportionment of its congressional voting districts. Congressional primaries are rescheduled to June 7, 2016, from March 15. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-congressional-elections-2016-following-the-united-states-supreme-court-s-denial-of-north-carolina-s-request-to-use-the-curre.md) _Context: primary election_
9. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015: Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representa.md) _Context: primary election_
10. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016: CNN announces the September 16, prime time presidential debate panel. Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-su.md) _Context: Rick Santorum_
