### [2012-03-13](/news/2012/03/13/index.md)

# The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. 

The US, EU and Japan file a landmark trade case against China over export of rare earths, which are critical to the manufacture of high-tech products.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-17348648)

### Related:

1. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The European Union sides with the United States over Tuesday's U.S.-Chinese patrolling incident in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-european-union-sides-with-the-united-states-over-tuesday-s-u-s-chinese-patrolling-incident.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
5. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
6. [The United States reclaims its spot as the top export market for Japan as China slips due to economic slowdown. Japan's overall annual trade deficit meanwhile reaches 8.2 trillion yen, the highest on record. ](/news/2013/04/18/the-united-states-reclaims-its-spot-as-the-top-export-market-for-japan-as-china-slips-due-to-economic-slowdown-japan-s-overall-annual-trade.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
7. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
8. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
9. [Robert Zoellick, the President of the World Bank, claims that the world economy has entered the "danger zone", with the United States, European Union and Japan having to make tough decisions. ](/news/2011/09/14/robert-zoellick-the-president-of-the-world-bank-claims-that-the-world-economy-has-entered-the-danger-zone-with-the-united-states-europ.md) _Context: European Union, Japan, United States_
10. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has repeatedly called on the DPRK to re-engage in the Six-Party Talks that also involve the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, Russia and the United States. ](/news/2010/02/12/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-has-repeatedly-called-on-the-dprk-to-re-engage-in-the-six-party-talks-that-also-involve-the-republic-of-korea.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
