### [2017-05-16](/news/2017/05/16/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. 

An Israeli cabinet member on Tuesday claimed that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should not simply be removed from office -- he should be killed.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/05/16/israeli-lawmaker-assassinate-syrias-assad.html)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/16/world/middleeast/syria-negotiations-prison-crematory.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Syria peace talks in Vienna. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Israel, President, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Israel, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/syrian-civil-war-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bash.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
7. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States State Department_
9. [Syrian civil war. Russia-United States relations. The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/syrian-civil-war-russia-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-b.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States State Department_
10. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
