### [2017-05-16](/news/2017/05/16/index.md)

# The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. 

An advanced research centre to be shared by the troubled region has opened today in Jordan.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-39927836)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Jordan, Middle East_
2. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing. An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
3. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Iran, Jordan, Turkey_
4. [Negotiators from Israel and the Palestinian Authority meet in the Jordanian capital, Amman, for the first time in 16 months. ](/news/2012/01/3/negotiators-from-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-meet-in-the-jordanian-capital-amman-for-the-first-time-in-16-months.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Turkey's national security council adds Israeli activity in the Middle East, "online terror" and global warming to a document listing potential threats, while removing Armenia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Iran and Syria from the same list. The document also calls for a Middle East without nuclear weapons. ](/news/2010/10/30/turkey-s-national-security-council-adds-israeli-activity-in-the-middle-east-online-terror-and-global-warming-to-a-document-listing-potent.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
6. [A Palestinian Authority spokesman says that Iran has no standing to criticize them for relaunching direct talks with Israel while Iran "represses their people," after the Iranian foreign minister says those negotiating with Israel are "betraying their nations." ](/news/2010/09/5/a-palestinian-authority-spokesman-says-that-iran-has-no-standing-to-criticize-them-for-relaunching-direct-talks-with-israel-while-iran-repr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
7. [Turkey's Foreign Ministry summons Israel's ambassador after the Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak accuses the new head of Turkish intelligence of being a "friend of Iran". ](/news/2010/08/3/turkey-s-foreign-ministry-summons-israel-s-ambassador-after-the-israeli-defence-minister-ehud-barak-accuses-the-new-head-of-turkish-intellig.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
8. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
9. [Turkey's Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, describes Israel as the "main threat to peace" in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/04/7/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-describes-israel-as-the-main-threat-to-peace-in-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East, Turkey_
10. [ Middle East. Israel and Syria reveal indirect peace negotiations in Turkey in hopes of direct talks leading to a border agreement. ](/news/2008/05/21/middle-east-israel-and-syria-reveal-indirect-peace-negotiations-in-turkey-in-hopes-of-direct-talks-leading-to-a-border-agreement.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East, Turkey_
