### [2017-05-16](/news/2017/05/16/index.md)

# "The New York Times" reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. 

The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee demanded Tuesday that the FBI turn over all documents it has about communications between President Donald Trump and former FBI Director James Comey. Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah sent the letter a few hours after it was reported that Trump allegedly asked Comey to end the FBI&#x27;s investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who resigned in February following reports that he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Russia&#x27;s ambassador to the United States.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/oversight-chairman-jason-chaffetz-demands-all-fbi-documents-trump-comey-n760556?cid=eml_nbn_20170516)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/16/us/politics/james-comey-trump-flynn-russia-investigation.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_16/1969941/170419-jason-chaffetz-utah-hearing-njs-1114a_fd302ab6000300c1fe8cd039d9f9f32c.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, James Comey, U.S. President_
2. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Michael Flynn, U.S. President_
3. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Many voices arguing in favor of amnesty and mass immigration claim the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [Amid criticism of U.S. national anthem protests by U.S. President Donald Trump, some National Football League players and teams react to the controversy by kneeling, linking arms, or skipping game performances of the national anthem. ](/news/2017/09/24/amid-criticism-of-u-s-national-anthem-protests-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-some-national-football-league-players-and-teams-react-to-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
7. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
