### [2006-12-12](/news/2006/12/12/index.md)

#  Leading climatologists warn that most of the Arctic ice will have melted by 2040 and the North Pole will be open water. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-2499663,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20 F. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32 F threshold for a brief moment, according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50 F-change higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
2. [A Russian Airborne Troops spokesman says the VDV is planning to expand their military exercises into the North Pole area of the Arctic in 2016. ](/news/2015/11/30/a-russian-airborne-troops-spokesman-says-the-vdv-is-planning-to-expand-their-military-exercises-into-the-north-pole-area-of-the-arctic-in-20.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
3. [ Stephen Harper, the Prime Minister of Canada tours the Arctic regions of Canada to assert wider claims of sovereignty over the region following a recent claim by Russia to the North Pole. ](/news/2007/08/9/stephen-harper-the-prime-minister-of-canada-tours-the-arctic-regions-of-canada-to-assert-wider-claims-of-sovereignty-over-the-region-follo.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
4. [ 2007 Russian North Pole expedition: A Russian expedition with the aim of claiming petroleum beneath the Arctic reaches the North Pole. ](/news/2007/08/1/2007-russian-north-pole-expedition-a-russian-expedition-with-the-aim-of-claiming-petroleum-beneath-the-arctic-reaches-the-north-pole.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
5. [French ecology minister Nicolas Hulot announces France is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040. ](/news/2017/07/6/french-ecology-minister-nicolas-hulot-announces-france-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-vehicles-by-2040.md) _Context: 2040_
6. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: 2040_
7. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: climate science_
8. [An avalanche in Svalbard, a Norwegian Arctic archipelago, kills one and injures nine others as the snow smashes into 10 houses in Longyearbyen. The deluge from Sukkertoppen mountain follows Friday's 60 mph storm that ripped off a school roof and temporarily closed the airport. Dozens of homes at the foot of the mountain were evacuated and all of the area's residents have been located, according to Tone Hertzberg, a spokeswoman for Svalbard's governor. Experts from Norges Geotekniske Institutt are examining nearby slopes. ](/news/2015/12/20/an-avalanche-in-svalbard-a-norwegian-arctic-archipelago-kills-one-and-injures-nine-others-as-the-snow-smashes-into-10-houses-in-longyearby.md) _Context: Arctic_
9. [The United States cancels two potential Arctic lease sales off Alaska's northern coast, and announces Shell and Statoil current leases will not be extended because of "current market conditions and low industry interest." ](/news/2015/10/17/the-united-states-cancels-two-potential-arctic-lease-sales-off-alaska-s-northern-coast-and-announces-shell-and-statoil-current-leases-will.md) _Context: Arctic_
10. [Authorized by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, Denmark becomes the first country to officially submit a claim on the North Pole. ](/news/2014/12/15/authorized-by-the-united-nations-convention-on-the-law-of-the-sea-denmark-becomes-the-first-country-to-officially-submit-a-claim-on-the-nor.md) _Context: North Pole_
