### [2015-07-21](/news/2015/07/21/index.md)

#  The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and human rights organizations say that YPG fighters have captured one juvenile prison and a power station south of Al-Hasakah. ([http://www.kurdpress.ir/En/NSite/FullStory/News/?Id=10887 kurdpress])




### Related:

1. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Kurdish, YPG_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (November 2016). Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Kurdish, YPG_
3. [ISIL involvement. A suicide bomb explosion in Kurdish-controlled Al-Hasakah in northeastern Syria kills at least 16 people, including three children and two women. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/5/isil-involvement-a-suicide-bomb-explosion-in-kurdish-controlled-al-hasakah-in-northeastern-syria-kills-at-least-16-people-including-three.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah, Kurdish_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present). A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-kurdish-islamist-conflict-2013-present-a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town.md) _Context: Kurdish, YPG_
5. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-i.md) _Context: Kurdish, YPG_
6. [Syrian civil war. A suspected female suicide bomber kills at least 20 people at a Kurdish wedding in the Syrian city of Al-Hasakah. ](/news/2016/10/3/syrian-civil-war-a-suspected-female-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-20-people-at-a-kurdish-wedding-in-the-syrian-city-of-al-hasakah.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah_
7. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Kurdish_
8. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah_
9. [2016 Turkish purges. Turkish authorities remove two dozen elected Kurdish mayors in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/09/12/2016-turkish-purges-turkish-authorities-remove-two-dozen-elected-kurdish-mayors-in-southeast-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdish_
10. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Suspected Kurdish militants fire rockets at Diyarbakir Airport in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/08/27/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-suspected-kurdish-militants-fire-rockets-at-diyarbaka-r-airport-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdish_
