### [2015-07-21](/news/2015/07/21/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. The Governor of Ohio John Kasich becomes the 16th person to seek the nomination of the Republican Party. 

Ohio Gov. John Kasich is officially running for the Republican nomination for president, he said in an announcement speech in his home state.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/john-kasich-says-hes-running-president-n395396)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Ohio Governor John Kasich suspends his campaign. He was the last Republican Party challenger to Donald Trump for the GOP presidential nomination. ](/news/2016/05/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ohio-governor-john-kasich-suspends-his-campaign-he-was-the-last-republican-party-challenger-to-d.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, John Kasich, Republican_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, John Kasich, Republican_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous". ](/news/2016/12/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
9. [Mexico-United States relations. U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexico-united-states-relations-u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
10. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks. Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
