### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# APEC Philippines 2015: Asia-Pacific leaders, in the Philippines for the 2015 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting, which has been overshadowed by the concurrent Paris attacks, call on governments to urgently increase cooperation in the fight against terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f7365f863de64f9eb8955abee29d6e76/apec-leaders-urgent-need-cooperate-against-terrorism)
2. [The Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/behind-pomp-of-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-summit-crushing-poverty-endures/articleshow/49843988.cms)

### Related:

1. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: Asia Pacific, Philippines_
2. [APEC Philippines 2015: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama-s comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/apec-philippines-2015-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artifici.md) _Context: APEC Philippines 2015, Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
3. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: Asia Pacific, Philippines_
4. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
5. [Earthquakes in 2017: Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Philippines_
