### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): A Palestinian kills three people, including an American student and another Palestinian, and injures four others, after opening fire at Israeli cars and then ramming his vehicle into a group of pedestrians, injuring several more near Alon Shvut in the West Bank. 

US citizen, Palestinian among dead in attack, bringing day&#8217;s toll to 5 &#8212; the highest in a single day in latest terror wave


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/3-dead-several-wounded-in-etzion-bloc-shooting-attack/)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/one-israeli-dead-as-stabber-attacks-tel-aviv-office-building/)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4728168,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): An Israeli couple are injured in a drive-by shooting attack near Avnei Hefetz. ](/news/2015/12/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-an-israeli-couple-are-injured-in-a-drive-by-shooting-attack-near-avnei-hefetz.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israeli forces shoot and kill a 72-year-old woman in Halhul, a town near Hebron. The soldiers say she attempted to wound them with her car. Her son denies this, saying his mother was on her way to lunch with her sister. Later, three Israelis are shot and wounded, one seriously, in two incidents in Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-forces-shoot-and-kill-a-72-year-old-woman-in-halhul-a-town-near-hebron-the-soldiers-say-she.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two Palestinian drivers drive their vehicles into groups of Israeli soldiers in two separate attacks in the occupied West bank. Both drivers are shot dead. In this current wave of violence that began in October, 19 Israelis, one U.S. citizen, and 93 Palestinians have died. ](/news/2015/11/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-palestinian-drivers-drive-their-vehicles-into-groups-of-israeli-soldiers-in-two-separate-attacks.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): The Palestinian Ministry of Health says a 21 year-old man has died in clashes with Israeli Army soldiers. ](/news/2015/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-the-palestinian-ministry-of-health-says-a-21-year-old-man-has-died-in-clashes-with-israeli-army-soldi.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-incl.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
