### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. 

Pollard has been serving a life sentence in a US prison since 1987.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/39e8e3dad0154301b64f66f57b3b8439/freedom-nears-american-convicted-spying-israel)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/19/us/jonathan-pollard-israel-spy-release/index.html)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Diaspora/Jonathan-Pollard-to-be-released-November-20-410419)

### Related:

1. [The United States releases on parole convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst, who served 30 years in federal prison. His parole, approved on July 28, 2015, is for five years  during which time he has to remain in the United States. A supporter said Pollard will have a curfew and will wear a GPS unit. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-united-states-releases-on-parole-convicted-israeli-spy-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-who-served-30-years-in-fede.md) _Context: American, Israel, Jonathan Pollard, federal prison, parole_
2. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: American, Israel_
3. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, Israel_
4. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: American, Israel_
5. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: American, espionage_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: American, Israel_
7. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: American, Obama Administration_
8. [Eddie Ray Routh is found guilty of the 2013 murder of United States Navy SEALs' sniper Chris Kyle and Kyle's friend Chad Littlefield in Texas. Routh is automatically sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. ](/news/2015/02/24/eddie-ray-routh-is-found-guilty-of-the-2013-murder-of-united-states-navy-seals-sniper-chris-kyle-and-kyle-s-friend-chad-littlefield-in-texa.md) _Context: life imprisonment, parole_
9. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. ](/news/2014/07/24/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-lifts-its-ban-on-aircraft-travelling-to-and-from-israel-imposed-due-to-concerns-about-hama.md) _Context: American, Israel_
10. [UNESCO suspends the voting rights of the United States and Israel after both countries refused to pay their dues as a protest to the membership of the State of Palestine. ](/news/2013/11/8/unesco-suspends-the-voting-rights-of-the-united-states-and-israel-after-both-countries-refused-to-pay-their-dues-as-a-protest-to-the-members.md) _Context: American, Israel_
