### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# Killing of captives by ISIL. China vows to "bring to justice" those responsible for executing one of its citizens after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant said it had killed a Chinese hostage. China's Foreign Ministry also confirms the hostage's identity for the first time, naming him as Fan Jinghui. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/beijing-vows-justice/2274612.html)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: China, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Killing of captives by ISIL. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) releases a video showing the killing of five men accused of committing espionage on the militant group for the United Kingdom. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office released a statement saying that they are examining the content of the video. ](/news/2016/01/4/killing-of-captives-by-isil-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-releases-a-video-showing-the-killing-of-five-men-accused-of-com.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Killing of captives by ISIL_
3. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: China, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: China, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: China, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: China, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
7. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake. A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
