### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. 

More than 500,000 people - a quarter of them children - were homeless in the United States this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation, according to a study released on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/20/us-usa-homelessness-idUSKCN0T908720151120#tHdY88eBiwMYrAIM.97)

### Related:

1. [Anti-Trump protests: Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Los Angeles, Portland, Oregon_
2. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon, Seattle_
3. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [Energy in California: An explosion at a Northridge power plant causes a widespread power outage in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles. ](/news/2017/07/8/energy-in-california-an-explosion-at-a-northridge-power-plant-causes-a-widespread-power-outage-in-the-san-fernando-valley-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
5. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780: A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: Hawaii_
6. [Marco Polo condo fire: At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/marco-polo-condo-fire-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-i.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-an.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [2017 Portland train attack: Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two teenage girls, one of them wearing a hijab. ](/news/2017/05/26/2017-portland-train-attack-two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
9. [Bertha, once the world's largest tunnel boring machine, completes its 9,270|ft|m|adj=mid|-long tunnel under Seattle, Washington, after four years of digging and a lengthy delay near the beginning of the project. ](/news/2017/04/4/bertha-once-the-world-s-largest-tunnel-boring-machine-completes-its-9-270-ft-m-adj-mid-long-tunnel-under-seattle-washington-after-four.md) _Context: Seattle_
10. [United States immigration ban: A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/united-states-immigration-ban-a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the.md) _Context: Hawaii_
