### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# The Obama Administration through the United States State Department expresses deep frustration over the lack of democratic progress in Thailand after last year's military coup, saying a new constitution there won't pass the "smell test" unless civil society helps to draft it. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/822373ce280b4c9b83418d75a6d90461/us-voices-frustration-over-democracy-progress-thailand)
2. [US Dept of State](http://www.state.gov/j/drl/rls/rm/2015/249788.htm)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: Russia-United States relations: The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/syrian-civil-war-russia-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-b.md) _Context: Obama Administration, United States State Department_
2. [ Buddhist monks protest in the streets of Bangkok, demanding that Buddhism be made the official religion of Thailand under a new constitution. ](/news/2007/04/25/buddhist-monks-protest-in-the-streets-of-bangkok-demanding-that-buddhism-be-made-the-official-religion-of-thailand-under-a-new-constitutio.md) _Context: Thailand, constitution_
3. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
4. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
5. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
6. [North Korea-United States relations: After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: United States State Department_
8. [South Thailand insurgency: A wave of small-scale terrorist attacks, including tire burning and the bombing of the electric grid, hits the Thai provinces of Yala, Pattani, Narathiwat, and Songkhla in response to the new Constitution of Thailand. ](/news/2017/04/7/south-thailand-insurgency-a-wave-of-small-scale-terrorist-attacks-including-tire-burning-and-the-bombing-of-the-electric-grid-hits-the-th.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [Thai King Vajiralongkorn signed into law a new Constitution of Thailand that paves the way for democratic reforms while allowing the Royal Thai Army to retain its influential role in Thai politics. ](/news/2017/04/6/thai-king-vajiralongkorn-signed-into-law-a-new-constitution-of-thailand-that-paves-the-way-for-democratic-reforms-while-allowing-the-royal-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
10. [South Thailand insurgency: Joint bomb and gun attacks kill at least two in Narathiwat, Pattani, and Songkhla Provinces of Thailand, the latest in a long string of such attacks. ](/news/2017/04/19/south-thailand-insurgency-joint-bomb-and-gun-attacks-kill-at-least-two-in-narathiwat-pattani-and-songkhla-provinces-of-thailand-the-late.md) _Context: Thailand_
