### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. 

Extensive advertisements of direct-to-consumer prescription drugs and medical devices should be banned because patients are now driven to opt for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/11/19/american-medical-association-urges-ban-on-tv-drug-ads/?uid=0ef76ca8-45d6-11e0-a478-1231380f446b&wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_mix)
2. [The Science Times](http://www.sciencetimes.com/articles/7736/20151119/medical-doctor-group-ama-seeks-ban-ads-prescription-drugs.htm)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
2. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: FDA_
3. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
4. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
5. [The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks-to-sue-saudi-arabia-u-s-president-bar.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
6. [The Oklahoma Legislature files a measure asking for Congress to impeach Barack Obama over his decision to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms corresponding to their gender identity. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-files-a-measure-asking-for-congress-to-impeach-barack-obama-over-his-decision-to-allow-transgender-students-to-use.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
7. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486).  The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence.  Changes include  reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: FDA_
9. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
10. [Tribal chair Charlotte Rodrique of the local Burns Paiute Tribe has joined in asking the occupiers to leave saying "The protesters have no claim to this land". Rodrique further cites a treaty, never ratified by the United States Congress, giving ownership of the land to the tribe. ](/news/2016/01/7/tribal-chair-charlotte-rodrique-of-the-local-burns-paiute-tribe-has-joined-in-asking-the-occupiers-to-leave-saying-the-protesters-have-no-c.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
