### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# The French National Assembly approves President Francois Hollande's request to extend the current state of emergency for three months. The Senate must still approve the measure. 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud was killed during a violent police raid conducted by Paris authorities in Paris suburb of Saint-Denis on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/dozens-watch-us-fear-paris-copycat-attack/story?id=35308750)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/11/19/456607650/architect-of-paris-attacks-was-killed-in-raid-french-authorities-say)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/20/us-france-shooting-watchlists-idUSKCN0T900N20151120#FTVkiVcffrxDcKv1.97)
4. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/19/UN-committee-denounces-North-Korea-human-rights-violations/1891447986491/)
4. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2015/11/19/ap_825267826292_wide-c73b4a9d41034fcaef7f6858d581dd922c445c3b.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-attack-which-has-no.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, states of emergency_
2. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-ministe.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [The leaders of nations with the top 20 economies vow to use all their policy resources to bolster a sagging global economic environment. While the European migrant crisis and terrorism were high on the agenda of this economic summit the terror attacks in Paris dominate conversations and meetings. In the wake of the attacks and during ongoing investigation, French President Francois Hollande remains in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/15/the-leaders-of-nations-with-the-top-20-economies-vow-to-use-all-their-policy-resources-to-bolster-a-sagging-global-economic-environment-whi.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [The French National Assembly passes an amended bill legalizing same-sex marriage, paving the way for President Francois Hollande to promulgate it. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-french-national-assembly-passes-an-amended-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-paving-the-way-for-president-franassois-hollande-to-promulg.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, National Assembly_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seats-in-the-national-assembly-yet-to-b.md) _Context: National Assembly_
9. [Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-legislative-election-to-begin-choosi.md) _Context: National Assembly_
10. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
