### [2015-11-19](/news/2015/11/19/index.md)

# The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. 

A United Nations General Assembly committee has adopted a North Korea human rights resolution.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/united-nations-human-rights-councils-commission-of-inquiry-condemns-north-korea-for-gross-human/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/19/UN-committee-denounces-North-Korea-human-rights-violations/1891447986491/)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
3. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [North Korea says that it will respond "very strongly" to a conference held in Washington, D.C. about human rights abuses. ](/news/2015/02/17/north-korea-says-that-it-will-respond-very-strongly-to-a-conference-held-in-washington-d-c-about-human-rights-abuses.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
5. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
6. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
7. [A United Nations report accuses North Korea of atrocities and calls for an investigation by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-united-nations-report-accuses-north-korea-of-atrocities-and-calls-for-an-investigation-by-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations General Assembly_
9. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
10. [A private South Korean committee announces that it plans to file a lawsuit with the International Criminal Court against North Korea over repatriation of prisoners of war and remains of soldiers killed in the Korean War. ](/news/2012/07/25/a-private-south-korean-committee-announces-that-it-plans-to-file-a-lawsuit-with-the-international-criminal-court-against-north-korea-over-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
