### [2016-09-1](/news/2016/09/1/index.md)

# A South Korean palm oil company is accused of causing the wildfires in Indonesia. 

Some of the world’s biggest buyers have stopped trading with Korindo after the emergence of footage claiming to show illegal burning in Papua province


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/sep/01/korean-palm-oil-firm-accused-of-illegal-forest-burning-in-indonesia)

### Related:

1. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
2. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: 2016 Southeast Asian haze, Indonesia_
3. [Two pilots are killed after a South Korean-made KAI T-50 Golden Eagle crashes and bursts into flames at an air show in Yogyakarta on Indonesia's Java island. ](/news/2015/12/20/two-pilots-are-killed-after-a-south-korean-made-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-crashes-and-bursts-into-flames-at-an-air-show-in-yogyakarta-on-indones.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
4. [Kim Sung-hwan, the South Korean Minister for Foreign Affairs, meets with Pak Ui-chun, his North Korean counterpart, on the sidelines of an ASEAN meeting in Bali, Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/23/kim-sung-hwan-the-south-korean-minister-for-foreign-affairs-meets-with-pak-ui-chun-his-north-korean-counterpart-on-the-sidelines-of-an-a.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
5. [ASEAN Regional ForumSouth Korea seeks a bilateral meeting with North Korea to discuss nuclear issues at the sidelines of an ASEAN Regional Forum in Bali, Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/22/asean-regional-forumpsouth-korea-seeks-a-bilateral-meeting-with-north-korea-to-discuss-nuclear-issues-at-the-sidelines-of-an-asean-regional.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
6. [Intruders steal secret computer files from Indonesian envoys staying in South Korea. ](/news/2011/02/20/intruders-steal-secret-computer-files-from-indonesian-envoys-staying-in-south-korea.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
7. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Share prices continue to fall in Asian markets as a consequence of the subprime mortgage crisis with South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines hardest hit. [http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/16/business/worldbusiness/16cnd-asiastox.html?ex=1344916800&en=dac5d9f1aa5e015b&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss (NYT)] The Bank of Japan injects 400 billion yen into its money market. [http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/08/16/business/AS-FIN-ECO-Japan-Central-Bank.php (AP via IHT)] The FTSE 100 falls below 6,000 points in trading in the morning session on the London Stock Exchange while other European markets fall as well. [http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/story.aspx?guid=%7B43AF92BD%2DFF7E%2D4930%2D9227%2D742118725674%7D&siteid=rss (Market Watch)] [http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/fn/5058642.html (AP via Houston Chronicle)] The Dow Jones Industrial Average sees a late recovery in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier losing 340 points. [http://www.marketwatch.com/News/Story/Story.aspx?guid={C6C65094-55FC-435D-A603-513F6EEE9203} (Market Watch)] The iBovespa falls by 3,500 points in the afternoon session on the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange. Brazil's stock market recorded its biggest one-day drop since the September 11, 2001 attacks. [http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUKN1635924120070816?rpc=44 (Reuters)] BSE Sensex falls by 642.70 points on a single day trade due to global factors. The fall is the second biggest in recent times. ](/news/2007/08/16/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-share-prices-continue-to-fall-in-asian-markets-as-a-consequence-of-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis-with-south-korea.md) _Context: Indonesia, South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
