### [2016-09-1](/news/2016/09/1/index.md)

# A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. 

An unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded on the launch pad during a test in Florida on Thursday, destroying a satellite that Facebook planned to use to beam high-speed internet to Africa.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/01/explosion-at-spacex-launch-site-in-florida2/)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Falcon 9, Florida, SpaceX_
2. [SpaceX believes that the September 1 Florida launch pad malfunction and explosion of its Falcon 9 rocket and the Facebook payload during routine preparation was likely due to a large breach in its upper-stage oxygen tank's helium system. ](/news/2016/09/23/spacex-believes-that-the-september-1-florida-launch-pad-malfunction-and-explosion-of-its-falcon-9-rocket-and-the-facebook-payload-during-rou.md) _Context: Amos-6, Florida, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
4. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Falcon 9, Florida_
5. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX CRS-2: The SpaceX Falcon 9 supply rocket launches from Cape Canaveral SLC-40 as scheduled, but encounters problems once in orbit. ](/news/2013/03/1/spacex-crs-2-the-spacex-falcon-9-supply-rocket-launches-from-cape-canaveral-slc-40-as-scheduled-but-encounters-problems-once-in-orbit.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Falcon 9, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX Dragon -- SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2010/12/8/spacex-dragon-a-spacex-launched-the-first-working-dragon-spacecraft-on-a-test-flight-at-10-43am-est-15-43-utc-from-launch-complex-40-ca.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
8. [The first launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is delayed to no earlier than June 2, 2010, due to delays in a Delta IV GPS satellite launch. ](/news/2010/05/27/the-first-launch-of-the-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-is-delayed-to-no-earlier-than-june-2-2010-due-to-dela.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Falcon 9, SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
