### [2016-09-1](/news/2016/09/1/index.md)

# Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/144800-martial-law-victims-supreme-court-oral-arguments)

### Related:

1. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
2. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [Martial law in the Philippines. The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
4. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-fer.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
5. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. ](/news/2016/09/7/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-duterte-administration-defends-its-decision-to-bury-the-former-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-philippine-h.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
6. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The communication channel of the Philippine government is under scrutiny after an apparent whitewash and historical revisionism of the abuses of the Marcos dictatorship. ](/news/2016/09/11/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-communication-channel-of-the-philippine-government-is-under-scrutiny-after-an-apparent-whitewash-and-histori.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Martial law in the Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War. Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
8. [Impeachment in the Philippines. Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/impeachment-in-the-philippines-two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines. Proclamation No. 216. After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/martial-law-in-the-philippines-proclamation-no-216-after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines_
10. [Martial law in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines_
