### [2016-09-1](/news/2016/09/1/index.md)

# Iranian-born Australian politician Sam Dastyari pledges his support for China's position in the dispute. 

Labor powerbroker Sam Dastyari has been admonished by a senior factional ally and is facing further scrutiny after it was revealed he backed China&#039;s position in the South China Sea dispute at an event with a prominent Chinese-Australian political donor.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/sam-dastyari-contradicted-labor-policy-backed-chinas-position-in-sea-dispute-at-event-with-donor-20160831-gr60hv)

### Related:

1. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
2. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
3. [Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackson-atoll-in-the-south-chin.md) _Context: China, South China Sea disputes_
4. [China reportedly deploys several J-11 and Xian JH-7 fighter jets to the disputed Woody Island in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/02/23/china-reportedly-deploys-several-j-11-and-xian-jh-7-fighter-jets-to-the-disputed-woody-island-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, South China Sea disputes_
5. [The Philippines says it will join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank despite disputes between it and the bank's founder, China. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-philippines-says-it-will-join-the-asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-despite-disputes-between-it-and-the-bank-s-founder-china.md) _Context: China, South China Sea disputes_
6. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, China_
7. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and  express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express.md) _Context: Australia, China_
8. [The People's Republic of China and Australia sign a free trade agreement in Canberra as Andrew Robb, Australia's Minister for Trade and Investment, warns that the United States Congress only has weeks to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-australia-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-canberra-as-andrew-robb-australia-s-minister-for-trade-and-inve.md) _Context: Australia, China_
9. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, Iran_
10. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: China, Iran_
