### [2016-09-1](/news/2016/09/1/index.md)

# Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3768751/Turkish-air-strikes-kill-3-PKK-militants-southeast-Turkey--military.html)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): The Turkish military kills 35 Kurdistan Workers' Party militants after they attempt to capture a base in Turkey's Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/07/30/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-the-turkish-military-kills-35-kurdistan-workers-party-militants-after-they-attempt-to-capture.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present), Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
2. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): Eight Turkish soldiers and 21 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants are killed in clashes and in a subsequent helicopter crash near Turkey's border with Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/13/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-eight-turkish-soldiers-and-21-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-and-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
3. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): The Turkish military say it carried out air strikes in northern Iraq against targets belonging to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, hitting weapon stores and shelters. ](/news/2016/04/5/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-the-turkish-military-say-it-carried-out-air-strikes-in-northern-iraq-against-targets-belonging-to-the-kurdis.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
4. [Turkey-PKK conflict (2015-present): Turkey declares a curfew in the town of Yuksekova on the border with Iran as Turkish forces prepare an offensive against the PKK. ](/news/2016/03/13/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-present-turkey-declares-a-curfew-in-the-town-of-ya1-4ksekova-on-the-border-with-iran-as-turkish-forces-prepare.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkish troops_
5. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-milit.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey, Turkish troops_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
8. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldie.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/turkey-pkk-conflict-fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-sold.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict: At least 55 are killed when Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq, according to Turkey's security sources. ](/news/2015/09/19/turkey-pkk-conflict-at-least-55-are-killed-when-turkish-warplanes-hit-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-camps-in-northern-iraq-according-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
