### [2005-08-31](/news/2005/08/31/index.md)

#  Close to 1,200 people were crushed to death or died in a stampede on the Al-Aaimmah bridge over the river Tigris in Baghdad on Wednesday when thousands of Shia Muslims began marching to a shrine to the Imam Musa al-Kazim. The stampede appears to have been caused by rumours of a series of suicide attacks. Earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgents fired mortars into the crowd. [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/E2ED7EA5-15F6-4A89-A532-C927FD299679.htm (Al Jazeera)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4199618.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.](/news/2003/11/3/occupation-of-iraq-attacks-consisting-of-six-explosions-reportedly-coordinated-occur-one-in-kirkuk-five-in-baghdad-the-series-of-exp.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar, shrine_
2. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bombing_
3. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tigris River_
4. [A suicide attacker blows up a tanker lorry at the police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing at least nine people. Three people are killed in a separate shooting in Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/1/a-suicide-attacker-blows-up-a-tanker-lorry-at-the-police-headquarters-in-the-iraqi-city-of-tikrit-killing-at-least-nine-people-three-peopl.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bombing_
5. [At least eight people are killed and several are missing after a restaurant boat sinks in the Tigris, in central Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2013/02/28/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-and-several-are-missing-after-a-restaurant-boat-sinks-in-the-tigris-in-central-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tigris River_
6. [A mortar attack on joint Iraqi army-police office kills 2 Iraqi soldiers and injures 14 in Baghdad. ](/news/2010/04/27/a-mortar-attack-on-joint-iraqi-army-police-office-kills-2-iraqi-soldiers-and-injures-14-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar_
7. [ A suicide attack kills at least 60 people and injures 125 more in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/04/24/a-suicide-attack-kills-at-least-60-people-and-injures-125-more-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bombing_
8. [ Two suicide attacks near Baqubah and in Baghdad, Iraq, kill at least 87 people. ](/news/2009/04/23/two-suicide-attacks-near-baqubah-and-in-baghdad-iraq-kill-at-least-87-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bombing_
9. [ A suicide attack kills 33 people in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/03/10/a-suicide-attack-kills-33-people-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, suicide bombing_
10. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Mortar, militant_
