### [2005-08-31](/news/2005/08/31/index.md)

#  Hurricane Katrina: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city.  The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]  Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless




### Related:

1. [  New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin again urges the city's remaining holdouts to leave the area.  New Orleans is now only 60% underwater.  The number of dead in the city could be as few as 2,000 and as many as 20,000, according to estimates. ](/news/2005/09/7/new-orleans-mayor-ray-nagin-again-urges-the-city-s-remaining-holdouts-to-leave-the-area-new-orleans-is-now-only-60-underwater-the-num.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana, Ray Nagin_
2. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: American, Texas_
3. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: American, Texas_
4. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: American, Texas_
5. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: American, Texas_
6. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: American, Texas_
7. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: American, Texas_
8. [All four crew members aboard a United States military helicopter (UH-60) are killed when their chopper crashes at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas. ](/news/2015/11/23/all-four-crew-members-aboard-a-united-states-military-helicopter-uh-60-are-killed-when-their-chopper-crashes-at-fort-hood-in-killeen-texa.md) _Context: American, Texas_
9. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: American, Texas_
10. [London-based BP  agrees,  pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five  Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast.md) _Context: Gulf Coast of the United States, Texas_
