## [2005-08-31](/news/2005/08/31/index.md)

### [ Hurricane Katrina: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city.  The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]  Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-p-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md)
_Context: American, Biloxi, Mississippi, Greater New Orleans, Gulf Coast of the United States, Houston, Texas, Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana, Ray Nagin, Reliant Astrodome, Strategic Petroleum Reserve, Texas_

### [ Baghdad bridge stampede: Close to 1,200 people were crushed to death or died in a stampede on the Al-Aaimmah bridge over the river Tigris in Baghdad on Wednesday when thousands of Shia Muslims began marching to a shrine to the Imam Musa al-Kazim. The stampede appears to have been caused by rumours of a series of suicide attacks. Earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgents fired mortars into the crowd. ](/news/2005/08/31/baghdad-bridge-stampede-p-close-to-1-200-people-were-crushed-to-death-or-died-in-a-stampede-on-the-al-aaimmah-bridge-over-the-river-tigris.md)
_Context: Al-Aaimmah bridge, Baghdad, Baghdad bridge stampede, Mortar, Musa al-Kazim, Shi'a, Tigris River, militant, shrine, suicide bombing_

### [ The relatives of the four Israeli Arabs killed on a bus in Galilee have been denied the usual terrorism compensation payments because their killer was a Jew, and thus not an "enemy of Israel" as defined by Israeli law. ](/news/2005/08/31/the-relatives-of-the-four-israeli-arabs-killed-on-a-bus-in-galilee-have-been-denied-the-usual-terrorism-compensation-payments-because-their.md)
_Context: Galilee, Israeli Arab, Jew_

### [ All Palestinian Authority assets held in the United States have been frozen. ](/news/2005/08/31/all-palestinian-authority-assets-held-in-the-united-states-have-been-frozen.md)
_Context: American, Palestinian National Authority, asset_

### [ Philippine electoral crisis: A Philippine congressional committee has stopped all impeachment efforts against President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. [http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2005-08-31-philippines-arroyo_x.htm (USA Today)]date=April 2015](/news/2005/08/31/philippine-electoral-crisis-a-philippine-congressional-committee-has-stopped-all-impeachment-efforts-against-president-gloria-macapagal-ar.md)
_Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine electoral crisis, impeach_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2005/08/30/index.md)

