### [2005-08-31](/news/2005/08/31/index.md)

#  Philippine electoral crisis: A Philippine congressional committee has stopped all impeachment efforts against President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. [http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2005-08-31-philippines-arroyo_x.htm (USA Today)]date=April 2015




### Related:

1. [ The United States government backtracked on its pledge to send American combat troops to the Philippines in order to track down Islamic terrorists in that nation. Philippine opponents of the plan threatened to impeach President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, if she had allowed foreign troops on Philippine soil in contradiction to the Philippine constitution.](/news/2003/02/28/the-united-states-government-backtracked-on-its-pledge-to-send-american-combat-troops-to-the-philippines-in-order-to-track-down-islamic-ter.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, impeach_
2. [ Impeachment proceedings against Philippine President Joseph Estrada, accused of playing Jueteng, end preeminently and trigger the second EDSA People Power Revolution or People Power II. His Vice-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo succeeds him as the 14th President of the Republic.](/news/2001/01/17/impeachment-proceedings-against-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-accused-of-playing-jueteng-end-preeminently-and-trigger-the-second-ed.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, impeach_
3. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: impeach_
4. [The Sandiganbayan court clears former Philippines president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the national broadband corruption scandal. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-sandiganbayan-court-clears-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-in-the-national-broadband-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
5. [Former Philippine president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has been acquitted of plunder. ](/news/2016/07/19/former-philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-has-been-acquitted-of-plunder.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
6. [Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities, some estimates say more than 3 million people, protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. ](/news/2016/03/13/hundreds-of-thousands-in-brazil-s-major-cities-some-estimates-say-more-than-3-million-people-protest-the-weak-economy-and-political-corrup.md) _Context: impeach_
7. [Tens of thousands of Brazilians protest in cities around the country to demand that Congress impeach President Dilma Rousseff. The lower house of Congress opened impeachment proceedings on 2 December 2015. ](/news/2015/12/13/tens-of-thousands-of-brazilians-protest-in-cities-around-the-country-to-demand-that-congress-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-the-lower-hou.md) _Context: impeach_
8. [Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. ](/news/2015/03/9/celebrity-british-lawyer-amal-clooney-files-a-case-in-the-united-nations-on-behalf-of-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: impeach_
10. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: impeach_
