
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.json)  [XML](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.xml)  

### [2005-08-31](/news/2005/08/31/index.md)

##### Gulf Coast of the United States
#  The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http:--www.cbsnews.com-sections-i_video-main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=-media-2005-08-30-video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [https:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20050831-ap_on_re_us-katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [https:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20050831-pl_afp-usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless




### Changes:

1. [ Hurricane Katrina:: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http:--www.cbsnews.com-sections-i_video-main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=-media-2005-08-30-video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20050831-ap_on_re_us-katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20050831-pl_afp-usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Hurricane Katrina: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http:--www.cbsnews.com-sections-i_video-main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=-media-2005-08-30-video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20050831-ap_on_re_us-katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20050831-pl_afp-usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-p-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http:--www.cbsnews.com-sections-i_video-main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=-media-2005-08-30-video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http:--apnews.myway.com-article-20050831-D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [https:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20050831-ap_on_re_us-katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [https:--news.yahoo.com-news?tmpl=story&u=-afp-20050831-pl_afp-usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin again urges the city's remaining holdouts to leave the area. New Orleans is now only 60% underwater. The number of dead in the city could be as few as 2,000 and as many as 20,000, according to estimates. ](/news/2005/09/7/new-orleans-mayor-ray-nagin-again-urges-the-city-s-remaining-holdouts-to-leave-the-area-new-orleans-is-now-only-60-underwater-the-number.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana, Ray Nagin_
2. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, United States_
3. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
4. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
