### [2013-07-9](/news/2013/07/9/index.md)

# Egypt's military-backed interim government selects economist Hazem Al Beblawi as the interim Prime Minister. 

Egypt’s new military-led government enlisted internationally recognized figures to serve as its public face and promised quick elections, but a transitional plan was widely derided as authoritarian and rushed.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/10/world/middleeast/egypt-elections.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Egypt's new Cabinet is sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a week after the previous administration resigned following a corruption scandal, and a month before parliamentary elections. The 33-member body has 16 new ministers, including two women. Sherif Ismail, petroleum minister in the last cabinet, is the new prime minister. ](/news/2015/09/19/egyptas-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-before-president-abdel-fattah-al-sisi-a-week-after-the-previous-administration-resigned-following-a-corru.md) _Context: Egypt's, prime minister_
2. [Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Qandil makes a visit to Gaza City in hopes of lulling the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. ](/news/2012/11/16/egyptian-prime-minister-hesham-qandil-makes-a-visit-to-gaza-city-in-hopes-of-lulling-the-ongoing-conflict-between-israel-and-hamas.md) _Context: Egypt's, prime minister_
3. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a second day to vote in the second round of a presidential election, with former prime minister Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-day-to-vote-in-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-former-prime-minister-ahmed-sh.md) _Context: Egypt's, prime minister_
4. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, with ex-Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/16/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-ex-prime-minister-ahmed-shafiq-and-mohamed-morsi-of-th.md) _Context: Egypt's, prime minister_
5. [Egypt's military-appointed Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri calls for national dialogue after weeks of deadly protests against the military regime. ](/news/2011/12/22/egypt-s-military-appointed-prime-minister-kamal-ganzouri-calls-for-national-dialogue-after-weeks-of-deadly-protests-against-the-military-reg.md) _Context: Egypt's, prime minister_
6. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt's_
7. [ Militants ambush a police convoy in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killing 18 police and wounding seven others. ](/news/2017/09/11/militants-ambush-a-police-convoy-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-killing-18-police-and-wounding-seven-others.md) _Context: Egypt's_
8. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt's_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt's_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt's_
