### [2013-07-9](/news/2013/07/9/index.md)

# Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. 

Greece secures 6.8bn euros in further funding from its creditors, but is told the pace of reform is too slow.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-23235415)

### Related:

1. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015. Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ec-ecb-imf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
3. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the -10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ec-ecb-imf-troika-the-terms-of-the-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
4. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund ("the troika") want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Greek debt crisis. The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/greek-debt-crisis-the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-reg.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
7. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis timeline. Greece has formally requested a new bailout loan from the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/07/24/greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-greece-has-formally-requested-a-new-bailout-loan-from-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
9. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
