### [2004-09-23](/news/2004/09/23/index.md)

#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The death toll in Haiti from flooding caused by this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne is now at 1,080 persons, and government officials say the final number is likely to be around 2,000. At least 175,000 Haitians have been affected by the flooding. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6309716 (Reuters)] ayung======




### Related:

1. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The number of people confirmed dead in Haiti from the effects of Hurricane Jeanne rises to at least 691, with the number of missing at more than 1,000. The city of Gonaves remains flooded, and thousands are homeless. ](/news/2004/09/21/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-number-of-people-confirmed-dead-in-haiti-from-the-effects-of-hurricane-jeanne-rises-to-at-least-691-wi.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Jeanne_
2. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Massive flooding in Haiti resulting from this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne over the island of Hispaniola leaves large areas submerged and at least 556 people dead, with that number expected to increase. ](/news/2004/09/20/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-massive-flooding-in-haiti-resulting-from-this-weekend-s-passage-of-hurricane-jeanne-over-the-island-of-hisp.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Jeanne_
3. [At least one person dies in Haiti from flooding caused by Hurricane Tomas, adding to the fourteen people who died in Saint Lucia. ](/news/2010/11/5/at-least-one-person-dies-in-haiti-from-flooding-caused-by-hurricane-tomas-adding-to-the-fourteen-people-who-died-in-saint-lucia.md) _Context: Haiti, flood_
4. [ Floods kill at least 11 people in Haiti. ](/news/2009/05/22/floods-kill-at-least-11-people-in-haiti.md) _Context: Haiti, flood_
5. [ The death toll from flooding in Haiti caused by Tropical Storm Hanna rises to 61. ](/news/2008/09/4/the-death-toll-from-flooding-in-haiti-caused-by-tropical-storm-hanna-rises-to-61.md) _Context: Haiti, flood_
6. [ Flooding after several days of torrential rain kills at least 23 people in Haiti with the town of Cabaret being worst affected. ](/news/2007/10/13/flooding-after-several-days-of-torrential-rain-kills-at-least-23-people-in-haiti-with-the-town-of-cabaret-being-worst-affected.md) _Context: Haiti, flood_
7. [ Heavy flooding after several days of heavy rain in Hispaniola have resulted in 11 people dying and thousands of people being evacuated in Haiti and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2007/03/27/heavy-flooding-after-several-days-of-heavy-rain-in-hispaniola-have-resulted-in-11-people-dying-and-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-in-h.md) _Context: Haiti, flood_
8. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Jeanne strengthens slightly as it passes over the northern Bahamas and makes landfall at 11:50 p.m. local time at Hutchison Island, just east of Stuart, Florida, as a Category Three storm with maximum sustained winds of 120&nbsp;mph (195 km/h). About 3 million people are ordered to evacuate vulnerable areas in Florida. ](/news/2004/09/25/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-jeanne-strengthens-slightly-as-it-passes-over-the-northern-bahamas-and-makes-landfall-at-11-50-p.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Jeanne_
9. [Haiti will reinstate its armed forces after 20 years of having none. ](/news/2017/07/11/haiti-will-reinstate-its-armed-forces-after-20-years-of-having-none.md) _Context: Haiti_
10. [Since December, flooding in Zimbabwe has killed 246 people and nearly 2,000 more have been left homeless, according to officials. ](/news/2017/03/3/since-december-flooding-in-zimbabwe-has-killed-246-people-and-nearly-2-000-more-have-been-left-homeless-according-to-officials.md) _Context: flood_
