### [2004-09-23](/news/2004/09/23/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: The governments of the United Kingdom and Iraq announce that they will not comply with the demands of the militant group Tawhid and Jihad, which has threatened to behead its hostage, British citizen Kenneth Bigley. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6314427&pageNumber=1)

### Related:

1. [ Reports confirm that British hostage Kenneth Bigley was beheaded yesterday by his captors, members of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad militant group, despite last-minute exchanges between the group and the British government. ](/news/2004/10/8/reports-confirm-that-british-hostage-kenneth-bigley-was-beheaded-yesterday-by-his-captors-members-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-tawhid-and-jih.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad, hostage_
2. [ Kenneth Bigley, a British hostage held in Iraq, appeared alive in a video broadcast by Al Jazeera. Seen in a cage wearing an orange jumpsuit, Bigley said "Tony Blair is lying. He doesn't care about me". ](/news/2004/09/29/kenneth-bigley-a-british-hostage-held-in-iraq-appeared-alive-in-a-video-broadcast-by-al-jazeera-seen-in-a-cage-wearing-an-orange-jumpsui.md) _Context: Iraq, Kenneth Bigley, hostage_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Jack Hensley. The group threatens to behead the remaining hostage, Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. Eugene Armstrong was beheaded yesterday. ](/news/2004/09/21/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-jack-hensley-the-group-threaten.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad, rebel-held_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Tawhid and Jihad, a militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, beheads American hostage Eugene Armstrong. The group threatens to behead two additional hostages, American Jack Hensley and Briton Kenneth Bigley, within 24 hours unless the United States meets its demands. ](/news/2004/09/20/conflict-in-iraq-tawhid-and-jihad-a-militant-group-led-by-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-beheads-american-hostage-eugene-armstrong-the-group-thre.md) _Context: Tawhid and Jihad, hostage, rebel-held_
5. [ Three relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi have been kidnapped. The kidnappers have demanded that the siege on Fallujah be lifted, or the hostages will be killed. ](/news/2004/11/9/three-relatives-of-iraqi-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-have-been-kidnapped-the-kidnappers-have-demanded-that-the-siege-on-fallujah-be-lifted.md) _Context: Iraq, hostage_
6. [ The British government orders the freezing of any assets that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's militant group, Tawhid and Jihad&mdash;which has claimed responsibility for killing Kenneth Bigley&mdash;may hold in Britain. ](/news/2004/10/14/the-british-government-orders-the-freezing-of-any-assets-that-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-s-militant-group-tawhid-and-jihad-mdash-which-has-claim.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, Tawhid and Jihad_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: A rocket attack in southern Baghdad kills two US soldiers and injures five others, while in the northern city of Mosul a suicide car bomb detonated near a U.S. military convoy kills a U.S. soldier and two Iraqis and injures 27 others. ](/news/2004/10/11/conflict-in-iraq-a-rocket-attack-in-southern-baghdad-kills-two-us-soldiers-and-injures-five-others-while-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-a.md) _Context: Iraq, rebel-held_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: Iraq, rebel-held_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says, in an interview on the ABC television interview program "This Week," that the insurgency in Iraq is worsening, and that the aim of the insurgents is to disrupt the upcoming elections. ](/news/2004/09/26/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-in-an-interview-on-the-abc-television-interview-program-this-week-that-the.md) _Context: Iraq, rebel-held_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: The Muslim Council of Britain sends a delegation to Baghdad in the hopes of securing the release of Kenneth Bigley. ](/news/2004/09/24/conflict-in-iraq-the-muslim-council-of-britain-sends-a-delegation-to-baghdad-in-the-hopes-of-securing-the-release-of-kenneth-bigley.md) _Context: Kenneth Bigley, rebel-held_
