### [2012-10-2](/news/2012/10/2/index.md)

# A minibus collides with a truck in the northern Philippine province of Ilocos Norte, killing at least 10 people. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/10-dead-road-collision-northern-philippines-17373411#.UGwCq5jMiMk)

### Related:

1. [Philippine general election, 2010: Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]: Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Ilocos Norte, Philippine_
2. [Marawi crisis: Philippine forces continue to battle Maute militants for the city of Marawi. ](/news/2017/05/29/marawi-crisis-philippine-forces-continue-to-battle-maute-militants-for-the-city-of-marawi.md) _Context: Philippine_
3. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Philippine_
4. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Philippine_
5. [Filipino senator Leila de Lima files a lawsuit against Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte in the country's Supreme Court seeking to stop the president from gathering, and making public, information about her private life. ](/news/2016/11/7/filipino-senator-leila-de-lima-files-a-lawsuit-against-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-the-country-s-supreme-court-seeking-to-stop-t.md) _Context: Philippine_
6. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Philippine_
7. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Philippine_
8. [Indonesia-Philippines relations: In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a "Manila Bulletin" article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/indonesia-philippines-relations-in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine_
9. [APEC Philippines 2015: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama-s comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/apec-philippines-2015-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artifici.md) _Context: Philippine_
10. [APEC Philippines 2015: Human Rights Watch says that the Philippine government is detaining street children and homeless people harshly and involuntarily as part of preparations for an international summit. The government denies that the people concerned are being abused and such moves were part of a regular and year-round outreach program. ](/news/2015/11/17/apec-philippines-2015-human-rights-watch-says-that-the-philippine-government-is-detaining-street-children-and-homeless-people-harshly-and-i.md) _Context: Philippine_
