### [2012-10-2](/news/2012/10/2/index.md)

# Several sources claim that a French spy killed Muammar Gaddafi in 2011; the motive to try to conceal Ghadaffi's financial support of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign. A French source dismisses the story as "nonsense". 

A&#x20;French&#x20;intelligence&#x20;expert&#x20;has&#x20;poured&#x20;cold&#x20;water&#x20;on&#x20;allegations&#x20;that&#x20;a&#x20;French&#x20;agent&#x20;killed&#x20;Libyan&#x20;leader&#x20;Muammar&#x20;Gaddafi&#x20;after&#x20;making&#x20;a&#x20;deal&#x20;with&#x20;Syria&#x20;to&#x20;save&#x20;then-President&#x20;Nicolas&#x20;Sarkozy&#x20;from&#x20;embarrassing&#x20;campaign-funding&#x20;revelations.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20121001-reports-gaddafi-killed-french-agent-patent-nonsense-france-libya-jibril-el-obeidi)
2. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/Europe/Gaddafi-killed-by-French-agent-on-Sarkozy-order/Article1-938543.aspx)

### Related:

1. [ Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election with socialist Sgolne Royal and conservative Nicolas Sarkozy as the two contenders. Exit polls indicate that Nicolas Sarkozy has won the runoff poll in the election with 53% of the vote, beating Sgolne Royal who has 47% of the vote. She later concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/05/6/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-socialist-segolene-royal-and-conservative-ni.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
2. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
3. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
4. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
6. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
7. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
8. [Presidential candidates Nicolas Sarkozy and Francois Hollande go head-to-head in a televised debate in France. ](/news/2012/05/2/presidential-candidates-nicolas-sarkozy-and-franassois-hollande-go-head-to-head-in-a-televised-debate-in-france.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy endorses Mario Draghi to become next President of the European Central Bank, to succeed Jean-Claude Trichet. ](/news/2011/04/27/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-endorses-mario-draghi-to-become-next-president-of-the-european-central-bank-to-succeed-jean-claude-tric.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy_
