### [2007-06-2](/news/2007/06/2/index.md)

#  The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation names Alexis Flores as the 487th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. He is wanted for the kidnapping, rape and murder of a five-year-old girl in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/Top_News/2007/06/03/girlkiller_suspect_on_most_wanted_list/3563/)
1. [Cover Image](//www.upi.com/img/upi-fb.png)

### Related:

1. [The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation announces that it has arrested 13 members of the Mafia in the city of Philadelphia in relation to an illegal gambling operation. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-announces-that-it-has-arrested-13-members-of-the-mafia-in-the-city-of-philadelphia-in-rela.md) _Context: FBI, Philadelphia, U.S._
2. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder, rape_
3. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: U.S., kidnapped_
4. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippine.md) _Context: U.S., kidnapped_
5. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-their-ties-with-the-philippines-if.md) _Context: U.S., rape_
6. [Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in-davao-city.md) _Context: murder, rape_
7. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
8. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
9. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indige.md) _Context: murder, rape_
10. [An indigenous Lumad child dies in an evacuation center while the Philippine Senate investigates the alleged September 1 murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the alleged rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army. ](/news/2015/09/10/an-indigenous-lumad-child-dies-in-an-evacuation-center-while-the-philippine-senate-investigates-the-alleged-september-1-murders-of-an-indige.md) _Context: murder, rape_
