### [2007-06-2](/news/2007/06/2/index.md)

#  Three suspects are arrested in relation to a terrorism plot involving John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City, with a fourth suspect being sought. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/US/06/02/jfk.terror.plot/index.html?eref=rss_us)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada,  after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The  flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoriti.md) _Context: New York, New York City_
2. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), is arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport in the U.S. city of New York for alleged sexual assault. ](/news/2011/05/14/dominique-strauss-kahn-the-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-is-arrested-at-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: New York, New York City_
3. [A court in America sentences Abdel Nur of Guyana to 15 years imprisonment after charging him with participation in a plot to blow up fuel tanks at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. ](/news/2011/01/14/a-court-in-america-sentences-abdel-nur-of-guyana-to-15-years-imprisonment-after-charging-him-with-participation-in-a-plot-to-blow-up-fuel-ta.md) _Context: New York, New York City_
4. [A 25-year-old Bosnian immigrant is arraigned in a Brooklyn United States District Court for involvement in an alleged terrorist plot to blow up New York City's subway system. ](/news/2010/08/6/a-25-year-old-bosnian-immigrant-is-arraigned-in-a-brooklyn-united-states-district-court-for-involvement-in-an-alleged-terrorist-plot-to-blow.md) _Context: New York City, terrorism_
5. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: New York, New York City_
6. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with ''Dear Evan Hansen'' winning six awards including Best Musical and ''Oslo'' winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
