### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; Philippine Drug War: The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. 




### Source:

1. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572319/news/nation/communists-answer-duterte-s-call-to-join-fight-vs-drugs)
2. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/07/04/1599429/bayan-maintain-presence-streets-despite-duterte-alliance)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-curren.md) _Context: Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, drug war_
2. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, Communist Party of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Philippine Drug War: Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/philippine-drug-war-datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, drug war_
4. [Philippine general election, 2016 CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-phi.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, Communist Party of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine Drug War: Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/philippine-drug-war-senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in.md) _Context: decades-old problem, drug war_
6. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
7. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippine Drug War: During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/philippine-drug-war-during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congr.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
9. [Philippine Drug War: A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
10. [Philippine Drug War: After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/philippine-drug-war-after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
