### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. 




### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/07/04/1599429/bayan-maintain-presence-streets-despite-duterte-alliance)
2. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572319/news/nation/communists-answer-duterte-s-call-to-join-fight-vs-drugs)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in the Philippines; The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/human-rights-in-the-philippines-the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-current-government-asks-ph.md) _Context: Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, illegal drug trade_
2. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, illegal drug trade_
3. [Philippine general election, 2016 Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-philippines-says-that-the-pre.md) _Context: CPP–NPA–NDF rebellion, Communist Party of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of ''The New York Times'', and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
