### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. 

Ling Jihua, former top aid to retired president Hu Jintao, has been sentenced to life in prison by the Chinese government for corruption.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/04/Former-Jintao-aid-Ling-Jihua-jailed-in-China-on-corruption-charges/4291467638647/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [ Chinese President Hu Jintao continues his eight-nation tour in Africa as he arrives in Lusaka and hold talks with Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa. President Hu launched a copper mining partnership with Zambia and promised more in aid. ](/news/2007/02/4/chinese-president-hu-jintao-continues-his-eight-nation-tour-in-africa-as-he-arrives-in-lusaka-and-hold-talks-with-zambian-president-levy-mw.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, paramount leader_
2. [ Chinese President Hu Jintao signs a series of economic deals with Sudan, which China has protected from UN sanctions. ](/news/2007/02/2/chinese-president-hu-jintao-signs-a-series-of-economic-deals-with-sudan-which-china-has-protected-from-un-sanctions.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, paramount leader_
3. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
5. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
6. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
7. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
8. [In the U.S., the Iowa Supreme Court rules  juveniles, even those convicted of first-degree murder, can not be sentenced to life without parole, becoming the 19th state to ban such sentences. As of January, about 2,300 American juveniles were serving life-without-parole sentences.  ](/news/2016/05/27/in-the-u-s-the-iowa-supreme-court-rules-juveniles-even-those-convicted-of-first-degree-murder-can-not-be-sentenced-to-life-without-paro.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
9. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that  started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: bribes_
10. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: bribes_
