### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. 

Brexit - Nigel Farage has announced he is standing down as leader of the UK Independence Party, saying he wants his life back.


### Source:

1. [BBC via ''Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/307929/farage-stands-down-as-ukip-leader)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exchanges-as-prominent-pro-brexit-figure-nigel-farage-i.md) _Context: European Parliament, Nigel Farage, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [Paul Nuttall wins an overall majority in a vote to become the UK Independence Party's (UKIP) leader, succeeding Nigel Farage. ](/news/2016/11/28/paul-nuttall-wins-an-overall-majority-in-a-vote-to-become-the-uk-independence-party-s-ukip-leader-succeeding-nigel-farage.md) _Context: Nigel Farage, UK Independence Party_
3. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
4. [Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-chairman-and-paul-nuttall-president-of-the-initiative-for-direct-democracy-in-eu.md) _Context: Nigel Farage, UK Independence Party_
5. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: European Parliament, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [Nigel Farage is re-elected as the leader of the UK Independence Party. ](/news/2010/11/5/nigel-farage-is-re-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party.md) _Context: Nigel Farage, UK Independence Party_
7. [UK Independence Party MEP Godfrey Bloom is expelled from the chamber of the European Parliament after calling German Socialist MEP Martin Schulz an "undemocratic fascist". ](/news/2010/11/24/uk-independence-party-mep-godfrey-bloom-is-expelled-from-the-chamber-of-the-european-parliament-after-calling-german-socialist-mep-martin-sc.md) _Context: European Parliament, UK Independence Party_
8. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-uk-independence-party-ukip-s-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-the-party-to-become-an-independent-mp.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
