### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. 




### Source:

1. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572319/news/nation/communists-answer-duterte-s-call-to-join-fight-vs-drugs)
2. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/07/04/1599429/bayan-maintain-presence-streets-despite-duterte-alliance)

### Related:

1. [The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-current-government-asks-philippine-president-rodrigo-dutert.md) _Context: Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, war on drugs_
2. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, war on drugs_
3. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
4. [ Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwid.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
5. [The Communist-aligned Makabayan bloc leaves the majority of the Philippine lower House over disagreements due to the ongoing drug crackdown. ](/news/2017/09/14/the-communist-aligned-makabayan-bloc-leaves-the-majority-of-the-philippine-lower-house-over-disagreements-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-crackdown.md) _Context: Communist, war on drugs_
6. [Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in-his-privilege-speech.md) _Context: decades-old problem, war on drugs_
7. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-after-numerous.md) _Context: Communist, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Communist, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congratulates-duterte-on-h.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
