### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. 

UPDATED 8.15am The head of one of Australia&#39;s biggest accounting firms says Australia&#39;s uncertain election result isn&#39;t looking good for business. LISTEN 


### Source:

1. [Newstalk ZB](http://www.newstalkzb.co.nz/news/world/vote-counting-continues-in-australias-neck-and-neck-election/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/04/Australian-PM-Malcolm-Turnbull-urged-to-quit-after-cliff-hanger-election/2641467662987/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)
2. [Cover Image](/media/15637450/malcolm-turnbull-and-bill-shorten-shake-hands-getty.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Bill Shorten, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Bill Shorten, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_

### Changes:

1. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-n.md) _2017-08-25 03:46:03 (First version)_
2. [Australian federal election, 2016: The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/australian-federal-election-2016-the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-lead.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:25 (Update)_
2. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-num.md) _(Current version)_
