### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. 

Turkey said on Monday it wanted to cooperate with Moscow in combating Islamic State in Syria but denied having suggested it might allow Russia to use its Incirlik Air Base, near the Syrian frontier.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-russia-idUSKCN0ZK0QH)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160705&t=2&i=1144218324&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC630DC)

### Related:

1. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Incirlik Air Base, Mevlut Cavusoglu, Syria, Turkey_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia, Syria, Turkey_
4. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
5. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Syria, Turkey_
6. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Islamic State, Syria, Turkey_
7. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia, Syria_
8. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
9. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russia, Syria_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
