### [2016-07-4](/news/2016/07/4/index.md)

# United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Standard Life Investments suspends trading in its UK property fund, in response to increased withdrawal calls since the vote, to protect the interests of all investors in the fund. 

Standard Life Investments suspends trading in its UK property fund for the first time since the financial crisis due to higher withdrawals following the Brexit vote.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36708844)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Brexit negotiations begin in Brussels. ](/news/2017/06/19/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-brexit-negotiations-begin-in-brussels.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: In pro-EU rallies, thousands of people protest in London against the United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union and ask that Article 50 not be invoked. ](/news/2016/07/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-in-pro-eu-rallies-thousands-of-people-protest-in-london-against.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exch.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union:: Peter Altmaier, German Chancellor Angela Merkel-s chief of staff, warns Britain of dire consequences of exit from the European Union, saying in a newspaper interview that UK leaders should not rule out the possibility of another referendum on the same issue. ](/news/2016/06/27/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-peter-altmaier-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-chief-of-staff-warns-britain-of-dir.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". ](/news/2016/06/14/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-rupert-murdoch-controlled-tabloid-the-sun-britain-s-second-biggest-selling-new.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
