### [2013-02-4](/news/2013/02/4/index.md)

# Three people are injured after a stabbing on a subway platform in the Parsons/Archer subway station in Queens, New York City, United States. 




### Source:

1. [Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/stabbed-jamaica-article-1.1255200)
2. [NBC New York](http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Subway-Stabbing-J-Train-Jamaica-Archer-Avenue-Parsons-Boulevard-189709621.html)

### Related:

1. [A lone gunman shoots a Muslim cleric and an associate to death in the Ozone Park neighborhood of Queens, New York City. Both were still wearing religious garb following afternoon prayers. No arrests have been made. ](/news/2016/08/13/a-lone-gunman-shoots-a-muslim-cleric-and-an-associate-to-death-in-the-ozone-park-neighborhood-of-queens-new-york-city-both-were-still-wear.md) _Context: New York's, Queens_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
3. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
4. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
5. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
6. [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
7. [In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. ](/news/2015/05/2/in-queens-village-a-part-of-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-25-year-old-new-york-police-department-nypd-officer-brian-moore-is-shot.md) _Context: New York's, Queens_
8. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
9. [Dr. Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders volunteer, was declared free of the Ebola virus and released from a New York City hospital. His was the last Ebola case being treated in the United States. ](/news/2014/11/11/dr-craig-spencer-a-doctors-without-borders-volunteer-was-declared-free-of-the-ebola-virus-and-released-from-a-new-york-city-hospital-his.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
10. [India orders diplomatic repercussions against the United States over the arrest and alleged maltreatment of the consul Devyani Khobragade in New York City. ](/news/2013/12/17/india-orders-diplomatic-repercussions-against-the-united-states-over-the-arrest-and-alleged-maltreatment-of-the-consul-devyani-khobragade-in.md) _Context: New York's, U.S._
