### [2005-10-1](/news/2005/10/1/index.md)

#  The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles (60 km) west of San Salvador, El Salvador, spitting rock and ash into the air. The Salvadoran government evacuates hundreds of people in the region and there are no reported injuries. San Salvador's air quality - already the most polluted in Central America - is significantly worsened by the additional volcanic debris. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20051001/wl_nm/salvador_volcano_dc (Yahoo! news)](Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [El Salvador's murder rate surges by 70% in 2015, an increase that may lead to the Central American nation edging out Honduras as the world's most murderous nation. ](/news/2015/12/29/el-salvador-s-murder-rate-surges-by-70-in-2015-an-increase-that-may-lead-to-the-central-american-nation-edging-out-honduras-as-the-world-s.md) _Context: Central America, El Salvador_
2. [ Grupo TACA Flight 390, an Airbus A320 flying from San Salvador, El Salvador, crashes in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, after failing to land due to a wet runway. 18 casualties are reported, including the chairman of the Central American Bank for Economic Integration who suffered a heart attack after the crash. ](/news/2008/05/30/grupo-taca-flight-390-an-airbus-a320-flying-from-san-salvador-el-salvador-crashes-in-tegucigalpa-honduras-after-failing-to-land-due-to.md) _Context: El Salvador, San Salvador_
3. [ Hurricane Stan strikes Mexico and Central America, at least 66 people have died, most of them in landslides in El Salvador. ](/news/2005/10/5/hurricane-stan-strikes-mexico-and-central-america-at-least-66-people-have-died-most-of-them-in-landslides-in-el-salvador.md) _Context: Central America, El Salvador_
4. [ 2005 Pacific hurricane season: Two people die as Hurricane Adrian makes landfall near San Salvador, El Salvador.](/news/2005/05/20/2005-pacific-hurricane-season-two-people-die-as-hurricane-adrian-makes-landfall-near-san-salvador-el-salvador.md) _Context: El Salvador, San Salvador_
5. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: volcano_
6. [Coffee may prolong the human lifespan, suggests one study by Imperial College London and the International Agency for Research on Cancer, and another by the Keck School of Medicine of USC. ](/news/2017/07/10/coffee-may-prolong-the-human-lifespan-suggests-one-study-by-imperial-college-london-and-the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-an.md) _Context: Coffee_
7. [As the homicide rate in El Salvador declines, the country records its first day in the last two years without a homicide. ](/news/2017/01/11/as-the-homicide-rate-in-el-salvador-declines-the-country-records-its-first-day-in-the-last-two-years-without-a-homicide.md) _Context: El Salvador_
8. [Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-america.md) _Context: Central America_
9. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: El Salvador_
10. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: volcano_
