### [2015-07-13](/news/2015/07/13/index.md)

# Burundi's army kills 31 suspected rebels and captures 170 others in fighting in the country's north. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News via AP](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/burundi-military-31-suspected-rebels-killed-fighting-32417981)

### Related:

1. [A gunman shoots dead Burundi's environment minister Emmanuel Niyonkuru in the nation's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2017/01/1/a-gunman-shoots-dead-burundi-s-environment-minister-emmanuel-niyonkuru-in-the-nation-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Burundi_
2. [Gambia says it will join South Africa and Burundi in withdrawing from the International Criminal Court, accusing the court of ignoring "Western war crimes" like the Kunduz hospital airstrike. ](/news/2016/10/26/gambia-says-it-will-join-south-africa-and-burundi-in-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-accusing-the-court-of-ignoring-west.md) _Context: Burundi_
3. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the  U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Burundi_
4. [The Parliament of Burundi votes overwhelmingly to withdraw Burundi from the Dutch-based International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/10/12/the-parliament-of-burundi-votes-overwhelmingly-to-withdraw-burundi-from-the-dutch-based-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Burundi_
5. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Burundi_
6. [A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men  in the capital Bujumbura. ](/news/2016/04/25/a-senior-burundian-army-general-athanase-kararuza-an-ethnic-tutsi-and-security-advisor-to-burundi-vice-president-gaston-sindimwo-is-shot.md) _Context: Burundi_
7. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Burundi_
8. [The European Union suspends direct financial aid to Burundi after concluding that the Burundian authorities had not done enough to find a political solution to the ongoing conflict occurring in the country. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-european-union-suspends-direct-financial-aid-to-burundi-after-concluding-that-the-burundian-authorities-had-not-done-enough-to-find-a-po.md) _Context: Burundi_
9. [Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. ](/news/2016/01/21/two-former-presidents-of-burundi-call-for-the-united-nations-security-council-to-authorise-the-use-of-peacekeeping-troops-in-burundi-to-prev.md) _Context: Burundi_
10. [Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-the-country-in-response.md) _Context: Burundi_
