### [2010-03-21](/news/2010/03/21/index.md)

# ''Plastiki'', a boat constructed from 12,000 plastic bottles, sets sail on a three-month voyage from San Francisco through the Great Pacific Garbage Patch to Sydney. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8578587.stm)

### Related:

1. [The ''Plastiki'', a catamaran made out of recycled plastic, arrives in Sydney, Australia, after travelling across the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco, United States, to raise awareness of environmental issues. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-plastiki-a-catamaran-made-out-of-recycled-plastic-arrives-in-sydney-australia-after-travelling-across-the-pacific-ocean-from-san.md) _Context: Plastiki, Sydney_
2. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [Australian federal police conduct raids in four separate suburbs of Sydney, detaining individuals and confiscating materials involved in a suspected terrorist plot to bomb an aircraft. ](/news/2017/07/29/australian-federal-police-conduct-raids-in-four-separate-suburbs-of-sydney-detaining-individuals-and-confiscating-materials-involved-in-a-s.md) _Context: Sydney_
4. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-macaque-owns-its.md) _Context: San Francisco_
5. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
7. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
8. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
9. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Sydney_
10. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: San Francisco_
