### [2010-03-21](/news/2010/03/21/index.md)

# Tens of thousands of people gather on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States to support President Barack Obama in his bid to overhaul the country's immigration laws. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/03/21/immigration.rally/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States, Washington, D.C._
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States, Washington, D.C._
3. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
4. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
5. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
6. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
7. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
8. [Venezuela recalls its charge d'affaires from its embassy in Washington, D.C. after U.S. President Barack Obama renewed a decree imposing sanctions on several top Venezuelan officials. ](/news/2016/03/10/venezuela-recalls-its-charga-c-d-affaires-from-its-embassy-in-washington-d-c-after-u-s-president-barack-obama-renewed-a-decree-imposing-sa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Washington, D.C._
9. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
10. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, Washington, D.C._
