### [2006-06-23](/news/2006/06/23/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of Poland Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz announced a dismissal of Zyta Gilowska, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. PM's advisor Pawel Wojciechowski was introduced as her successor. Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz declared that Gilowska's policy will be continued. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/europe/06/23/poland.minister.reut/)

### Related:

1. [ The president of Poland Lech Kaczynski performed a motion tabled by the prime minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and dismissed the minister of finance Teresa Lubinska, nominating on her place Zyta Gilowska and giving her a position of deputy premier.](/news/2006/01/7/the-president-of-poland-lech-kaczyaski-performed-a-motion-tabled-by-the-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-and-dismissed-the-minister.md) _Context: Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz, Polish Prime Minister, Zyta Gilowska_
2. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
3. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
4. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-a-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
5. [ Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, announces that the United States and Poland have reached an agreement on basing missile defense in Poland. ](/news/2008/08/14/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-announces-that-the-united-states-and-poland-have-reached-an-agreement-on-basing-missile-defense.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
6. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz, Polish_
7. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Polish_
8. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Polish_
9. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: Polish_
10. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Polish_
