### [2006-06-23](/news/2006/06/23/index.md)

#  ''The New York Times'' publishes a major story on the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program, a secret CIA surveillance of international private banking for the last five years via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) and rejects government requests to withdraw it. 

A secret program has given counterterrorism officials access to financial records involving thousands of Americans, officials said.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/06/23/washington/23intel.html?_r=1&1002726989)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament rejects an agreement that would have granted the United States Terrorist Finance Tracking Program unlimited access to the SWIFT bank transactions database. ](/news/2010/02/11/the-european-parliament-rejects-an-agreement-that-would-have-granted-the-united-states-terrorist-finance-tracking-program-unlimited-access-t.md) _Context: Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, Terrorist Finance Tracking Program_
2. [ ''The New York Times'' reporter Judith Miller is released from federal jail after receiving a waiver from her news source, allowing her to testify in the investigation of the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame. [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/09/29/cia.leak/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050930/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/cia_leak_investigation (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 00:44, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/29/the-new-york-times-reporter-judith-miller-is-released-from-federal-jail-after-receiving-a-waiver-from-her-news-source-allowing-her-to.md) _Context: CIA, The New York Times_
3. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The New York Times_
5. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
6. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of ''The New York Times'', and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: The New York Times_
7. [Computer security firm Symantec warns a second hacking group, going by the name Odinaff, is trying to rob banks using fraudulent SWIFT messages, the same approach that yielded U.S.$81 million in February's attack on Bangladesh's central bank. So far, the group has infected 10 to 20 organizations with this  malware. ](/news/2016/10/11/computer-security-firm-symantec-warns-a-second-hacking-group-going-by-the-name-odinaff-is-trying-to-rob-banks-using-fraudulent-swift-messa.md) _Context: Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication_
8. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [America's largest seven-day newspaper, ''The New York Times'', breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. ](/news/2015/12/5/america-s-largest-seven-day-newspaper-the-new-york-times-breaking-with-the-tradition-that-front-pages-belong-to-the-news-department-p.md) _Context: The New York Times_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's  abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed  to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the ''Times'' reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted.  Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the.md) _Context: The New York Times_
