
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/11/7/an-electronic-voting-machine-in-1b-in-franklin-county-ohio-recorded-260-votes-for-john-kerry-and-4258-votes-for-george-w-bush-though-onl.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/11/7/an-electronic-voting-machine-in-1b-in-franklin-county-ohio-recorded-260-votes-for-john-kerry-and-4258-votes-for-george-w-bush-though-onl.json)  [XML](/news/2004/11/7/an-electronic-voting-machine-in-1b-in-franklin-county-ohio-recorded-260-votes-for-john-kerry-and-4258-votes-for-george-w-bush-though-onl.xml)  

### [2004-11-7](/news/2004/11/7/index.md)

##### electronic voting
#  An electronic voting machine in 1B in Franklin County, Ohio, recorded 260 votes for John Kerry and 4258 votes for George W. Bush though only 638 people voted there, one of several alleged problems. 




### Sources:

1. [Dissident Voice](http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Nov2004/Fitrakis1108.htm)
2. [IDG](http://www.idg.se/ArticlePages/200411/06/20041106110334_IDG.se/20041106110334_IDG.se.dbp.asp)
3. [c|net](http://asia.cnet.com/news/security/0,39037064,39200322,00.htm)
3. [Cover Image](https://cnet1.cbsistatic.com/fly/bundles/cnetcore/images/logos/cnet-redball-large.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry, electronic voting_
2. [ Hundreds gather at the Ohio statehouse to demand a recount of votes, citing fraud that took votes from John Kerry and gave them to George W. Bush. A lawsuit challenging the Volusia County, Florida, election is thrown out for being a day late. The suit claims paperwork is missing from 59 of Volusia's 179 precincts and that precinct printouts show different numbers. ](/news/2004/12/5/hundreds-gather-at-the-ohio-statehouse-to-demand-a-recount-of-votes-citing-fraud-that-took-votes-from-john-kerry-and-gave-them-to-george-w.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
3. [ U.S. civil rights organizations report on a number of misleading voter fliers and phone calls aimed at African-American voters, alleging that these are an attempt to suppress the African-American vote in today's U.S. presidential election. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=613416&section=news (Reuters)] U.S. presidential election, 2004 timeline: Voting begins for the 2004 U.S. presidential election, as well as for elections to the U.S. Congress and many state and local offices. The incumbent, Republican George W. Bush, and the challenger, Democrat John Kerry, are statistically tied in the latest opinion polls.](/news/2004/11/2/u-s-civil-rights-organizations-report-on-a-number-of-misleading-voter-fliers-and-phone-calls-aimed-at-african-american-voters-alleging-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
4. [ US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, for the second of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/8/us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-washington-university-in-st-louis-missouri-for-the-second-of-three.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
5. [ Two days before the 2004 United States presidential elections, President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry tour the swing states of Ohio, New Hampshire and Florida. ](/news/2004/10/31/two-days-before-the-2004-united-states-presidential-elections-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-john-kerry-tour-the-swing-states-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Kerry_
