### [2004-11-7](/news/2004/11/7/index.md)

#  Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi publicly authorizes an offensive in Fallujah and Ramadi to "liberate the people" and "clean Falluja of terrorists". U.S. and Iraqi forces advance. A hospital doctor in Falluja reports 15 people killed and 20 wounded. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3992263.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6750224)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6750224&pageNumber=2)
3. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi government air strikes kill at least 73 people in the ISIL held cities of Ramadi and Fallujah. ](/news/2015/07/5/iraqi-government-air-strikes-kill-at-least-73-people-in-the-isil-held-cities-of-ramadi-and-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Ramadi_
2. [Armed tribesmen and ISIS militants control the Iraqi cities of Fallujah and Ramadi, after days of violence that erupted as a protest camp was removed. ](/news/2014/01/2/armed-tribesmen-and-isis-militants-control-the-iraqi-cities-of-fallujah-and-ramadi-after-days-of-violence-that-erupted-as-a-protest-camp-wa.md) _Context: Fallujah, Ramadi_
3. [ Three relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi have been kidnapped. The kidnappers have demanded that the siege on Fallujah be lifted, or the hostages will be killed. ](/news/2004/11/9/three-relatives-of-iraqi-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-have-been-kidnapped-the-kidnappers-have-demanded-that-the-siege-on-fallujah-be-lifted.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iyad Allawi_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Fallujah, Ramadi_
5. [ Two U.S. soldiers are killed and three wounded when a roadside bomb in Baghdad detonates. Four Iraqi National Guard are killed in an attack on a checkpoint in nearby Baghdadi. Six Iraqis are killed in a blast near a police station in Ramadi. The Iraqi Red Crescent establishes a relief center in Fallujah, while the International Red Cross says the city remains under siege and workers are unable to freely administer aid. ](/news/2004/11/29/two-u-s-soldiers-are-killed-and-three-wounded-when-a-roadside-bomb-in-baghdad-detonates-four-iraqi-national-guard-are-killed-in-an-attack.md) _Context: Fallujah, Ramadi_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Fallujah, Ramadi_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
