### [2008-09-26](/news/2008/09/26/index.md)

#  Senators John McCain and Barack Obama take part in the first of the United States presidential election debates. 

US presidential rivals John McCain and Barack Obama have gone head-to-head in their first televised debate.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/09/27/2375920.htm?WT.mc_id=newsmail)

### Related:

1. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, John McCain_
2. [ Senator John McCain officially accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the United States presidential election, 2008. ](/news/2008/09/4/senator-john-mccain-officially-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-2008.md) _Context: John McCain, Senator_
3. [ The Republican Party officially endorses Arizona Senator John McCain as its candidate in the 2008 United States presidential election. ](/news/2008/09/3/the-republican-party-officially-endorses-arizona-senator-john-mccain-as-its-candidate-in-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election.md) _Context: John McCain, Senator_
4. [ The Texas Supreme Court denies a petition by the Bob Barr US Presidential campaign seeking removal of Senators Barack Obama and John McCain from that state's ballot due to both candidates missing the filing deadline. ](/news/2008/09/25/the-texas-supreme-court-denies-a-petition-by-the-bob-barr-us-presidential-campaign-seeking-removal-of-senators-barack-obama-and-john-mccain.md) _Context: Barack Obama, John McCain_
5. [ U.S. presidential election:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at-the-invesco-field-at-mile-high.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Senator_
6. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, John McCain_
7. [ Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama opens the U.S. general election campaign with a narrow lead over Republican John McCain. ](/news/2008/06/17/democratic-presidential-candidate-barack-obama-opens-the-u-s-general-election-campaign-with-a-narrow-lead-over-republican-john-mccain.md) _Context: Barack Obama, John McCain_
8. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins  in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Senator_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Senator_
10. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, John McCain_
