### [2014-02-24](/news/2014/02/24/index.md)

# 2014 Ukrainian Revolution:: The European Commission recognizes Oleksandr Turchynov as Ukraine-s legitimate interim president. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/02/24/ukraine-new-leaders-order-arrest-president-yanukovych/)
2. [DPA via Europe Online](http://en.europeonline-magazine.eu/extra-eu-recognizes-turchynov-as-interim-president_322130.html)
3. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/02/24/ukraine-crisis-cbank-idUKL6N0LT3JV20140224)

### Related:

1. [2014 Crimean crisis: 2014 Ukrainian revolution: Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http://inserbia.info/news/2014/03/ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea/ (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]: Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/03/02/ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014](/news/2014/03/2/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-ukraine-s-navy-commander-in-chief-denis-berezovsky-who-was-appointed-only-march-1-defects.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Oleksandr Turchynov_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis: 2014 Ukrainian revolution: Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. ](/news/2014/03/1/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-russian-president-vladimir-putin-formally-asks-the-federation-council-of-the-russian-parliam.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Ukraine_
3. [2014 Ukrainian revolution: 2014 Crimean crisis: Members of the Russian Parliament propose new laws that would make it easier for Russia to incorporate parts of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/28/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-members-of-the-russian-parliament-propose-new-laws-that-would-make-it-easier-for-russia-to-i.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Ukraine_
4. [2014 Ukrainian revolution: 2014 Crimean crisis: Ukraine's interim President Oleksandr Turchynov formally becomes the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/26/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-ukraine-s-interim-president-oleksandr-turchynov-formally-becomes-the-supreme-commander-of-th.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Oleksandr Turchynov_
5. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass: Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass: Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: Ukraine_
8. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Ukrainian crisis: DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Ukraine_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-crisis-ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine_
