### [2014-02-24](/news/2014/02/24/index.md)

# Israeli Air Force planes reportedly bomb a weapons shipment of SS-21 missiles destined for Hezbollah near a Hezbollah stronghold on the Lebanon-Syria border. 

Two &#8216;house-shaking&#8217; bombing raids reported in stronghold in Bekaa Valley, on Syrian-Lebanese border; Al Arabiya: shipment may have contained ballistic missiles


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/israeli-jets-reportedly-strike-targets-near-lebanon-syria-border)

### Related:

1. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourt.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
2. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
4. [The Israeli Air Force shoots down a Hezbollah drone from Lebanon off the coast of Haifa. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-israeli-air-force-shoots-down-a-hezbollah-drone-from-lebanon-off-the-coast-of-haifa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
5. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
6. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force_
7. [Hezbollah: U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/hezbollah-u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-b.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-ter.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict: Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
