### [2014-02-24](/news/2014/02/24/index.md)

# Mt Gox, an exchange of central importance in the history of the crypto currency bitcoin, closes down for an indefinite period under pressure from hackers. 




### Source:

1. [Wired](http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2014/02/bitcoins-mt-gox-implodes/?cid=co19086554)

### Related:

1. [Mark Karpeles, the CEO of defunct Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox, is charged with embezzlement in Japan. Karpeles asserts his own innocence. ](/news/2015/09/11/mark-karpela-s-the-ceo-of-defunct-bitcoin-exchange-mt-gox-is-charged-with-embezzlement-in-japan-karpeles-asserts-his-own-innocence.md) _Context: Mt. Gox, bitcoin_
2. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The program was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: bitcoin_
3. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: hackers_
4. [Australian tech entrepreneur Craig Steven Wright claims he is Satoshi Nakamoto, the  creator of the Bitcoin currency. There are about 15.5 million bitcoins in circulation. However, questions have been raised as to authenticity of his assertion. ](/news/2016/05/2/australian-tech-entrepreneur-craig-steven-wright-claims-he-is-satoshi-nakamoto-the-creator-of-the-bitcoin-currency-there-are-about-15-5-m.md) _Context: bitcoin_
5. [Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers  installed malware in the  bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-last-month-s-attempt-to-steal-nearly-1.md) _Context: hackers_
6. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
7. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system  that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-num.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash;  whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-naka.md) _Context: bitcoin_
9. [''Smart Sheriff'', the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-ser.md) _Context: hackers_
10. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: hackers_
