### [2014-02-24](/news/2014/02/24/index.md)

# Nokia unveils Nokia X, an Android-based smartphone, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. 




### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://gadgets.ndtv.com/mobiles/news/nokia-x-nokia-x-and-nokia-xl-dual-sim-android-based-smartphones-launched-487448)

### Related:

1. [Google unveils the latest version of its Android mobile operating system, 4.0 (code named Ice Cream Sandwich), along with the Galaxy Nexus, its newest flagship smartphone. ](/news/2011/10/19/google-unveils-the-latest-version-of-its-android-mobile-operating-system-4-0-code-named-ice-cream-sandwich-along-with-the-galaxy-nexus.md) _Context: Android devices, smartphone_
2. [In an alleged case of abuse of power, a United Airlines worker has canceled a passanger's flight ticket because the passager was recording a baggage fee dispute with a smartphone. This incident follows just one month after the United Express Flight 3411 incident. Officials have later apologized for the incident. ](/news/2017/05/12/in-an-alleged-case-of-abuse-of-power-a-united-airlines-worker-has-canceled-a-passanger-s-flight-ticket-because-the-passager-was-recording-a.md) _Context: smartphone_
3. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops,  tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: smartphone_
4. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Android devices_
5. [A lawsuit brought against Google by Oracle Corporation accusing Google of using copyrighted code for the Android operating system is decided in Google's favor. ](/news/2016/05/26/a-lawsuit-brought-against-google-by-oracle-corporation-accusing-google-of-using-copyrighted-code-for-the-android-operating-system-is-decided.md) _Context: Android devices_
6. [The European Union accuses Google of abusing the dominance of its Android by preloading its own apps. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-accuses-google-of-abusing-the-dominance-of-its-android-by-preloading-its-own-apps.md) _Context: Android devices_
7. [Nokia, the telecommunications giant based in Finland, announces that it has gained control of French counterpart Alcatel-Lucent, and sets the date for formal consolidation as January 14. ](/news/2016/01/4/nokia-the-telecommunications-giant-based-in-finland-announces-that-it-has-gained-control-of-french-counterpart-alcatel-lucent-and-sets-th.md) _Context: Nokia_
8. [''Smart Sheriff'', the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-ser.md) _Context: smartphone_
9. [A shooting just before midnight at the ninth annual Fort Myers, Florida, Zombicon kills one person and injures four others, none with life threatening injuries, and causes pandemomium on the city's downtown streets. Police ask attendees to share smartphone video from the incident. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-shooting-just-before-midnight-at-the-ninth-annual-fort-myers-florida-zombicon-kills-one-person-and-injures-four-others-none-with-life-t.md) _Context: smartphone_
10. [Nokia sells its mapping application Here to German car makers BMW, Audi, and Mercedes-Benz for 2.8 billion euros. ](/news/2015/08/3/nokia-sells-its-mapping-application-here-to-german-car-makers-bmw-audi-and-mercedes-benz-for-2-8-billion-euros.md) _Context: Nokia_
