### [2014-02-24](/news/2014/02/24/index.md)

# Post-civil war violence in Libya. Libyan police found the bodies of seven Egyptian Christians shot dead execution-style on a beach near the city of Benghazi. 

Seven Egyptian Christians were found shot dead on a beach in eastern Libya after they were abducted from their apartments, security officials and local residents said, in the second such execution-style killing this year.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/24/us-libya-egyptians-idUSBREA1N1G220140224)

### Related:

1. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:. Five Egyptian embassy staff are kidnapped in the Libyan capital of Tripoli. ](/news/2014/01/25/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-five-egyptian-embassy-staff-are-kidnapped-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya_
2. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:. Unidentified gunmen shoot and kill a U.S. teacher at an international school in Benghazi, Libya. ](/news/2013/12/5/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-unidentified-gunmen-shoot-and-kill-a-u-s-teacher-at-an-international-school-in-benghazi-libya.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya_
3. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:. 13 people are killed and 10 injured in a suicide car bomb attack at a military checkpoint near the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi. ](/news/2013/12/22/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-13-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-at-a-military-checkpoint-near-the-easter.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya_
4. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:. Nine people are killed in clashes between the Libyan Army and militias in the city of Benghazi. ](/news/2013/11/25/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-nine-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-the-libyan-army-and-militias-in-the-city-of-benghazi.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Post-civil war violence in Libya_
5. [Amnesty International condemns Sunday's execution, in Tripoli and Benghazi, Libya, of 18 people, some of whom were from Chad, Egypt and Nigeria. ](/news/2010/06/2/amnesty-international-condemns-sunday-s-execution-in-tripoli-and-benghazi-libya-of-18-people-some-of-whom-were-from-chad-egypt-and-nige.md) _Context: Benghazi, Egypt, Libya_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya_
