### [2008-08-10](/news/2008/08/10/index.md)

#  Massive explosions at a propane facility just before 4 a.m. erupt in the Toronto, Canada community of Downsview, resulting in the evacuation of thousands of people. The explosions also caused the closure of Highway 401, Canada's busiest highway, through that area of Toronto. At least 18 people are reported injured, one missing, and one firefighter has died in connection with the incident. 




### Source:

1. [CP via ''The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20080810.wexplosions0810/BNStory/National/?page=rss&id=RTGAM.20080810.wexplosions0810)

### Related:

1. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life for trying to overthrow the DPRK and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-tryin.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
2. [A Canadian National Railway train from Toronto carrying crude oil and propane derails and catches fire in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick, in the northwest part of the province, causing 45 homes to be evacuated in a rural area. No one has yet been injured, and the fire has diminished, so far without the propane exploding. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-canadian-national-railway-train-from-toronto-carrying-crude-oil-and-propane-derails-and-catches-fire-in-plaster-rock-new-brunswick-in-th.md) _Context: Toronto, propane_
3. [At least 60 vehicles are involved in two chain-reaction crashes on Ontario Highway 401 about 80 kilometres east of Toronto, Canada, leaving at least five people injured, two critically. ](/news/2013/01/25/at-least-60-vehicles-are-involved-in-two-chain-reaction-crashes-on-ontario-highway-401-about-80-kilometres-east-of-toronto-canada-leaving.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
4. [A "multiple shooting" incident at Scarborough, a major district in Toronto, Canada, results in at least one death and 19 injured. ](/news/2012/07/16/a-multiple-shooting-incident-at-scarborough-a-major-district-in-toronto-canada-results-in-at-least-one-death-and-19-injured.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
5. [A shooting in the food court of the Eaton Centre mall in Toronto, Canada kills at least one man and injures seven other people. ](/news/2012/06/2/a-shooting-in-the-food-court-of-the-eaton-centre-mall-in-toronto-canada-kills-at-least-one-man-and-injures-seven-other-people.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
6. [The collapse of a stage intended for a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto kills one person. ](/news/2012/06/16/the-collapse-of-a-stage-intended-for-a-radiohead-concert-in-the-canadian-city-of-toronto-kills-one-person.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
7. [A Hydro One electrical transformer undergoing repairs in the Richview neighbourhood of Toronto catches on fire and is sustained by burning mineral oil near Pearson International Airport, causing a local power outage and forcing the evacuation of an apartment complex and the temporary closure of part of Highway 401. ](/news/2011/03/18/a-hydro-one-electrical-transformer-undergoing-repairs-in-the-richview-neighbourhood-of-toronto-catches-on-fire-and-is-sustained-by-burning-m.md) _Context: Highway 401, Toronto_
8. [The London Stock Exchange in the United Kingdom is in advanced talks to merge with the TMX Group that operates Canada's two stock exchanges in Montreal and Toronto. ](/news/2011/02/8/the-london-stock-exchange-in-the-united-kingdom-is-in-advanced-talks-to-merge-with-the-tmx-group-that-operates-canada-s-two-stock-exchanges.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
9. [Pakistan International Airlines Flight 782 departing from Toronto, Canada, for Karachi, Pakistan, carrying 273 passengers lands at Arlanda Airport in Stockholm, Sweden, due to a bomb threat. A man is taken into custody by the Swedish National Task Force and then released. ](/news/2010/09/25/pakistan-international-airlines-flight-782-departing-from-toronto-canada-for-karachi-pakistan-carrying-273-passengers-lands-at-arlanda-a.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
10. [The 36th G8 summit opens in Huntsville, Ontario and the 4th G20 summit is held in Toronto, Canada.](/news/2010/06/25/the-36th-g8-summit-opens-in-huntsville-ontario-and-the-4th-g20-summit-is-held-in-toronto-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Toronto_
