### [2003-10-1](/news/2003/10/1/index.md)

#  Anti-Americanism: A panel chosen by the administration of President George W. Bush concludes that the United States must drastically increase and overhaul its public relations efforts to recast its image among Muslims and Arabs abroad. "Hostility toward America has reached shocking levels&nbsp;... What is required is not merely tactical adaptation but strategic, and radical, transformation."




### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Bush Administration_
2. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: Bush Administration_
3. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a court order signed on April 25 by Judge Roger Vinson of the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). The order permits the FBI, and thereby the Obama administration, to indiscriminately collect phone records of millions of Verizon Communications customers on an "ongoing, daily basis", with all domestic and international calls affected. The permit is similar to one issued to the Bush administration. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-court-order-signed-on-april-25-by-judge-roger-vinson-of-the-secret-foreign-intelligence-surveillance-court.md) _Context: Bush Administration_
4. [Fighting between rival Arab tribes in Sudan's Darfur region kills 51 people and injures 62 others. ](/news/2013/02/23/fighting-between-rival-arab-tribes-in-sudan-s-darfur-region-kills-51-people-and-injures-62-others.md) _Context: Arab_
5. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: Arab_
6. [A bomb is thrown into an Arabic school in southern Nigeria's Delta State, injuring seven people. ](/news/2011/12/28/a-bomb-is-thrown-into-an-arabic-school-in-southern-nigeria-s-delta-state-injuring-seven-people.md) _Context: Arab_
7. [British Home Secretary Theresa May will address MPs on Monday following revelations that the Metropolitan Police hired former "News of the World" deputy editor Neil Wallis to give PR advice. ](/news/2011/07/17/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-will-address-mps-on-monday-following-revelations-that-the-metropolitan-police-hired-former-news-of-the-w.md) _Context: PR_
8. [Four employees of Chinese dairy giant Mengniu are arrested in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia for allegedly hiring a public relations firm to spread false rumours online about products of industry rival Yili Group. ](/news/2010/10/24/four-employees-of-chinese-dairy-giant-mengniu-are-arrested-in-hohhot-inner-mongolia-for-allegedly-hiring-a-public-relations-firm-to-spread.md) _Context: PR_
9. [The prison sentence of Sabbar Kashur, a married Arab man convicted by Israel of "rape by deception" after telling the accuser that he's Jewish and single, is delayed as he attempts an appeal. ](/news/2010/08/4/the-prison-sentence-of-sabbar-kashur-a-married-arab-man-convicted-by-israel-of-rape-by-deception-after-telling-the-accuser-that-he-s-jewi.md) _Context: Arab_
10. [An Arab residing in Israel is convicted of "rape by deception" and jailed for 18 months for having consensual sexual intercourse in 2008 with an Israeli woman alleged to believe he was Jewish. ](/news/2010/07/21/an-arab-residing-in-israel-is-convicted-of-rape-by-deception-and-jailed-for-18-months-for-having-consensual-sexual-intercourse-in-2008-wit.md) _Context: Arab_
