### [2003-10-1](/news/2003/10/1/index.md)

#  President of the European Commission Romano Prodi unveils a proposal to boost flagging economic growth in Europe. The plan has two main parts: increasing spending on European transport networks and promoting research and development.




### Related:

1. [ A British and a German Member of the European Parliament both receive letter bombs in the post. This follows an earlier letter bomb sent to the President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi.](/news/2004/01/5/a-british-and-a-german-member-of-the-european-parliament-both-receive-letter-bombs-in-the-post-this-follows-an-earlier-letter-bomb-sent-to.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
2. [ Romano Prodi, the President of the European Commission, survives a letter bomb attack. ](/news/2003/12/27/romano-prodi-the-president-of-the-european-commission-survives-a-letter-bomb-attack.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
3. [The European Parliament votes to elect Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/07/15/the-european-parliament-votes-to-elect-jean-claude-juncker-as-president-of-the-european-commission.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
4. [Amidst staunch opposition from UK Prime Minister David Cameron's ministry, the European Council nominates Jean-Claude Juncker, former Prime Minister of Luxembourg, to be President of the European Commission. ](/news/2014/06/27/amidst-staunch-opposition-from-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-ministry-the-european-council-nominates-jean-claude-juncker-former-prime.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
5. [In his yearly State of the Union speech at the European Parliament, President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso appeals for more European integration and a supervision mechanism for the 6,000 banks in Europe. ](/news/2012/09/12/in-his-yearly-state-of-the-union-speech-at-the-european-parliament-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-appeals-for-mo.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
6. [Five European presidents and the President of the European Commission cancel visits to Ukraine over the treatment of the former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko. ](/news/2012/05/1/five-european-presidents-and-the-president-of-the-european-commission-cancel-visits-to-ukraine-over-the-treatment-of-the-former-prime-minist.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
7. [Enda Kenny and Michael Noonan of Ireland's (opposition) Fine Gael party meet the President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso in Brussels. The pair are believed to be protesting against the terms of the country's recent financial bailout from the EU/IMF. ](/news/2011/01/28/enda-kenny-and-michael-noonan-of-ireland-s-opposition-fine-gael-party-meet-the-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-i.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
8. [ President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso nominates a new team of commissioners for his second five-year term. ](/news/2009/11/27/president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-nominates-a-new-team-of-commissioners-for-his-second-five-year-term.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
9. [ Polish President Lech Kaczynski announces his intention to sign the Treaty of Lisbon on Saturday October 10, completing the country's ratification process. The Polish ratification ceremony is due to be attended by President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2009/10/8/polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-announces-his-intention-to-sign-the-treaty-of-lisbon-on-saturday-october-10-completing-the-country-s-rati.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
10. [ President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso arrives in Ireland on the campaign trail for the country's second referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2009/09/19/president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-arrives-in-ireland-on-the-campaign-trail-for-the-country-s-second-referendum-on-t.md) _Context: President of the European Commission_
