### [2003-10-1](/news/2003/10/1/index.md)

#  Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe: Following talks with Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla on the draft European Union constitution and the Czech Republic's position on the document, the Czech President Vaclav Klaus decides not to travel to Rome and attend the forthcoming intergovernmental conference.




### Related:

1. [ Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-they-vote-on-it-agai.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU, Vaclav Klaus, president_
2. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vaclav Klaus, president_
3. [ Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer says President Vaclav Klaus's disruption of the Treaty of Lisbon is harming the country's credit. ](/news/2009/10/16/czech-prime-minister-jan-fischer-says-president-va-clav-klaus-s-disruption-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is-harming-the-country-s-credit.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vaclav Klaus, president_
4. [ Czech President Vaclav Klaus's disruption of the Treaty of Lisbon is deemed "absurd, irresponsible and damaging to the country" by his predecessor Vaclav Havel. ](/news/2009/10/15/czech-president-va-clav-klaus-s-disruption-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is-deemed-absurd-irresponsible-and-damaging-to-the-country-by-his-pre.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vaclav Klaus, president_
5. [ Czech President Vaclav Klaus postpones his signing of the Senate-approved Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2009/05/6/czech-president-va-clav-klaus-postpones-his-signing-of-the-senate-approved-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Vaclav Klaus, president_
6. [ The Czech Republic finally chooses a new President, former Prime Minister Vclav Klaus. The county had been without a President after three attempts at choosing a replacement for former President Vclav Havel.](/news/2003/02/28/the-czech-republic-finally-chooses-a-new-president-former-prime-minister-vaclav-klaus-the-county-had-been-without-a-president-after-three.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, president_
7. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech Republic, president_
8. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
9. [Voters in the European Union go to the polls for a multi-day European Parliamentary election. Voters in Ireland and the Czech Republic vote today. ](/news/2014/05/23/voters-in-the-european-union-go-to-the-polls-for-a-multi-day-european-parliamentary-election-voters-in-ireland-and-the-czech-republic-vote.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
10. [Milos Zeman wins Czech presidential election and becomes the next President of the Czech Republic running ahead of Karel Schwarzenberg. ](/news/2013/01/26/miloa-zeman-wins-czech-presidential-election-and-becomes-the-next-president-of-the-czech-republic-running-ahead-of-karel-schwarzenberg.md) _Context: Czech Republic, president_
