### [2008-08-25](/news/2008/08/25/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7580386.stm)
2. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article/600/42/370378.htm)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article4602459.ece)
4. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB121963217681968159.html)

### Related:

1. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Georgian, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South Ossetia_
3. [The International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague dismisses by 10-6 Georgia's accusation that Russia and separatist rebels engaged in ethnic cleansing in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2011/04/1/the-international-court-of-justice-icj-in-the-hague-dismisses-by-10-6-georgia-s-accusation-that-russia-and-separatist-rebels-engaged-in-et.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
4. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev arrives in Abkhazia on his first visit there since the territory declared independence from Georgia two years ago. ](/news/2010/08/8/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-arrives-in-abkhazia-on-his-first-visit-there-since-the-territory-declared-independence-from-georgia-two-ye.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian, Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
6. [ Georgia cuts diplomatic ties with Russia following Russian recognition of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. ](/news/2008/08/29/georgia-cuts-diplomatic-ties-with-russia-following-russian-recognition-of-south-ossetia-and-abkhazia.md) _Context: Abkhazia, Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
7. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Russia recognises the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.](/news/2008/08/26/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-recognises-the-independence-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazia, Russia, South Ossetia_
8. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
9. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: According to general staff in Moscow, Russia has begun troop withdrawals from Georgia, following a pledge by President Dmitry Medvedev. However, 'Moscow saying it has the right to keep some troops as peacekeepers in a buffer zone around South Ossetia'. ](/news/2008/08/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-according-to-general-staff-in-moscow-russia-has-begun-troop-withdrawals-from-georgia-following-a-pledge-by-presi.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
10. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgian, Russia, South Ossetia_
