### [2008-08-25](/news/2008/08/25/index.md)

#  Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5jpyT722Opigm_Q4o_kBRSUEUyH1A)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: American, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: American, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas meet in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/03/4/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-and-palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-meet-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: American, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, United States Secretary of State_
4. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: American, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: American, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [ Iran: The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/iran-p-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its.md) _Context: American, Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: American, Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
8. [ Condoleezza Rice, the United States Secretary of State, travels to the Middle East to talk with Israel and the Palestinian National Authority about the peace process. ](/news/2007/03/23/condoleezza-rice-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-travels-to-the-middle-east-to-talk-with-israel-and-the-palestinian-national-authori.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, Palestinian National Authority, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinean President Mahmoud Abbas will attend a common meeting later this week. ](/news/2006/06/20/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-and-palestinean-president-mahmoud-abbas-will-attend-a-common-meeting-later-this-week.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
