### [2008-08-25](/news/2008/08/25/index.md)

#  Russia is considering arming its Baltic Fleet with nuclear warheads for the first time since the Cold War. 




### Source:

1. [Alfa](http://www.alfa.lt/straipsnis/c85405)

### Related:

1. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses  50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief.md) _Context: Baltic Fleet, Russia_
2. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Cold War, Russia_
3. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Cold War, Russia_
4. [The carrier USS ''Ronald Reagan'', during a military exercise with South Korea  in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes,  according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin.  ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-f.md) _Context: Cold War, Russia_
5. [Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. ](/news/2011/05/18/dmitry-medvedev-the-president-of-russia-warns-of-a-potential-new-cold-war-if-the-united-states-does-not-listen-to-russia-s-concerns-about.md) _Context: Cold War, Russia_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
