### [2008-08-25](/news/2008/08/25/index.md)

#  The 2008 National Convention of the U.S. Democratic Party begins in Denver, Colorado. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7580352.stm)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 North American winter: Late March 2016 North American blizzard: A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/2015-16-north-american-winter-late-march-2016-north-american-blizzard-a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities.md) _Context: Colorado, Denver_
2. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado, Denver_
3. [Harry Reid, the Democratic US Senate leader, says the U.S. appears to be heading over the fiscal cliff, with tax raises and spending cuts imminent. ](/news/2012/12/27/harry-reid-the-democratic-us-senate-leader-says-the-u-s-appears-to-be-heading-over-the-fiscal-cliff-with-tax-raises-and-spending-cuts-im.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
4. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
5. [ Two men are arrested in Denver, Colorado, United States, as part of an FBI terror probe. ](/news/2009/09/19/two-men-are-arrested-in-denver-colorado-united-states-as-part-of-an-fbi-terror-probe.md) _Context: Colorado, Denver_
6. [ Late 2000s recession in the Americas:: U.S. President Obama signs the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 in Denver, Colorado. ](/news/2009/02/17/late-2000s-recession-in-the-americas-u-s-president-obama-signs-the-american-recovery-and-reinvestment-act-of-2009-in-denver-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado, Denver_
7. [ A Russian Soyuz 2 rocket body re-enters the atmosphere as "space junk", breaking up and disintegrating over Denver, Colorado, and is seen throughout the Rocky Mountains of the United States. The rocket was used to launch the French CoRoT astronomy satellite on December 27, 2006. None of the "space junk" fragments are confirmed to have struck Earth. ](/news/2007/01/4/a-russian-soyuz-2-rocket-body-re-enters-the-atmosphere-as-space-junk-breaking-up-and-disintegrating-over-denver-colorado-and-is-seen-t.md) _Context: Colorado, Denver_
8. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Democratic_
