### [2008-03-16](/news/2008/03/16/index.md)

#  The Australian Government announces that the wreck of the German auxiliary cruiser "Kormoran" has been found off the coast of Western Australia. The ship sank after a battle in 1941. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/national/kormorans-ocean-grave/2008/03/16/1205602195054.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian Capital Territory becomes the first Australian territory to legalize same-sex marriage while the Government of Australia launches a legal challenge in the High Court. ](/news/2013/10/22/australian-capital-territory-becomes-the-first-australian-territory-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-while-the-government-of-australia-launches.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
2. [Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. ](/news/2011/03/23/thousands-of-people-gather-in-canberra-australia-to-protest-the-introduction-of-a-carbon-tax-prime-minister-julia-gillard-met-the-australi.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
3. [The Australian government proposes a new "flood tax" to raise funds for reconstruction work following severe flooding in the east of the country. ](/news/2011/01/27/the-australian-government-proposes-a-new-flood-tax-to-raise-funds-for-reconstruction-work-following-severe-flooding-in-the-east-of-the-cou.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
4. [Australian mining stocks plummet after the government passes a new 40% profit tax on the industry. International mining companies warn that many new mining projects may be canceled. ](/news/2010/05/3/australian-mining-stocks-plummet-after-the-government-passes-a-new-40-profit-tax-on-the-industry-international-mining-companies-warn-that.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
5. [ Australia's government announces a A$43-billion investment for the National Broadband Network. ](/news/2009/04/7/australia-s-government-announces-a-a-43-billion-investment-for-the-national-broadband-network.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
6. [ Australia:. The government announces a $42-billion stimulus package to revive the economy. ](/news/2009/02/3/australia-the-government-announces-a-42-billion-stimulus-package-to-revive-the-economy.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-the-government-of-australia-will-guarantee-all-deposits-in-all-australian-banks-f.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
8. [ Australia:. New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/australia-new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
9. [ Severely injured victims of the 2005 Bali bombings are being evacuated to medical facilities in Australia and Singapore. The Australian Government has made moves to assist Indonesia in its response, dispatching Australian Federal Police officers and forensic experts to assist in investigations. ](/news/2005/10/2/severely-injured-victims-of-the-2005-bali-bombings-are-being-evacuated-to-medical-facilities-in-australia-and-singapore-the-australian-gov.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
10. [ Australia agrees to fund Indonesia's response to avian influenza by providing anti-viral drugs to protect health workers in the event of a pandemic and contributing to a World Health Organisation team being sent to Jakarta. The Federal Opposition foreign affairs spokesman, Kevin Rudd, urged the Australian Government to further co-operate with regional states by calling for a regional summit on the issue. ](/news/2005/09/22/australia-agrees-to-fund-indonesia-s-response-to-avian-influenza-by-providing-anti-viral-drugs-to-protect-health-workers-in-the-event-of-a.md) _Context: Australia, Australia's government_
