### [2010-04-27](/news/2010/04/27/index.md)

# Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a -45-billion EU-IMF bailout. 




### Source:

1. [Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-04-27/greek-banks-face-mounting-pressure-as-s-p-cuts-ratings-to-junk.html)

### Related:

1. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: EUR, European Union, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
2. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015: Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis timeline: Greece has formally requested a new bailout loan from the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/07/24/greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-greece-has-formally-requested-a-new-bailout-loan-from-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
6. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
7. [Officials in the European Union acknowledge that Greece will need a second bailout program soon, and American ratings agency Standard & Poor's downgrades Greek bonds to junk status. ](/news/2011/05/9/officials-in-the-european-union-acknowledge-that-greece-will-need-a-second-bailout-program-soon-and-american-ratings-agency-standard-poor.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, Standard & Poor's_
8. [The International Monetary Fund approves a 26 billion euro loan to Portugal as part of a joint bailout package with the European Union to try to resolve the European sovereign debt crisis. ](/news/2011/05/20/the-international-monetary-fund-approves-a-26-billion-euro-loan-to-portugal-as-part-of-a-joint-bailout-package-with-the-european-union-to-tr.md) _Context: EUR, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:: New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. ](/news/2010/10/7/austerity-measures-of-pay-cuts-and-pension-freeze-supported-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund-imf-cause-civil-servants.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
