### [2014-05-9](/news/2014/05/9/index.md)

# 2014 Crimean crisis:. Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Crimea for the first time since the annexation, arriving in Sevastopol for Victory Day celebrations. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304655304579551310539881766?mg=reno64-wsj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonline.wsj.com%2Farticle%2FSB10001424052702304655304579551310539881766.html)
2. [spacedaily.com](http://www.spacedaily.com/reports/Russia_test-fires_several_ballistic_missiles_999.html)

### Related:

1. [List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis. The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/list-of-individuals-sanctioned-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-a.md) _Context: Crimea, Vladimir Putin, annexation by Russia_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis:. Russian President Vladimir Putin holds a press conference, saying that -force isn-t needed right now- after deploying roughly 16,000 troops to Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/4/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-holds-a-press-conference-saying-that-force-isn-t-needed-right-now-after-depl.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, Crimea, Vladimir Putin_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Russia-Ukraine relations. The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
7. [Russia-United States relations. When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Women in Russia. President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/women-in-russia-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [2016 G20 Hangzhou summit. U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-g20-hangzhou-summit-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syria.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
