### [2003-06-3](/news/2003/06/3/index.md)

#  Israel frees about 100 Palestinian prisoners before the Mideast peace summit with President of the United States George W. Bush in a sign of goodwill.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, U.S. President_
2. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, U.S. President_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush says Israel must return to its pre-1967 borders to enable the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2008/01/10/u-s-president-george-w-bush-says-israel-must-return-to-its-pre-1967-borders-to-enable-the-establishment-of-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, U.S. President_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, U.S. President_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush has promised the President of the Palestinian Authority, Abu Mazen, $50 million in aid and reiterated that Israel was to stop all settlement activity on the West Bank. ](/news/2005/05/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-has-promised-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-abu-mazen-50-million-in-aid-and-reiterated-that-is.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, U.S. President_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, U.S. President_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [ Palestinian Cabinet Minister Saeb Erekat rejects statements by President of the United States George W. Bush stating that Israel would be allowed to keep some West Bank Israeli population centers. ](/news/2004/04/14/palestinian-cabinet-minister-saeb-erekat-rejects-statements-by-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-stating-that-israel-would-be-a.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ War on Terrorism: President of the United States George W. Bush announces a freeze on the assets of the Palestinian militant leaders of Hamas and organizations financially supporting the "terrorist organization". The action is taken because Hamas officially claims responsibility for the act of terror on August 19.](/news/2003/08/22/war-on-terrorism-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-announces-a-freeze-on-the-assets-of-the-palestinian-militant-leaders-of-ham.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Palestinian, U.S. President_
10. [ President George W. Bush begins his Middle East trip today, beginning with Egypt. He is in talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders. He promises to work for the goal of Israel and a Palestinian state being able to live side by side without any bloodshed.](/news/2003/06/2/president-george-w-bush-begins-his-middle-east-trip-today-beginning-with-egypt-he-is-in-talks-with-israeli-and-palestinian-leaders-he-p.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, Palestinian_
