### [2003-06-3](/news/2003/06/3/index.md)

#  Sammy Sosa of baseball's Chicago Cubs is ejected from a game after he is found to have used a corked bat. The Cubs went on to beat the Devil Rays, 3 to 2. Major League Baseball Officials confiscated 76 of Sosa's spare bats after his ejection, and all were found to be clean, with no cork.




### Related:

1. [Dallas Braden of the Oakland Athletics throws the 19th perfect game in Major League Baseball history in a 4-0 win over the Tampa Bay Rays. ](/news/2010/05/9/dallas-braden-of-the-oakland-athletics-throws-the-19th-perfect-game-in-major-league-baseball-history-in-a-4-0-win-over-the-tampa-bay-rays.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Tampa Bay Rays_
2. [ Sammy Sosa, one of six Major League Baseball players to have hit 600 home runs in his career, is reported to have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs during the 2003 season. ](/news/2009/06/16/sammy-sosa-one-of-six-major-league-baseball-players-to-have-hit-600-home-runs-in-his-career-is-reported-to-have-tested-positive-for-perfo.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Sammy Sosa_
3. [ Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. ](/news/2004/10/1/ichiro-suzuki-a-japanese-baseball-star-now-playing-for-major-league-baseball-s-new-york-yankees-breaks-george-sisler-s-84-year-old-record.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
4. [ Baseball: Barry Bonds ties the 63-year-old record of Jimmie Foxx by homering against the Arizona Diamondbacks' Curt Schilling, becoming the second player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 30 home runs in 12 consecutive seasons.](/news/2003/07/12/baseball-barry-bonds-ties-the-63-year-old-record-of-jimmie-foxx-by-homering-against-the-arizona-diamondbacks-curt-schilling-becoming-the.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
5. [ US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.](/news/2003/06/11/us-baseball-six-houston-astros-pitchers-combine-to-pitch-a-no-hitter-against-the-new-york-yankees-the-game-sets-several-records-includin.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
6. [ A bench clearing brawl happens in a baseball game between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the St. Louis Cardinals. Tino Martinez was hit by a 1-0 pitch from Miguel Batista, and took first base. He was then forced out at second base during the next batter's at-bat. When heading back to the dugout, Martinez charged Batista from behind. Batista turned and threw the ball at him, and players from both teams joined the altercation. The Diamondbacks ultimately won the game, 1-0, and the MLB suspends Martinez for four games, and Batista for ten.](/news/2003/04/20/a-bench-clearing-brawl-happens-in-a-baseball-game-between-the-arizona-diamondbacks-and-the-st-louis-cardinals-tino-martinez-was-hit-by-a.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
7. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: baseball game_
8. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [Former American Major League Baseball player Roger Clemens is acquitted on all charges in a perjury trial. ](/news/2012/06/18/former-american-major-league-baseball-player-roger-clemens-is-acquitted-on-all-charges-in-a-perjury-trial.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [Star baseball player Barry Bonds is sentenced to 30 days of home detention on obstruction of justice charges following misleading evidence about steroid use. ](/news/2011/12/16/star-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-sentenced-to-30-days-of-home-detention-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-following-misleading-evidence-a.md) _Context: baseball game_
