### [2015-10-17](/news/2015/10/17/index.md)

# A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. 

The Saudi-led air coalition targeting Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen mistakenly hits a pro-government position, killing at least 20 troops, reports say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34563528)
2. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/yemen-sudan-houthi-1.3276586)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. ](/news/2015/10/5/fighting-rages-between-houthi-militants-and-hadi-loyalists-backed-by-saudi-led-coalition-forces-along-yemen-s-red-sea-coast-for-control-over.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
5. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-the-coast-of-yemen-near-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Houthi militants blow up several bridges in Yemen's southwestern Taiz Governorate to halt the advance of pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/11/24/houthi-militants-blow-up-several-bridges-in-yemen-s-southwestern-taiz-governorate-to-halt-the-advance-of-pro-hadi-government-forces.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Taiz Governorate_
10. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
