### [2015-10-17](/news/2015/10/17/index.md)

# A shooting just before midnight at the ninth annual Fort Myers, Florida, Zombicon kills one person and injures four others, none with life threatening injuries, and causes pandemomium on the city's downtown streets. Police ask attendees to share smartphone video from the incident. 

One person was killed and five were wounded during a shooting late Saturday night at Zombicon in downtown Fort Myers, police said.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/10/18/one-killed-zombicon-shooting/74167508/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/18/us-usa-shooting-florida-zombicon-idUSKCN0SC0QU20151018)

### Related:

1. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
2. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops,  tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: smartphone_
3. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
4. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida_
5. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [Circuit Court Judge Debra Nelson in Seminole County, Florida, sentences Matthew Apperson, convicted by a jury last month of second-degree attempted murder, to 20 years in prison for shooting at George Zimmerman, who had shot and killed unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in February 2012. ](/news/2016/10/17/circuit-court-judge-debra-nelson-in-seminole-county-florida-sentences-matthew-apperson-convicted-by-a-jury-last-month-of-second-degree-at.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [New Frontiers program The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-pthe-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: Florida_
