### [2015-10-17](/news/2015/10/17/index.md)

# Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. 

According to NBC News, fugitive drug lord Joaquin &#8220;El Chapo&#8221; Guzman is now suffering from injuries to his leg and face as he continues to elude Mexican authorities. The Mexican governme…


### Source:

1. [The Yucatan Times](http://www.theyucatantimes.com/2015/10/el-chapo-wounded-but-not-caught-after-mexican-armed-forces-operation/)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/17/americas/mexico-el-chapo-injured/)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:At least 14 people are killed in a series of clashes between alleged drug traffickers and police in the Mexican state of Michoacan. The government states that a high-profile drug lord was killed in the battle. ](/news/2013/04/11/mexican-drug-war-pat-least-14-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-clashes-between-alleged-drug-traffickers-and-police-in-the-mexican-state-of-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico, drug kingpin_
2. [Quirino Ordaz Coppel is sworn in as Governor of the Mexican state of Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/01/1/quirino-ordaz-coppel-is-sworn-in-as-governor-of-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexico, Sinaloa_
3. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
4. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
5. [The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexican Drug War_
6. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
7. [Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october-meeting-and-inter.md) _Context: Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Army soldiers kill 22 criminals in a shootout at a warehouse in the town of Tlatlaya in central Mexico. ](/news/2014/06/30/mexican-army-soldiers-kill-22-criminals-in-a-shootout-at-a-warehouse-in-the-town-of-tlatlaya-in-central-mexico.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
9. [Mexican Drug War:Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa.  ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-pgalindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kille.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
10. [Mexican Drug War:Shootings erupt over the weekend in three Mexican cities (Cuernavaca, Fresnillo, Monterrey) where drug gangs are fighting turf battles, killing at least nine people and wounding six more. ](/news/2013/09/29/mexican-drug-war-pshootings-erupt-over-the-weekend-in-three-mexican-cities-cuernavaca-fresnillo-monterrey-where-drug-gangs-are-fighting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
