### [2015-10-17](/news/2015/10/17/index.md)

# Henriette Reker, a candidate in Cologne's mayoral race, is stabbed in the neck by a man claiming to be angry over Germany's refugee policies. Reker is in serious condition, as is an aide. Three others suffered minor injuries. 

BERLIN — A candidate to be mayor of the German city of Cologne was stabbed and seriously wounded yesterday (Oct 17) by a man who claimed anti-foreigner motives, an attack that Germany’s interior minister said underlined growing concerns over hatred and violence in the refugee crisis. Ms Henriette Reker was stabbed in the neck at a campaign stand set up by Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Democrats at a market. She suffered serious injuries but her condition was stable, police chief Wolfgang Albers said. Ms Reker is an independent candidate in today’s election for the new mayor of Germany’s fourth-biggest city, but is backed by Ms Merkel’s conservatives and two other parties. The 58-year-old currently heads Cologne’s social affairs and integration department, and is responsible for refugee housing. Another woman was seriously wounded and three people had minor injuries from the attack, senior police investigator Norbert Wagner told reporters. The suspected assailant, a 44-year-old German national and Cologne resident who said he had been unemployed for several years, told officials that he targeted Reker and that “he wanted to and did commit this act because of anti-foreigner motives”, Mr Wagner said. He added that the man appeared to have acted alone and had no police record. Prosecutor Ulf Willuhn said officials will now investigate whether that was in fact the man’s primary motive or whether his health played a role. They plan to carry out a psychiatric examination. Asked whether the suspect had specifically mentioned Reker’s or Merkel’s policies on refugees, Mr Wagner said: “No. He made general statements in that direction _ he didn’t mention Ms Merkel at all.” City officials said today’s election would go ahead as planned. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere described the stabbing as “an attack on our democracy” and said he had long been “concerned by the hate-filled language and violent actions that accompany the refugee debate in Germany”. “This cowardly attack in Cologne is further evidence of the increasing radicalization of the refugee debate,” he said in a statement. Germany has taken in more refugees and other migrants than any other European Union country, and the influx is stretching its capacity to house newcomers. Most Germans have been welcoming, but there have been repeated attacks this year on refugee shelters, ranging from arson to racist graffiti. Attacks on politicians are rare in Germany, but there have been prominent cases. Then-Interior Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble was shot by a deranged man while campaigning in October 1990, an attack that left him using a wheelchair. A few months earlier, a mentally disturbed woman stabbed Oskar Lafontaine, then a prominent member of Germany’s main opposition party, while he was campaigning in Cologne. AP


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34561531)
2. [Today Online](http://www.todayonline.com/world/europe/german-mayoral-candidate-wounded-knife-attack?singlepage=true)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: Cologne_
2. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne_
3. [Terrorism in Germany: German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/terrorism-in-germany-german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planni.md) _Context: Cologne_
4. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-critici.md) _Context: Cologne_
5. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appea.md) _Context: Cologne_
6. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mas.md) _Context: Cologne_
7. [Hamburg-Koln-Express, the second open-access train operating company to challenge market leader Deutsche Bahn AG for its lucrative long-distance business, launches a route in Germany connecting the northern city of Hamburg with Cologne in the west. ](/news/2012/07/23/hamburg-kapln-express-the-second-open-access-train-operating-company-to-challenge-market-leader-deutsche-bahn-ag-for-its-lucrative-long-dis.md) _Context: Cologne_
8. [10,000 people arrive in Cologne for the opening ceremony of the 2010 Gay Games. ](/news/2010/08/4/10-000-people-arrive-in-cologne-for-the-opening-ceremony-of-the-2010-gay-games.md) _Context: Cologne_
9. [ Three people are believed trapped after Cologne's municipal archives building collapses. ](/news/2009/03/3/three-people-are-believed-trapped-after-cologne-s-municipal-archives-building-collapses.md) _Context: Cologne_
10. [ The Wallraf-Richartz Museum in Cologne has announced that its painting "The Seine at Port Villez", thought to be by Claude Monet, is a forgery. ](/news/2008/02/14/the-wallraf-richartz-museum-in-cologne-has-announced-that-its-painting-the-seine-at-port-villez-thought-to-be-by-claude-monet-is-a-forg.md) _Context: Cologne_
