### [2007-06-27](/news/2007/06/27/index.md)

#  ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. 




### Source:

1. [10 Downing Street](http://www.pm.gov.uk/output/Page12154.asp)
2. [All of the above, BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/6244586.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown shuffles the Cabinet: [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0605/ukpolitics.html (RTE)] Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece (''Times'')] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile (''Guardian'')] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-shuffles-the-cabinet-http-www-rte-ie-news-2009-0605-ukpolitics-html-rta-p-secretary-of-st.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Margaret Beckett, Prime Minster, Secretary of State for Health, United Kingdom_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, U.S. President, United Kingdom, United States_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: French, George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, U.S. President, United States_
4. [ Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown arrives in the United States for his first official meeting with President George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/07/29/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-arrives-in-the-united-states-for-his-first-official-meeting-with-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, U.S. President, United States_
5. [ Alleged racist treatment of Indian actress Shilpa Shetty on Celebrity Big Brother 2007 draws widespread attention. It has attracted a record 33,000 complaints, death threats and has resulted in cancellation of multi-million  pound Big Brother sponsorships and participants' modelling contracts. Prime Minister Tony Blair's likely successor, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown commented on the subject during his India visit and has been mentioned in the House of Commons. ](/news/2007/01/18/alleged-racist-treatment-of-indian-actress-shilpa-shetty-on-celebrity-big-brother-2007-draws-widespread-attention-it-has-attracted-a-recor.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
6. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: MP, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom, United States_
7. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, French, Nicolas Sarkozy, Tony Blair_
8. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, MP, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
9. [ Gordon Brown becomes the United Kingdom's fifth Prime Minister to address a joint session of the U.S. Congress. ](/news/2009/03/4/gordon-brown-becomes-the-united-kingdom-s-fifth-prime-minister-to-address-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom, United States_
10. [ Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-p-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach, U.S. President, United States_
