### [2015-06-30](/news/2015/06/30/index.md)

#  2015 Indonesian military plane crash. A Hercules C-130 military aircraft with 113 people onboard crashes in a residential area in the Indonesian city of Medan, resulting in at least 116 deaths. 

More than 100 are feared killed as a military transport plane crashes in a residential area of the Indonesian city of Medan, officials say.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2015-06-30-AS--Indonesia-Military%20Plane%20Crash/id-43471b119ddf44d084a1eb646fbd5e91)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-33323419)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/indonesia-military-plane-crashes-hotel-dozens-killed-n384201)

### Related:

1. [2016 Indonesian Air Force Lockheed C-130 Hercules crash. An Indonesian military Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane crashes in Papua province killing all 13 people on board. ](/news/2016/12/18/2016-indonesian-air-force-lockheed-c-130-hercules-crash-an-indonesian-military-lockheed-c-130-hercules-transport-plane-crashes-in-papua-pro.md) _Context: Indonesia, Lockheed C-130 Hercules_
2. [2015 Indonesia Hercules C-130 crash. The death toll from yesterday's crash in the Indonesian city of Medan rises to 141. ](/news/2015/07/1/2015-indonesia-hercules-c-130-crash-the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-crash-in-the-indonesian-city-of-medan-rises-to-141.md) _Context: Indonesia, Medan_
3. [ A fire at a nightclub in the North Sumatra capital of Medan, Indonesia, kills at least 20 people. ](/news/2009/12/4/a-fire-at-a-nightclub-in-the-north-sumatra-capital-of-medan-indonesia-kills-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Indonesia, Medan_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [South China Sea disputes. Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [2017 United States Marine Corps KC-130 crash. A United States Marine Corps Lockheed C-130 Hercules military transport aircraft carrying sixteen people has crashed near the American town of Greenwood, Mississippi. All sixteen bodies have been recovered. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-united-states-marine-corps-kc-130-crash-a-united-states-marine-corps-lockheed-c-130-hercules-military-transport-aircraft-carrying-sixt.md) _Context: Lockheed C-130 Hercules_
10. [United Nations Ocean Conference. At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
