### [2015-06-30](/news/2015/06/30/index.md)

#  A man self-immolates aboard a "Nozomi" Shinkansen train running from Tokyo to Osaka; the man and another passenger die. Eleven others were reported injured. 




### Source:

1. [NHK World](http://www3.nhk.or.jp/nhkworld/english/news/20150630_35.html)

### Related:

1. [ A magnitude 4.8 earthquake affected Japan just south of Tokyo. Shinkansen service was suspended for 15 minutes but no damage was reported. ](/news/2006/08/31/a-magnitude-4-8-earthquake-affected-japan-just-south-of-tokyo-shinkansen-service-was-suspended-for-15-minutes-but-no-damage-was-reported.md) _Context: Shinkansen, Tokyo_
2. [Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-being-cancelled-it-arrives-on.md) _Context: Tokyo_
3. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-govern.md) _Context: Tokyo_
4. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Tokyo_
5. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: Tokyo_
6. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: sets herself alight_
7. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: sets herself alight_
8. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Tokyo_
9. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: Tokyo_
10. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Tokyo_
