### [2015-06-30](/news/2015/06/30/index.md)

# Governor of California Jerry Brown signs a bill into law requiring all children to get vaccinations before being allowed to go to school or day care. 

SACRAMENTO — Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation Tuesday that will make California one of the strictest states in requiring children to be vaccinated before attending public and private schools or day care, beginning in January. The state will stop offering personal- or religious-belief exemptions for school vaccines next year, when California joins just two other states in allowing only medical exemptions signed by a doctor. Brown signed SB277 less than 24 hours after the bill landed on his desk, prompting supporters to turn their Tuesday news conference into a victory rally instead of a meeting to urge the governor to sign the legislation. “The science is clear that vaccines dramatically protect children against a number of infectious and dangerous diseases,” Brown wrote in a signing message with the bill. Noting the “considerable debate” in the Legislature about the vaccine mandate, Brown called attention to an amendment of the new law that will allow children to receive a medical exemption from a doctor. In addition to medical exemptions for children who cannot be safely vaccinated, doctors can also consider family medical history — such as a sibling’s adverse reaction to a vaccine. Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children will have to homeschool or enroll them in an off-campus independent study program. California requires public- and private-school students to be vaccinated against 10 diseases — including measles, mumps, rubella, tetanus, chicken pox, hepatitis B and diphtheria — before entering kindergarten. Public health officials say immunization rates need to be high — at least 90 percent of the population — to prevent the spread of diseases and protect individuals who can’t receive vaccines because of age or illness. Some children were given conditional entry when a vaccine was not yet due, making the total vaccination rate 90.4 percent of the 535,332 students enrolled in kindergartens across the state. Marin County has the highest rate of personal-belief exemptions in the Bay Area, with 6.5 percent of children having entered school without all of the required vaccinations.


### Source:

1. [SFgate](http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Brown-signs-bill-requiring-childhood-vaccinations-6358317.php)

### Related:

1. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
2. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
3. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a drought emergency and asks residents of the state to voluntarily conserve water. ](/news/2014/01/17/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-drought-emergency-and-asks-residents-of-the-state-to-voluntarily-conserve-water.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
4. [The Governor of the US state of California Jerry Brown signs off on billions of savings to the budget but acknowledges that billions more in savings or revenue increases need to be found to resolve the ongoing budget crisis. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-california-jerry-brown-signs-off-on-billions-of-savings-to-the-budget-but-acknowledges-that-billions-more-in.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
5. [California Governor Jerry Brown signs a bill that would limit the role of law enforcement agencies in holding and questioning illegal immigrants statewide. The bill is similar to those already passed locally in so called sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/09/12/california-governor-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-that-would-limit-the-role-of-law-enforcement-agencies-in-holding-and-questioning-illegal-immigr.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
6. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency in 50 counties, as winter storms kill four and cause millions of dollars in damage. ](/news/2017/01/24/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-50-counties-as-winter-storms-kill-four-and-cause-millions-of-dollars-in-da.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
7. [California governor Jerry Brown rejects a parole for Leslie van Houten, a cult follower of Charles Manson. ](/news/2016/07/23/california-governor-jerry-brown-rejects-a-parole-for-leslie-van-houten-a-cult-follower-of-charles-manson.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
8. [The California State Legislature passes a bill which would enact a state requirement for the vaccination of children enrolled in schools. The bill is now pending Governor Jerry Brown's approval before going into law. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-california-state-legislature-passes-a-bill-which-would-enact-a-state-requirement-for-the-vaccination-of-children-enrolled-in-schools-th.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
9. [Mexico suspends vaccination of infants and authorises an inquiry after two babies die and 29 injured in the municipality of Simojovel in Chiapas state. ](/news/2015/05/10/mexico-suspends-vaccination-of-infants-and-authorises-an-inquiry-after-two-babies-die-and-29-injured-in-the-municipality-of-simojovel-in-chi.md) _Context: vaccination_
10. [California governor Jerry Brown announces mandatory water restrictions in response to the worst drought in California history. ](/news/2015/04/1/california-governor-jerry-brown-announces-mandatory-water-restrictions-in-response-to-the-worst-drought-in-california-history.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
