### [2015-06-30](/news/2015/06/30/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the Philippines asks the government to respond to a petition seeking to repeal a law banning same-sex marriage in the country. 

The Supreme Court en banc asks the Civil Registrar to respond to a petition filed by a young Filipino lawyer, who identified himself as openly gay 


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/97941-respond-same-sex-marriage-petition-supreme-court)

### Related:

1. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos: The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
4. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
5. [A petition to legalize same-sex marriage in the Philippines is filed in the Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/05/26/a-petition-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-in-the-philippines-is-filed-in-the-supreme-court.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
6. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines: Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulk.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines abolishes the Priority Development Assistance Fund, otherwise known as the 'pork barrel', prompting Philippine President Benigno Aquino III to fly back to Manila. ](/news/2013/11/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-abolishes-the-priority-development-assistance-fund-otherwise-known-as-the-pork-barrel-prompting-phi.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
8. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos: The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
9. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippines_
