### [2016-10-28](/news/2016/10/28/index.md)

# Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. 

The nine slain followers of the town mayor killed in a police anti-narcotics operation in Makilala, North Cotabato Friday were all residents of Datu Saudi Ampatuan, Maguindanao. 


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/29/world/asia/philippines-duterte-mayor-police.html?_r=0)
2. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/nation/2016/10/28/1638270/2-security-killed-along-narco-mayor-just-hired-private-firm)
2. [Cover Image](http://media.philstar.com/images/the-philippine-star/nation/20161028/Datu-Saudi-Mayor-Samsudin-Dimaukom-killed.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
2. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
3. [ Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwid.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
4. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
5. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-ob.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
7. [President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in-the-illicit-drug-trad.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
8. [The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-current-government-asks-philippine-president-rodrigo-dutert.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, war on drugs_
9. [The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-joins-the-government-cabin.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, decades-old problem, war on drugs_
10. [Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-duterte-took-office-as-president-and-made-statements-enc.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
