### [2016-10-28](/news/2016/10/28/index.md)

#  Hillary Clinton email controversy. James Comey informs Congress that "the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation." He says the FBI has not yet assessed the importance or significance of these emails. 

&#8220;It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election,&#8221; said John Podesta.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/28/politics/fbi-reviewing-new-emails-in-clinton-probe-director-tells-senate-judiciary-committee/)
2. [Observer](http://observer.com/2016/10/hillary-clinton-demands-fbi-release-newly-discovered-anthony-weiner-emails/)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/29/us/politics/fbi-hillary-clinton-email.html)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: James Comey, email server_
2. [James Comey Senate Intelligence Committee testimony. President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/james-comey-senate-intelligence-committee-testimony-president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-y.md) _Context: James Comey_
3. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: James Comey_
4. [Dismissal of James Comey. U.S. President Donald Trump clarifies that he did not record any private conversations with former FBI Director James Comey. ](/news/2017/06/22/dismissal-of-james-comey-u-s-president-donald-trump-clarifies-that-he-did-not-record-any-private-conversations-with-former-fbi-director-ja.md) _Context: James Comey_
5. [Dismissal of James Comey. U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/dismissal-of-james-comey-u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g.md) _Context: James Comey_
6. [Comey memos. "The New York Times" reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/comey-memos-the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-presi.md) _Context: James Comey_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: email server_
8. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: email server_
9. [Hillary Clinton email investigation. The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/hillary-clinton-email-investigation-the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-c.md) _Context: email server_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton email controversy. During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: email server_
