### [2016-10-28](/news/2016/10/28/index.md)

#  Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 

The extremist group has forced almost 8,000 families to leave the homes, probably as a defensive tactic to defend the city of Mosul, according to the U.N.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/28/middleeast/iraq-mosul-isis/)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-n-says-isis-executes-230-people-uses-tens-thousands-n674446)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executes at least 284 people in Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executes-at-least-284-people-in-mosul.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul, United Nations_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). Hamam al-Alil massacre. Iraqi Army discover at least 100 beheaded bodies as they retake Hamam al-Alil, the last major settlement south of Mosul. ](/news/2016/11/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-hamam-al-alil-massacre-iraqi-army-discover-at-least-100-beheaded-bodies-as-they-r.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Mosul_
5. [Battle of Mosul (2016). United Nations Human Rights Council spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani says ISIL militants killed 40 former Iraqi Security Forces members and threw their bodies in the Tigris river near Mosul on Saturday. ](/news/2016/11/1/battle-of-mosul-2016-united-nations-human-rights-council-spokeswoman-ravina-shamdasani-says-isil-militants-killed-40-former-iraqi-securit.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Military intervention against ISIL. Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
