### [2003-03-15](/news/2003/03/15/index.md)

#  Hu Jintao is elected President of the People's Republic of China by the National People's Congress by a vote of 2,937 to 4 with three abstentions. His predecessor, Jiang Zemin, steps down after serving the maximum of two five-year terms.




### Related:

1. [ At the 11th National People's Congress, Hu Jintao is elected to a second term as the President of China, and Xi Jinping is elected Vice-President. ](/news/2008/03/15/at-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-hu-jintao-is-elected-to-a-second-term-as-the-president-of-china-and-xi-jinping-is-elected-vice-pre.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, parliament_
2. [ President Hu Jintao of the People's Republic of China is elected to be chairman of the Central Military Commission by the 3rd Plenum of the 10th National People's Congress. ](/news/2005/03/12/president-hu-jintao-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-is-elected-to-be-chairman-of-the-central-military-commission-by-the-3rd-plenum-of-the.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, parliament_
3. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
4. [The National People's Congress names CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping as the new President of the People's Republic of China, Politburo member Li Yuanchao as the new Vice President, Li Keqiang as the new Premier, and Politburo standing member Zhang Dejiang as the Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-people-s-congress-names-cpc-general-secretary-xi-jinping-as-the-new-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-politburo-memb.md) _Context: Chinese President, parliament_
5. [A Tibetan activist sets himself on fire at a demonstration in India's capital New Delhi ahead of a visit by the President of China Hu Jintao later in the week. ](/news/2012/03/26/a-tibetan-activist-sets-himself-on-fire-at-a-demonstration-in-india-s-capital-new-delhi-ahead-of-a-visit-by-the-president-of-china-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
6. [President of China Hu Jintao warns of attempts to "westernise" the country by "hostile powers". ](/news/2012/01/2/president-of-china-hu-jintao-warns-of-attempts-to-westernise-the-country-by-hostile-powers.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
7. [Human rights groups send an open letter to the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao, pressing the Chinese government to address the underlying causes of protests that have led 11 Tibetans to set themselves on fire since March. ](/news/2011/11/8/human-rights-groups-send-an-open-letter-to-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-pressing-the-chinese-government-to-ad.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
8. [The People's Republic of China dismisses reports of the death of former President Jiang Zemin as "pure rumour". ](/news/2011/07/7/the-people-s-republic-of-china-dismisses-reports-of-the-death-of-former-president-jiang-zemin-as-pure-rumour.md) _Context: Chinese President, Jiang Zemin_
9. [The President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir arrives in Beijing for talks with Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China to discuss the recent partition with Southern Sudan. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-president-of-sudan-omar-hassan-al-bashir-arrives-in-beijing-for-talks-with-hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
10. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-il arrives in Beijing for a meeting with the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao. ](/news/2011/05/25/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-arrives-in-beijing-for-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao_
