### [2003-03-15](/news/2003/03/15/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: A round of protests takes place in cities across the world.




### Related:

1. [ Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/moments-before-the-address-began-anti-war-protester-cindy-sheehan-is-arrested-in-the-u-s-capitol-building-for-refusing-to-cover-up-a-t-sh.md) _Context: protester_
2. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: protester_
3. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: In an interview on BBC Radio 4, Clare Short, a member of Tony Blair's cabinet, describes his stance on Iraq as "deeply reckless", and says she would resign if he committed the UK to war without an unambiguous mandate from the United Nations.](/news/2003/03/9/iraq-disarmament-crisis-in-an-interview-on-bbc-radio-4-clare-short-a-member-of-tony-blair-s-cabinet-describes-his-stance-on-iraq-as-de.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
4. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Kuwaiti workers have been instructed to make 35 holes in the fence between Iraq and Kuwait, and that the Kuwaiti army is positioning tanks at these openings. The "Pakistan Daily Times" reported that UNIKOM had found armed US Marines in the demilitarized zone along the fence last month. CBC reported that 230 UN support workers have been ordered out of the demilitarized zone.](/news/2003/03/8/iraq-disarmament-crisis-kuwaiti-workers-have-been-instructed-to-make-35-holes-in-the-fence-between-iraq-and-kuwait-and-that-the-kuwaiti-a.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
5. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
6. [ Protests against the 2003 Iraq war: Students protest and go on strike in a number of countries around the world.](/news/2003/03/5/protests-against-the-2003-iraq-war-students-protest-and-go-on-strike-in-a-number-of-countries-around-the-world.md) _Context: protester_
7. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Russia indicate that they will oppose any UN Security Council proposals that would authorize war with Iraq.](/news/2003/03/5/iraq-disarmament-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-france-germany-and-russia-indicate-that-they-will-oppose-any-un-security-council-proposa.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
8. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Iraq destroys six more Al-Samoud 2 missiles, bringing the total destroyed to 10 out of an estimated 100 missiles ordered eliminated by the U.N. The U.S. continues to dismiss Iraq's actions as "part of its game of deception." Iraq indicates that it may halt destruction of the missiles if the U.S. indicates it will go to war anyway.](/news/2003/03/2/iraq-disarmament-crisis-iraq-destroys-six-more-al-samoud-2-missiles-bringing-the-total-destroyed-to-10-out-of-an-estimated-100-missiles-o.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
9. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi said that he supports the U.S., U.K., and Spain for ending diplomatic efforts against Iraq. He also indicates no further UN resolution is necessary to invade Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/iraq-disarmament-crisis-japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-said-that-he-supports-the-u-s-u-k-and-spain-for-ending-diplomatic-ef.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair, and Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar meet in the Azores, Portugal for a summit on the Iraq disarmament crisis. One British official describes the meeting as the "last chance for diplomacy." In a press conference at the end of the meeting, President Bush states that "We concluded that tomorrow is a moment of truth for the world".](/news/2003/03/16/u-s-president-george-w-bush-u-k-prime-minister-tony-blair-and-spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-meet-in-the-azores-portugal-f.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
