### [2015-01-10](/news/2015/01/10/index.md)

# A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.

A suicide bomb attack on a cafe in the Lebanese city of Tripoli killed at least seven people on Saturday, the latest violence to hit a region repeatedly buffeted by violence linked to the civil war in neighboring Syria.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/10/us-lebanon-attack-idUSKBN0KJ0ML20150110)

### Related:

1. [The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-division-in-maarrat-al-nu-man-killing-seven-fsa-fighters-wi.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
2. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
3. [The Lebanese Army and the  al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-of-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-leader-of-the.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, al-Nusra_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/11/29/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russian-airstrikes-kill-at-least-18-civilians-and-wound-dozens-more-in-the-town-of-ariha-in.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
5. [Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-during-clashes-with-t.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
6. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
7. [Russian air-strikes reportedly kill U.S.-backed Syrian rebels as Russian jets bomb rebel positions in rural areas of northern Syria, including the town of Jisr al-Shughour, which is currently held by Islamist militant groups including Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/10/1/russian-air-strikes-reportedly-kill-u-s-backed-syrian-rebels-as-russian-jets-bomb-rebel-positions-in-rural-areas-of-northern-syria-includi.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
8. [Islamist rebels including the al-Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front claim to have captured most of the town of Jisr al-Shughur in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2015/04/25/islamist-rebels-including-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-al-nusra-front-claim-to-have-captured-most-of-the-town-of-jisr-al-shughur-in-the-idlib-gov.md) _Context: al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A sniper kills a man and six people are wounded in clashes between districts in Tripoli, Lebanon, that support rival sides in neighboring Syria's civil war. ](/news/2014/01/5/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pa-sniper-kills-a-man-and-six-people-are-wounded-in-clashes-between-districts-in-tripoli-lebanon-tha.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, Tripoli, Lebanon_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:Sources confirm that Lebanon has captured Majid bin Mohammad al-Majid, leader of the al-Qaeda-linked group Abdullah Azzam Brigades responsible for the recent bombing of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2014/01/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-psources-confirm-that-lebanon-has-captured-majid-bin-mohammad-al-majid-leader-of-the-al-qaeda-linked.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, al-Qaeda_
