### [2015-01-10](/news/2015/01/10/index.md)

# SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, as part of boosting its Dragon spacecraft into space for a Monday arrival at the ISS in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. However, an experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails when it crash-lands on a floating platform possibly due to insufficient hydraulic fluid, resulting in damage to the platform. The state of the destruction of the launch vehicle is publically unknown. 

SpaceX&#039;s Falcon 9 rocket blasted the company&#039;s Dragon cargo capsule toward the International Space Station Saturday morning (Jan. 10) — and then came back to Earth for a dramatic and highly anticipated landing attempt. 


### Source:

1. [Space.com](http://www.space.com/28173-spacex-reusable-rocket-test-dragon-launch.html)
2. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/553963793056030721)

### Related:

1. [Public photographs become available of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket after the experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails and crash-lands on a floating platform in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. ](/news/2015/01/11/public-photographs-become-available-of-spacex-s-falcon-9-rocket-after-the-experimental-recovery-attempt-of-the-first-stage-fails-and-crash-l.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5, fails, floating platform, reusable main-stage booster_
2. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5_
3. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
4. [SpaceX believes that the September 1 Florida launch pad malfunction and explosion of its Falcon 9 rocket and the Facebook payload during routine preparation was likely due to a large breach in its upper-stage oxygen tank's helium system. ](/news/2016/09/23/spacex-believes-that-the-september-1-florida-launch-pad-malfunction-and-explosion-of-its-falcon-9-rocket-and-the-facebook-payload-during-rou.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
5. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: SpaceX, reusable main-stage booster_
8. [Public video emerges of the January 10 SpaceX CRS-5 mission Falcon 9 failed landing. ](/news/2015/01/16/public-video-emerges-of-the-january-10-spacex-crs-5-mission-falcon-9-failed-landing.md) _Context: SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5_
9. [The SpaceX CRS-5 supply ship arrives at the ISS with groceries and Christmas gifts. ](/news/2015/01/12/the-spacex-crs-5-supply-ship-arrives-at-the-iss-with-groceries-and-christmas-gifts.md) _Context: ISS, SpaceX CRS-5_
10. [SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2010/12/8/spacex-launched-the-first-working-dragon-spacecraft-on-a-test-flight-at-10-43am-est-15-43-utc-from-launch-complex-40-cape-canaveral-air-f.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
