### [2015-01-10](/news/2015/01/10/index.md)

# The Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District temporarily closes the Golden Gate Bridge until Monday to install a $30 million moveable barrier between opposite traffic flows. 

The Golden Gate Bridge was closed to traffic over the weekend as crews installed a movable median barrier designed to prevent head-on collisions. The bridge closed to traffic at a minute after midnight Saturday and is scheduled to remain shut down until 4 a.m. Monday. The $30 million barrier will replace the yellow plastic pylons that bridge workers used to place in the middle of the bridge by hand to separate traffic flowing in opposite directions — tiny barriers that could make driving in the inner lanes of the bridge a hair-raising experience. On Saturday, crews worked to install 3,500 separate pieces of the barrier in what Ewa Bauer, the bridge’s engineering director, said was exacting, highly choreographed work. The individual pieces of the barrier are connected with large steel pins. Starting Monday, bridge crews will use new “zipper trucks” to lift, shove and place the concrete segments into position and reconfigure the lanes as needed, instead of placing pylons by hand. Built by Lindsay Transportation Systems, similar “road zippers” are in use on bridges such as the span to Coronado Island in San Diego. While the bridge is closed to private vehicles, Golden Gate Transit buses are operating on regular schedules across the bridge. [...] Golden Gate Bridge spokeswoman Priya Clemens said Saturday ridership was no higher than usual and buses ran on time, despite having to navigate a maze of construction activity. Tideline, a water taxi service, is also running a loop between Pier 1½ in San Francisco to Sausalito and Tiburon from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday and Sunday and 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Monday.


### Source:

1. [SF Gate](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Golden-Gate-Bridge-closed-but-traffic-keeps-6006858.php)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal  with  Saudi Arabia King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-saudi-arabi.md) _Context: US$_
2. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: US$_
3. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: US$_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$_
5. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: US$_
6. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: US$_
7. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: US$_
8. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: US$_
9. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: US$_
10. [According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivalent-to-us-11-3-million-are-reported-missing.md) _Context: US$_
