### [2007-01-11](/news/2007/01/11/index.md)

#  Liberal MP Jean Lapierre resigns from the Canadian House of Commons. Justin Trudeau is likely to be the Liberals' candidate in the next election in the Outremont riding. 




### Source:

1. [London Free Press](http://lfpress.ca/newsstand/News/National/2007/01/12/3320151-sun.html)

### Related:

1. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau, Liberal Party's_
2. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau, Liberal Party's_
3. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons, Liberal Party's_
4. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval-Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe-Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons, Liberal Party's_
5. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian House of Commons, Liberal Party's_
6. [Canada-European Union relations: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). ](/news/2016/10/30/canada-european-union-relations-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-and-eu-officials-sign-the-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreeme.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
7. [Moro Conflict: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his government has "compelling reason to believe" that Robert Hall, who was held hostage in the Philippines, has been killed by his captors, presumably the same Abu Sayyaf militants who beheaded another Canadian, John Ridsdel, on 25 April 2016. ](/news/2016/06/13/moro-conflict-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-says-his-government-has-compelling-reason-to-believe-that-robert-hall-who-was-held.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
8. [2016 Aero Teknic MU-2 crash: Seven people die in a plane crash on the Magdalen Islands in the Canadian province of Quebec. Former minister Jean Lapierre was one of the people on board the plane. ](/news/2016/03/29/2016-aero-teknic-mu-2-crash-seven-people-die-in-a-plane-crash-on-the-magdalen-islands-in-the-canadian-province-of-quebec-former-minister-j.md) _Context: Canada, Jean Lapierre_
9. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Liberal Party's_
10. [ Canadian Member of Parliament Bob Rae announces his withdrawal from the leadership campaign of the Liberal Party, leaving the position (and that of the Leader of the Opposition and the leadership of the proposed opposition coalition) open to fellow MP Michael Ignatieff. ](/news/2008/12/9/canadian-member-of-parliament-bob-rae-announces-his-withdrawal-from-the-leadership-campaign-of-the-liberal-party-leaving-the-position-and.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
