### [2003-01-1](/news/2003/01/1/index.md)

#  A Royal Australian Air Force C-130 Hercules overflew the islands of Tikopia and Anuta in the Solomon Islands to inspect damage by Cyclone Zoe. The overflight carried officials of the Australian government agency AusAID. Reports show that there was damage to crops and traditional homes, but there may be no casualties among the islands' 1,600 inhabitants.




### Related:

1. [ Journalist Geoff Mackley reports after a helicopter mission that the Cyclone Zoe led to no casualties on the island of Tikopia, even though devastation was enormous. The 1,000 inhabitants of the island survived in caves. Reports that they had already resumed their daily occupations like fishing are misleading: they were "fishing" for their possessions that were blown out to sea. The situation on the island of Anuta with 600 inhabitants is not known yet.](/news/2003/01/3/journalist-geoff-mackley-reports-after-a-helicopter-mission-that-the-cyclone-zoe-led-to-no-casualties-on-the-island-of-tikopia-even-though.md) _Context: Anuta, Tikopia_
2. [Along with the Solomon Islands, the State of Palestine joins Interpol despite objections from Israel. ](/news/2017/09/27/along-with-the-solomon-islands-the-state-of-palestine-joins-interpol-despite-objections-from-israel.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
3. [A farewell ceremony in Honiara ends the 14 year RAMSI mission in the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-farewell-ceremony-in-honiara-ends-the-14-year-ramsi-mission-in-the-solomon-islands.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
4. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Royal Australian Air Force_
5. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island. No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
6. [A 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes off the coast of Makira in the Solomon Islands, causing infrastructure damage, yet no casualties have been reported in the hours following the quake. ](/news/2016/12/9/a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-makira-in-the-solomon-islands-causing-infrastructure-damage-yet-no-casualties-have-bee.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
7. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east-o.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
8. [The United States Geological Survey also reports that a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck off the coast of Malaita island, Solomon Islands. However, no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-also-reports-that-a-magnitude-6-2-earthquake-struck-off-the-coast-of-malaita-island-solomon-islands-ho.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
9. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-hits-off-the-coast-of-the-vanuatu-island-of-malakula-prompting-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-ptwc-to-issu.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
10. [Researchers discover a biofluorescent hawksbill sea turtle, glowing bright red and green, near the Solomon Islands in the South Pacific Ocean. This is the first time scientists have found biofluorescence in a reptile in the wild. The hawksbill sea turtle is an endangered species. ](/news/2015/09/29/researchers-discover-a-biofluorescent-hawksbill-sea-turtle-glowing-bright-red-and-green-near-the-solomon-islands-in-the-south-pacific-ocea.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
