### [2003-01-1](/news/2003/01/1/index.md)

#  The Turkish-registered tanker "Vicky", with 70,000 tonnes of diesel cargo, struck the wreck of the sunken auto carrier "Tricolor" off the coast of Dunkirk, France. The double-hulled tanker freed itself from the wreck with the rising tide and sailed a mile off to check for leakage. The "Vicky" is the second ship to strike the wreck of the "Tricolor" since the carrier sank on December 14, 2002.




### Related:

1. [A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel-held-idlib-governo.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
2. [More than 60 people are hospitalized after an engine explodes on a crowded Bangkok, Thailand, commuter boat. Police suspect a liquefied natural gas leak caused the blast. The boat operator has been ordered to use diesel fuel only on its 25-boat fleet. ](/news/2016/03/5/more-than-60-people-are-hospitalized-after-an-engine-explodes-on-a-crowded-bangkok-thailand-commuter-boat-police-suspect-a-liquefied-natu.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
3. [Thieves tapping a Pemex oil pipeline cause a diesel fuel spill south of Tijuana in Mexico. ](/news/2011/02/9/thieves-tapping-a-pemex-oil-pipeline-cause-a-diesel-fuel-spill-south-of-tijuana-in-mexico.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
4. [Bus drivers announce a strike action in response to the 83 per cent increase in the price of gasoline and the 73 per cent increase in the price of diesel fuel announced by Bolivian Vice-President lvaro Garca Linera on Sunday. ](/news/2010/12/27/bus-drivers-announce-a-strike-action-in-response-to-the-83-per-cent-increase-in-the-price-of-gasoline-and-the-73-per-cent-increase-in-the-pr.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
5. [A government conservation campaign, and possible hoarding by state oil companies, causes a severe shortage on diesel fuel in the People's Republic of China, disrupting industry and commerce. ](/news/2010/11/8/a-government-conservation-campaign-and-possible-hoarding-by-state-oil-companies-causes-a-severe-shortage-on-diesel-fuel-in-the-people-s-re.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
6. [An oil spill stretching at least two miles long occurs in the Arabian Sea offshore Mumbai, India, after a vessel from Panama collides with another vessel from St. Kitts. The Panamanian ship was carrying 2,662 tons of oil, 283 tons of diesel and 88,040 liters of lube oil when it became grounded and started to leak. ](/news/2010/08/7/an-oil-spill-stretching-at-least-two-miles-long-occurs-in-the-arabian-sea-offshore-mumbai-india-after-a-vessel-from-panama-collides-with-a.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
7. [The world's first solar-diesel power station opens in Marble Bar, Western Australia. ](/news/2010/08/20/the-world-s-first-solar-diesel-power-station-opens-in-marble-bar-western-australia.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
8. [Hundreds of people attempt to control a large diesel leak into a major tributary of the Yellow River, the Wei River, in Shaanxi, China. ](/news/2010/01/3/hundreds-of-people-attempt-to-control-a-large-diesel-leak-into-a-major-tributary-of-the-yellow-river-the-wei-river-in-shaanxi-china.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
9. [ Tens of thousands of Spanish truck drivers start an indefinite strike over the increases in the price of diesel. ](/news/2008/06/9/tens-of-thousands-of-spanish-truck-drivers-start-an-indefinite-strike-over-the-increases-in-the-price-of-diesel.md) _Context: diesel fuel_
10. [ The United States reaches a deal with North Korea to resume food aid with 500,000 tonnes of food to be sent to North Korea during the next year. ](/news/2008/05/16/the-united-states-reaches-a-deal-with-north-korea-to-resume-food-aid-with-500-000-tonnes-of-food-to-be-sent-to-north-korea-during-the-next.md) _Context: tonne_
