### [2003-01-1](/news/2003/01/1/index.md)

#  thumb Inacio Lula da Silva]]Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva ("Lula") becomes the 37th president of the Federative Republic of Brazil for the period (2003-2007). Da Silva was elected representing the Worker's Party with 61% percent of the vote. His inaugural speech includes vows to wipe out poverty, hunger, and corruption, but da Silva promised during the campaign to abide by an agreement with the International Monetary Fund to maintain a budget surplus of 3.75% and filled key economic posts with men considered friendly to foreign investment. Among guests at the inauguration were Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, Cuban President Fidel Castro, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick.




### Related:

1. [New pictures and video footage of a fit Hugo Chavez chatting to Fidel Castro are shown on Cuban state television after concerns were expressed for the President of Venezuela's health following recent surgery. ](/news/2011/06/29/new-pictures-and-video-footage-of-a-fit-hugo-cha-vez-chatting-to-fidel-castro-are-shown-on-cuban-state-television-after-concerns-were-expres.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Hugo Chavez_
2. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez claims that former Cuban President Fidel Castro recently appeared publicly in Havana for the first time since 2006. ](/news/2009/02/27/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-claims-that-former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-recently-appeared-publicly-in-havana-for-the-first-time-s.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Hugo Chavez_
3. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez_
4. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez_
5. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez_
6. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners-on.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [The remains of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro are interred beside independence leader Jose Marti. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-remains-of-former-cuban-leader-fidel-castro-are-interred-beside-independence-leader-josa-c-marta.md) _Context: Fidel Castro_
9. [Cuba's National Assembly of People's Power approves a law banning commemorative statues of late President Fidel Castro, and the naming of public places after him, in accordance with the wishes of Castro, who died last month. ](/news/2016/12/27/cuba-s-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-approves-a-law-banning-commemorative-statues-of-late-president-fidel-castro-and-the-naming-of-pu.md) _Context: Fidel Castro_
10. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
