### [2003-06-12](/news/2003/06/12/index.md)

#  British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffles his Cabinet: the Lord Chancellor is to be replaced by a new Department for Constitutional Affairs, and Peter Hain and John Reid have new jobs, while Alan Milburn unexpectedly resigns. The government also plans to replace the House of Lords' judicial functions with a new Supreme Court.




### Related:

1. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
2. [ Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse: Some members of the British government begin to distance themselves from the Bush administration and Prime Minister Tony Blair. Peter Hain, Leader of the House of Commons, tells Parliament that the pictures are "appalling and possibly in breach of the Geneva Convention". ](/news/2004/05/13/abu-ghraib-prisoner-abuse-some-members-of-the-british-government-begin-to-distance-themselves-from-the-bush-administration-and-prime-minis.md) _Context: Peter Hain, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
3. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
4. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
6. [Alleged personal details of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair are published online by computer hackers. ](/news/2011/06/25/alleged-personal-details-of-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-are-published-online-by-computer-hackers.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
7. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
8. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a London book signing for his memoir, "A Journey," because of protests by the British National Party and anti-Iraq War demonstrators. ](/news/2010/09/6/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-cancels-a-london-book-signing-for-his-memoir-a-journey-because-of-protests-by-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
9. [Peter Hain reveals Nelson Mandela was "breathing fire" down a phone about Tony Blair's role in invading Iraq. ](/news/2010/09/13/peter-hain-reveals-nelson-mandela-was-breathing-fire-down-a-phone-about-tony-blair-s-role-in-invading-iraq.md) _Context: Peter Hain, Tony Blair_
10. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography "A Journey" goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
