### [2015-05-19](/news/2015/05/19/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Russian embassy in Damascus is shelled. 

The Russian embassy in the Syrian capital of Damascus was shelled on Tuesday, with Moscow stating that it considers the attack on its diplomatic mission an act of terror.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/260189-russia-embassy-syria-shelling/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War: Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-o.md) _Context: Damascus, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Damascus's governor says the last group of rebels and civilians have left the city's besieged Barzeh district. ](/news/2017/05/29/syrian-civil-war-damascus-s-governor-says-the-last-group-of-rebels-and-civilians-have-left-the-city-s-besieged-barzeh-district.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
