### [2008-07-31](/news/2008/07/31/index.md)

#  The Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick signs legislation allowing gay and lesbian couples from other states to get married in Massachusetts. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/local/breaking_news/2008/07/gov_to_sign_bil.html?p1=Well_MostPop_Emailed7)

### Related:

1. [ Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts chooses former Democratic National Committee chairman Paul G. Kirk, Jr. to replace former Senator Teddy Kennedy on a temporary basis, until elections can be held to choose a permanent replacement to fill the remainder of Kennedy's term. ](/news/2009/09/24/governor-deval-patrick-of-massachusetts-chooses-former-democratic-national-committee-chairman-paul-g-kirk-jr-to-replace-former-senator-t.md) _Context: Deval Patrick, Massachusetts, Massachusetts governor_
2. [ A three ton concrete ceiling tile falls on a car in a tunnel in Boston, United States, killing one female passenger and closing the tunnel. The Governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney, announces that the Massachusetts Government will be taking legal action to remove the Chairman of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority, Matt Amorello. ](/news/2006/07/11/a-three-ton-concrete-ceiling-tile-falls-on-a-car-in-a-tunnel-in-boston-united-states-killing-one-female-passenger-and-closing-the-tunnel.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Massachusetts governor_
3. [ The Massachusetts General Court rejects a proposed amendment to ban Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts by a vote of 157-39, meaning that Massachusetts will remain the only state in the United States to allow gay marriage.](/news/2005/09/14/the-massachusetts-general-court-rejects-a-proposed-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-in-massachusetts-by-a-vote-of-157-39-meaning-that-ma.md) _Context: Massachusetts, to get married_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Massachusetts: The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, the state supreme court of Massachusetts, issues a response to a Massachusetts Senate question about instituting civil unions, such as the civil unions on Vermont, would meet the requirements of the 4-3 decision in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" issued in November 2003. The Court responds that such civil unions would not be sufficient to comply with "Goodridge", in which the Court held that not allowing same-sex couples to marry violated the Massachusetts Constitution. White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan states that the Bush administration is reviewing the decision, that the Court's ruling is "deeply troubling", and that President Bush is "firmly committed to protecting and defending" marriage.](/news/2004/02/4/same-sex-marriage-in-massachusetts-the-massachusetts-supreme-judicial-court-the-state-supreme-court-of-massachusetts-issues-a-response-t.md) _Context: Massachusetts, to get married_
5. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
6. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
7. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
8. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
10. [Gary Johnson, former Governor of New Mexico, secures the nomination for the Libertarian Party in the U.S. presidential election. Johnson picks former Massachusetts governor, and former Republican, William Weld as his running mate. ](/news/2016/05/29/gary-johnson-former-governor-of-new-mexico-secures-the-nomination-for-the-libertarian-party-in-the-u-s-presidential-election-johnson-pic.md) _Context: Massachusetts governor_
