### [2016-06-22](/news/2016/06/22/index.md)

# According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, airstrikes on ISIL-held Al-Raqqah kill at least 18 civilians. The group was unable to determine who carried out the airstrikes. 

At least 18 civilians have been killed in air strikes in the Syrian city of Raqqa, the headquarters of so-called Islamic State, activists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36595166)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/lebanese-army-slowly-crushing-extremists-near-syria-border/2016/06/22/5a01865e-3845-11e6-af02-1df55f0c77ff_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hig.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Democratic Forces begin a campaign to recapture Al-Raqqah from ISIL. ](/news/2016/11/6/syrian-democratic-forces-begin-a-campaign-to-recapture-al-raqqah-from-isil.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
