
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.json)  [XML](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.xml)  

### [2016-06-22](/news/2016/06/22/index.md)

##### Georgia
# Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. 

&#39;We have been too quiet for too long,&#39; said Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.), the civil rights icon.


### Sources:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/house-democrats-hold-sit-gun-control-n597041)
2. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/democrats-stage-sit-in-on-house-floor-to-force-gun-vote-224656)
2. [Cover Image](http://static.politico.com/7b/bc/affb88194f08aa32403946d89a8b/160622-john-lewis-ap-1160.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [2016 House Democrats sit-in: Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/2016-house-democrats-sit-in-georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:19 (First version)_
1. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democrat, House of Representatives, United States Senate_
2. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrat, Georgia, House of Representatives_
3. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Georgia, House of Representatives, United States Senate_
4. [ Election Day: In the 2002 midterm elections, Republicans receive a net gain of two seats of the closely divided U.S. Senate, retaking control of the body. The Republicans also retain control of the U.S. House of Representatives, with a net gain of eight House seats. Democrats make some gains in the state governors' races, with a net gain of three governorships.](/news/2002/11/5/election-day-in-the-2002-midterm-elections-republicans-receive-a-net-gain-of-two-seats-of-the-closely-divided-u-s-senate-retaking-contr.md) _Context: Democrat, House of Representatives, United States Senate_
5. [Two new Democratic senators&mdash;Doug Jones of Alabama and Tina Smith of Minnesota&mdash;are sworn in, bringing the Republican majority down to 51&ndash;49. ](/news/2018/01/3/two-new-democratic-senators-mdash-doug-jones-of-alabama-and-tina-smith-of-minnesota-mdash-are-sworn-in-bringing-the-republican-majority-dow.md) _Context: Democrat, United States Senate_
