### [2016-06-22](/news/2016/06/22/index.md)

# The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds   as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. 

FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — The European Central Bank has restored a key waiver that will let Greek banks tap cheap emergency central bank credit, one step toward putting the country&#039;s financial institutions fully back on…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1ddb37c548c84e0391df8cec02b49e0a/ecb-restores-bond-waiver-lets-greek-banks-tap-credit)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-greece-ecb-idUSKCN0Z80YF)

### Related:

1. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek_
2. [The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run-on-the-nation-s-banks-to-becom.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek_
3. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek_
4. [Amid major riots and a general strike, the Hellenic Parliament approves a highly controversial package of austerity measures aimed at resolving Greece's ongoing debt crisis. The austerity measures include higher taxes and cuts to public sector wages. ](/news/2011/10/20/amid-major-riots-and-a-general-strike-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-a-highly-controversial-package-of-austerity-measures-aimed-at-resolv.md) _Context: Greek, Greek debt crisis_
5. [A man is killed and at least 74 people are injured in major riots in the Greek capital Athens on the second day of a nationwide general strike, as Greeks protest in their thousands against new austerity measures intended to alleviate the country's ongoing debt crisis. ](/news/2011/10/20/a-man-is-killed-and-at-least-74-people-are-injured-in-major-riots-in-the-greek-capital-athens-on-the-second-day-of-a-nationwide-general-stri.md) _Context: Greek, Greek debt crisis_
6. [A TrainOSE passenger train derails near the Greek village of Adendro, leaving at least four people dead and five seriously injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-trainose-passenger-train-derails-near-the-greek-village-of-adendro-leaving-at-least-four-people-dead-and-five-seriously-injured.md) _Context: Greek_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek_
8. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greek_
9. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greek_
10. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greek_
