### [2016-06-22](/news/2016/06/22/index.md)

# United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. 

There will be no further renegotiation of Britain’s relationship with the EU if we vote to Leave, European Commission president Jean Claude Juncker has said, stating clearly: “Out is out”. In a last minute intervention that was seized on by both sides in the referendum debate, Mr Juncker said the Prime Minister had already “got the maximum he could receive” from his re- negotiation in February. 


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-reform-uk-brexit-vote-live-remain-jean-claude-juncker-european-union-a7095601.html)

### Related:

1. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
2. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [The European Commission, based on the  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigati.md) _Context: European Commission_
4. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [The London FTSE index recovers from its losses after the result of the European Union membership referendum, closing at its highest level since April. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-london-ftse-index-recovers-from-its-losses-after-the-result-of-the-european-union-membership-referendum-closing-at-its-highest-level-si.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
8. [The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exchanges-as-prominent-pro-brexit-figure-nigel-farage-i.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
9. [A petition calling for a second EU referendum has topped two million signatures - more than doubling the highest signed in UK parliamentary history. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-petition-calling-for-a-second-eu-referendum-has-topped-two-million-signatures-a-more-than-doubling-the-highest-signed-in-uk-parliamentar.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
10. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
