### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. 

Friday&#39;s public announcement is unusual for South Korea, which typically keeps a low-profile about defections.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/04/08/13-north-korean-restaurant-workers-defect-en-masse-south-korea/82783440/)

### Related:

1. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, Seoul, South Korea, defectors_
2. [South Korea announces that a colonel from North Korea's military spy agency defected to the south last year. Senior-level defections are rare, most being low level operatives. ](/news/2016/04/11/south-korea-announces-that-a-colonel-from-north-korea-s-military-spy-agency-defected-to-the-south-last-year-senior-level-defections-are-rar.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, defectors_
3. [South Korea's Ministry of Unification allows humanitarian aid shipments to North Korea despite recent military tensions. ](/news/2013/03/22/south-koreaa-s-ministry-of-unification-allows-humanitarian-aid-shipments-to-north-korea-despite-recent-military-tensions.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
4. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
5. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defectors_
6. [South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
7. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, Seoul_
8. [South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear-attacks.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
9. [North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to  South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defectors_
10. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
