### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. 

HONOLULU (AP) — Mayors from around the country are forming a group called &quot;Mayors Against Discrimination&quot; in the wake of recent North Carolina and Mississippi laws they say are discriminatory. The coalition that includes…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f928e55e557d4d24bf128ae42b325a1d/mayors-form-anti-discrimination-group-response-laws)
2. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mayors-against-lgbt-discrimination_us_5707d576e4b0447a7dbc23f0)
3. [Mayor Edward Murray](http://murray.seattle.gov/u-s-mayors-unite-against-discrimination/#sthash.jadEpvWu.VoEoGVcj.dpbs)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Mississippi, North Carolina, United States_
2. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia, United States_
3. [Workers in Hilton Hotels in the US cities of Chicago, San Francisco, and Honolulu continue a strike over what they claim are efforts to "lock workers into cheap recession contracts." ](/news/2010/10/17/workers-in-hilton-hotels-in-the-us-cities-of-chicago-san-francisco-and-honolulu-continue-a-strike-over-what-they-claim-are-efforts-to-loc.md) _Context: Honolulu, San Francisco, United States_
4. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, United States, Washington, D.C._
5. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, United States, Washington, D.C._
6. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: San Francisco, United States_
7. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: San Francisco, United States_
8. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
10. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hono.md) _Context: Honolulu, United States_
