### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks: Six people are arrested in Belgium including:: Mohamed Abrini, wanted in connection with the 2015 Paris attacks, is arrested in Belgium. 

Belgian prosecutors say a suspect has admitted being the &quot;man in the hat&quot; seen with the suicide bombers who attacked a Brussels airport.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36005709)
2. [Reuters via Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4789022,00.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Brussels bombings: Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2016/04/9/2016-brussels-bombings-mohamed-abrini-has-reportedly-admitted-to-being-the-man-in-the-hat-sought-after-the-brussels-bombings-he-is-also.md) _Context: Mohamed Abrini, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [November 2015 Paris attacks: Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. ](/news/2016/04/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-salah-abdeslam-a-key-suspect-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-to-french-autho.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [ 2016 Brussels bombings: Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/2016-brussels-bombings-belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-bruss.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [2016 Brussels police raids: Belgian security forces hunt gunmen linked to the November 2015 Paris attacks following a raid on a house in Brussels which left four officers wounded and one suspect dead after an exchange of gunfire. Roads have been blocked off in the Belgian capital's southern suburb of Forest as one or more gunmen remain at large. ](/news/2016/03/15/2016-brussels-police-raids-belgian-security-forces-hunt-gunmen-linked-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-following-a-raid-on-a-house-in-bru.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [2015 Roubaix shootings: At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/2015-roubaix-shootings-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
6. [November 2015 Paris attacks: Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/november-2015-paris-attacks-authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvem.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
7. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium_
8. [Human trafficking in Belgium: A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/human-trafficking-in-belgium-a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sen.md) _Context: Belgium_
9. [International Workers' Day: Workers' Party of Belgium representative Raoul Hedebouw gets stabbed in the thigh, moments before holding a speech in Liege, Belgium. The presumed assailant is arrested. ](/news/2017/05/1/international-workers-day-workers-party-of-belgium-representative-raoul-hedebouw-gets-stabbed-in-the-thigh-moments-before-holding-a-spee.md) _Context: Belgium_
10. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspends its military cooperation with Belgium. ](/news/2017/04/13/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-suspends-its-military-cooperation-with-belgium.md) _Context: Belgium_
