### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-starwood-hotels-m-a-marriott-intnl-idUSKCN0X51WL)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/2016/04/08/Shareholders-approve-Marriotts-increased-136B-offer-to-purchase-Starwood-Hotels/3011460136847/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [A consortium led  by China's Anbang Insurance Group announces it will walk away from its $14 billion takeover bid for Starwood Hotels. This restores Marriott International as the highest bidder ($13.6 billion). ](/news/2016/03/31/a-consortium-led-by-china-s-anbang-insurance-group-announces-it-will-walk-away-from-its-14-billion-takeover-bid-for-starwood-hotels-this.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, China, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
2. [In response to the $13.6 billion cash-and-stock offer by the Marriott International to purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Anbang Insurance Group raises its bidding offer to $14 billion.  ](/news/2016/03/28/in-response-to-the-13-6-billion-cash-and-stock-offer-by-the-marriott-international-to-purchase-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-anban.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
3. [The European Union sides with the United States over Tuesday's U.S.-Chinese patrolling incident in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-european-union-sides-with-the-united-states-over-tuesday-s-u-s-chinese-patrolling-incident-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
5. [The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. ](/news/2012/03/13/the-united-states-japan-and-the-european-union-file-a-case-against-china-at-the-wto-regarding-export-restrictions-on-rare-earth-metals.md) _Context: China, European Union, United States_
6. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year.  The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canada, China, United States_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: China, United States_
8. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: China, United States_
9. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
