### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-starwood-hotels-m-a-marriott-intnl-idUSKCN0X51WL)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/2016/04/08/Shareholders-approve-Marriotts-increased-136B-offer-to-purchase-Starwood-Hotels/3011460136847/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [A consortium led by China's Anbang Insurance Group announces it will walk away from its $14 billion takeover bid for Starwood Hotels. This restores Marriott International as the highest bidder ($13.6 billion). ](/news/2016/03/31/a-consortium-led-by-china-s-anbang-insurance-group-announces-it-will-walk-away-from-its-14-billion-takeover-bid-for-starwood-hotels-this-r.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, China, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
2. [In response to the $13.6 billion cash-and-stock offer by the Marriott International to purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Anbang Insurance Group raises its bidding offer to $14 billion. ](/news/2016/03/28/in-response-to-the-13-6-billion-cash-and-stock-offer-by-the-marriott-international-to-purchase-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-anban.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
3. [The European Union sides with the United States over Tuesday's U.S.-Chinese patrolling incident in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-european-union-sides-with-the-united-states-over-tuesday-s-u-s-chinese-patrolling-incident-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, EU, U.S._
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, EU, U.S._
5. [The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. ](/news/2012/03/13/the-united-states-japan-and-the-european-union-file-a-case-against-china-at-the-wto-regarding-export-restrictions-on-rare-earth-metals.md) _Context: China, EU, U.S._
6. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year. The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canada, China, U.S._
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Marriott International, U.S._
8. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: China, U.S._
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: China, U.S._
