### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Italy recalls its ambassador to Egypt for consultations in protest over the lack of progress in a probe into the fate of murdered Cambridge University  student Giulio Regeni. "We want only one thing, the truth about what happened to Giulio," Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Friday. 

Italy on Friday recalled its ambassador to Egypt for consultations in protest over the lack of progress in a probe into the fate of murdered Cambridge student Giulio Regeni. The move came after two days of talks between Egyptian and Italian investigators in Rome ended without a resolution of tensions


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/italy-recalls-ambassador-egypt-protest-over-slain-student-163440360.html)

### Related:

1. [Paolo Gentiloni becomes the new Prime Minister of Italy. ](/news/2016/12/11/paolo-gentiloni-becomes-the-new-prime-minister-of-italy.md) _Context: Italian, Paolo Gentiloni_
2. [More than 400 migrants, mostly from Somalia, drown in the Mediterranean Sea while traveling from Egypt to Italy. ](/news/2016/04/18/more-than-400-migrants-mostly-from-somalia-drown-in-the-mediterranean-sea-while-traveling-from-egypt-to-italy.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
3. [A car bomb explodes outside the Italian consulate in the Egyptian capital Cairo, resulting in at least one death and four people injured; ISIS claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/11/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-italian-consulate-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-resulting-in-at-least-one-death-and-four-people-injured-is.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
4. [Egyptian prosecutors begin investigating yesterday's incident where an Italian cruise liner smashed into a dock at Sharm el-Sheikh during severe weather conditions, killing sailors from Brazil, Honduras and India and injuring several passengers. ](/news/2010/02/27/egyptian-prosecutors-begin-investigating-yesterday-s-incident-where-an-italian-cruise-liner-smashed-into-a-dock-at-sharm-el-sheikh-during-se.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
5. [ An Italian judge ordering the arrest of 13 people linked to the CIA on charges of kidnapping terrorism suspect Abu Omar allegedly in order to have him tortured in Egypt dramatizes a growing rift between the U.S. and its allies in the War on Terrorism. ](/news/2005/06/24/an-italian-judge-ordering-the-arrest-of-13-people-linked-to-the-cia-on-charges-of-kidnapping-terrorism-suspect-abu-omar-allegedly-in-order.md) _Context: Egypt, Italian_
6. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-completely-destroyed-b.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [Italian rock singer Vasco Rossi broke the world record of biggest ticketed concert with 220,000 paying guests hosted at Enzo Ferrari Park in Modena, Italy. (Previous record belonged to a-Ha with 198,000 paying guests, set in 1991 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) ](/news/2017/07/1/italian-rock-singer-vasco-rossi-broke-the-world-record-of-biggest-ticketed-concert-with-220-000-paying-guests-hosted-at-enzo-ferrari-park-in.md) _Context: Italian_
