### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says they will not open up a formal investigation into the doping scandals that were reported by the World Anti-Doping Agency last November, where it documented Russian athletes systematically taking banned performance-enhancing drugs with state support. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-not-investigate-wada-doping-report/27662277.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: Russia, Sports Minister, Vitaly Mutko, World Anti-Doping Agency_
2. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
3. [Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. ](/news/2016/03/7/russian-tennis-star-maria-sharapova-tests-positive-for-meldonium-at-the-2016-australian-open-tennis-championship-she-has-taken-the-drug-sin.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
4. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
5. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
6. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
