### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. 

SpaceX has finally landed its Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship at sea, after launching the vehicle into space this afternoon. It&#39;s the first time the company has been able to pull off an ocean...


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-space-spacex-idUSKCN0X5228)
2. [The Verge](http://www.theverge.com/2016/4/8/11392138/spacex-landing-success-falcon-9-rocket-barge-at-sea)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: CRS-8, International Space Station, SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
2. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: NASA, SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
3. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
4. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
5. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
6. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: SpaceX, autonomous drone ship_
9. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
10. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
