### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Damascus offensive (April 2016). ISIL militants reportedly execute 175 workers who were captured earlier this week at a cement factory situated to the east of Damascus. 

Islamic State militants have killed 175 workers who were captured at a cement factory situated to the east of Damascus, Sputnik Arabic reported, citing its sources.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3529698/ISIS-massacred-175-300-cement-workers-kidnapped-outside-Syrian-capital-Damascus-government-claims.html)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/338886-isis-massacre-cement-plant/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Damascus, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot-s name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/syrian-civil-war-isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-age.md) _Context: Damascus, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim.md) _Context: Damascus, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
