### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. 

Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition air strikes reached the center of the western town of Hit, dislodging Islamic State militants and evacuating thousands of civilians, state television said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-hit-idUSKCN0X516M)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-operated-jail-in-the-city-of-ha-t-malallah-al-obeidi-a-loc.md) _Context: Anbar province, Hīt, Hīt offensive (2016), Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-following-the-collapse-of-isil-defenses.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-while-fighting-iraqi-army-forces-with.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in  western Iraq's Anbar Province  from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province-from-the-islamic-state-along-wi.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-base-camp-speicher-now-known-as-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [A suicide bomber attacks an Iraqi Army post in Al Anbar Governorate on the border with Saudi Arabia, killing at least six guards. ](/news/2015/12/12/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-an-iraqi-army-post-in-al-anbar-governorate-on-the-border-with-saudi-arabia-killing-at-least-six-guards.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present)_
7. [Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.  The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials.  ](/news/2015/10/11/iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-the-group-was.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Army Brigadier-General Hassan Abbas Toufan and three other officers are killed in a targeted car bombing in Anbar province. ](/news/2015/04/24/iraqi-army-brigadier-general-hassan-abbas-toufan-and-three-other-officers-are-killed-in-a-targeted-car-bombing-in-anbar-province.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Anbar province, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
