### [2016-04-8](/news/2016/04/8/index.md)

# U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner condemns Wednesday's "barbaric murder" of Nazimuddin Samad,  and says federal officials are considering granting refuge to a select number of Bangladeshi writers who are under "imminent danger" because of their critical views of radical Islamists. 

The U.S. State Department said federal officials are considering granting refuge to Bangladeshi writers who are under &quot;imminent danger&quot; for speaking out.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/04/08/US-considers-refuge-for-Bangladeshi-bloggers-in-imminent-danger/9181460123634/?spt=hts&or=7)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
2. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in ''State of Washington v. Trump''. The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-pthe-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executiv.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
3. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
4. [The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-with-the-united-states-are-frozen-the-u-s-state-department-says-the-dialogue-with-russ.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
5. [United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-due-to-concerns-of-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
6. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
7. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
8. [The U.S. State Department orders  family members of employees at the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul to leave as extremist groups threaten to kill or kidnap U.S. citizens and Westerners. ](/news/2016/10/29/the-u-s-state-department-orders-family-members-of-employees-at-the-u-s-consulate-general-in-istanbul-to-leave-as-extremist-groups-threate.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
9. [The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-formally-requested-the-extradition-of-pennsylvania-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len-and-i.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
10. [The United States Department of State reopens an investigation into the possible mishandling of classified information by former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-department-of-state-reopens-an-investigation-into-the-possible-mishandling-of-classified-information-by-former-secretary-o.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
