### [2008-05-19](/news/2008/05/19/index.md)

#  Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/7407589.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority in the United Kingdom allows the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos for research purposes in principle. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-human-fertilisation-and-embryology-authority-in-the-united-kingdom-allows-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-for-research-purp.md) _Context: United Kingdom, animal, embryo, human, hybrid_
2. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: embryo, human_
3. [ United Kingdom Commons speaker John Bercow breaks with tradition by abandoning the traditional court dress worn by his predecessor Michael Martin. ](/news/2009/06/23/united-kingdom-commons-speaker-john-bercow-breaks-with-tradition-by-abandoning-the-traditional-court-dress-worn-by-his-predecessor-michael.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
4. [ A cross human-cow embryo survives a third straight day after being fertilized at Newcastle University, England. A director for embryonic stem cell laboratories at the Australian Stem Cell Centre said that the "99 per cent human" embryo could improve research within the field of human diseases. The Catholic Church in England however said that the creation was "monstrous" and says that the later destruction of it is unethical. ](/news/2008/04/2/a-cross-human-cow-embryo-survives-a-third-straight-day-after-being-fertilized-at-newcastle-university-england-a-director-for-embryonic-st.md) _Context: embryo, human_
5. [ The British MP George Galloway is thrown out of the House of Commons chamber and then suspended for 18 days after an inquiry into his Mariam Appeal campaign. ](/news/2007/07/23/the-british-mp-george-galloway-is-thrown-out-of-the-house-of-commons-chamber-and-then-suspended-for-18-days-after-an-inquiry-into-his-maria.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
6. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
7. [ Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons  over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. ](/news/2007/03/12/nigel-griffiths-resigns-as-the-deputy-leader-of-the-british-house-of-commons-over-the-proposed-expansion-of-the-trident-missile-system.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
8. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
9. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
10. [ British scientists at University of Newcastle announce that they have cloned human embryos for stem cells. Also, a team of South Korean scientists at Seoul National University state they have cloned the first embryonic cells customized to individual patients. ](/news/2005/05/19/british-scientists-at-university-of-newcastle-announce-that-they-have-cloned-human-embryos-for-stem-cells-also-a-team-of-south-korean-sci.md) _Context: United Kingdom, embryo_
