
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.json)  [XML](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.xml)  

### [2004-02-19](/news/2004/02/19/index.md)

##### European Commission
#  European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's 




### Sources:

1. [European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia](http://eumc.eu.int/eumc/index.php)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/396146.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Union is investigating a series of parcel bombs targeting the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and Europol headquarters at The Hague. Investigators state that it is too early to draw any connections between these bombs and the letter bomb sent two days ago to the Bologna home of Romano Prodi, the head of the European Commission. [http:--www.iht.com-articles-123228.html]](/news/2003/12/30/the-european-union-is-investigating-a-series-of-parcel-bombs-targeting-the-european-central-bank-in-frankfurt-and-europol-headquarters-at-th.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union, Romano Prodi_
2. [ The European Commission comes out with another Eurobarometer, a survey of EU citizens. According to the survey, most Europeans think that the war in Iraq is not justified, that UN should supervise Iraq and provide security, and that U.S. should pay for the rebuilding of Iraq. As to which countries pose a threat to world peace, 59% think it is Israel, and 53% that it is the United States.](/news/2003/11/3/the-european-commission-comes-out-with-another-eurobarometer-a-survey-of-eu-citizens-according-to-the-survey-most-europeans-think-that-t.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union, Israel_
3. [ The October Taylor Nelson Sofres - EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.](/news/2003/11/1/the-october-taylor-nelson-sofres-eos-gallup-eu-poll-reportedly-shows-that-59-of-europeans-think-that-israel-is-a-threat-to-world-peace.md) _Context: European Union, Israel, anti-Semitism_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Arab, European Union, Israel_
5. [The European Commission invokes Article 7 of the European Treaty against E.U. member Poland, denouncing recent judiciary reforms putting it under the political control of the ruling majority and citing "serious risk to the independence of the judiciary and the separation of powers". ](/news/2017/12/20/the-european-commission-invokes-article-7-of-the-european-treaty-against-e-u-member-poland-denouncing-recent-judiciary-reforms-putting-it.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
