
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.json)  [XML](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.xml)  

### [2004-02-19](/news/2004/02/19/index.md)

##### Denmark
#  One Dane and five of the nine Britons held without trial as terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay are to be released, probably within the next two weeks, according to British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw. The soon-to-be-released captives have been amongst the 660 detainees at the US base in Cuba, held for the past two years as suspected Al-Qaida or Taliban 'combatants'. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3504221.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3505365.stm)

### Related:

1. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw_
2. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw_
3. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates meets with the Defense Ministers of the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Denmark as well as officials from Estonia and Romania to discuss progress in Afghanistan in expectation of a Taliban offensive. Two Canadian soldiers are killed when a roadside bomb explodes. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-m-gates-meets-with-the-defense-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-australia-canada-the-nethe.md) _Context: Denmark, Taliban_
4. [ The US government has rebuffed UK calls to close its controversial detention centre at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-us-government-has-rebuffed-uk-calls-to-close-its-controversial-detention-centre-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantnamo Bay_
5. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw_
