### [2004-02-19](/news/2004/02/19/index.md)

#  ROC presidential election, 2004: Lagging behind his rival Lien Chan in opinion polls, President Chen Shui-bian promises not to declare Taiwan independence if he is re-elected. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3501887.stm)

### Related:

1. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
2. [ ROC presidential election: Chen Shui-bian is declared the winner over Lien Chan by fewer than 30,000 votes of nearly 13,000,000 cast (0.25%). Lien calls the result unfair and demands it be voided. A controversial referendum is invalidated by low turnout. ](/news/2004/03/20/roc-presidential-election-chen-shui-bian-is-declared-the-winner-over-lien-chan-by-fewer-than-30-000-votes-of-nearly-13-000-000-cast-0-25.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
3. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Candidates Lien Chan of the Pan-Blue Coalition and President Chen Shui-bian of the Pan-Green Coalition participate in a televised debate.](/news/2004/02/14/roc-presidential-election-2004-candidates-lien-chan-of-the-pan-blue-coalition-and-president-chen-shui-bian-of-the-pan-green-coalition-par.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
4. [ ROC Presidential Election 2004: The Kuomintang drops its opposition to holding a referendum on Taiwan independence, a position that has been advocated by President Chen Shui-bian.](/news/2003/11/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-kuomintang-drops-its-opposition-to-holding-a-referendum-on-taiwan-independence-a-position-that-has-bee.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, independence_
5. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, independence_
6. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, independence_
7. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
8. [ Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian requests that the Chinese government meet directly with his government after China meets with Taiwan's opposition leader, Lien Chan. Taiwan and China are in conflict over Taiwan's increased calls for independence from the mainland. ](/news/2005/05/1/taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-requests-that-the-chinese-government-meet-directly-with-his-government-after-china-meets-with-taiwan-s-o.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
9. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
10. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
