### [2004-02-19](/news/2004/02/19/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom decides to award an honorary knighthood to Nazi-hunter Simon Wiesenthal in recognition of a "lifetime of service to humanity". The knighthood also recognized the work of the Los Angeles-based Simon Wiesenthal Center, which was founded in 1977 to promote remembrance of the Holocaust and the defense of human rights. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/396278.html)

### Related:

1. [ Human rights campaigners in Gujarat, India, have condemned a new school textbook introduced last year by the Bharatiya Janata Party which is seen to praise Adolf Hitler and barely mention the holocaust. ](/news/2005/07/23/human-rights-campaigners-in-gujarat-india-have-condemned-a-new-school-textbook-introduced-last-year-by-the-bharatiya-janata-party-which-i.md) _Context: Holocaust, Human rights_
2. [ Yad Vashem bestow the honour of "Righteous Among the Nations" posthumously upon a Nazi Major, Karl Plagge. Plagge saved around 1,200 Jews, mostly women and children, from execution during the Holocaust by putting them in forced labor positions at a vehicle workshop. ](/news/2005/04/11/yad-vashem-bestow-the-honour-of-righteous-among-the-nations-posthumously-upon-a-nazi-major-karl-plagge-plagge-saved-around-1-200-jews.md) _Context: Holocaust, Nazism_
3. [ Germany announces plans to commemorate gay victims of the Nazi Holocaust, with a monument to be erected in central Berlin. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3314887.stm]](/news/2003/12/12/germany-announces-plans-to-commemorate-gay-victims-of-the-nazi-holocaust-with-a-monument-to-be-erected-in-central-berlin-http-news-bbc.md) _Context: Holocaust, Nazism_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
5. [Human rights activists, lawyers, labor rights groups and other advocates endorse Leni Robredo for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/23/human-rights-activists-lawyers-labor-rights-groups-and-other-advocates-endorse-leni-robredo-for-vice-president.md) _Context: Human rights_
6. [Anders Behring Breivik, a convicted mass murderer in the 2011 Norway attacks, wins a human rights case against the government of Norway. ](/news/2016/04/20/anders-behring-breivik-a-convicted-mass-murderer-in-the-2011-norway-attacks-wins-a-human-rights-case-against-the-government-of-norway.md) _Context: Human rights_
7. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: Holocaust_
8. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism." This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Nazism_
9. [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md) _Context: Human rights_
10. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Human rights_
