### [2011-12-14](/news/2011/12/14/index.md)

# The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/australia-joins-4-nation-stand-on-whaling/story-e6frfku0-1226221918553)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Netherlands, New Zealand, United States_
2. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, New Zealand, hunt_
3. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, United States, hunt_
4. [Whaling in Japan. Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, hunt_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, United States_
6. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, New Zealand_
7. [Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. ](/news/2011/07/12/japanese-officials-announce-their-intention-to-send-the-country-s-whaling-fleet-back-to-antarctica-later-in-the-year-the-sea-shepherd-conse.md) _Context: Antarctica, Japan, hunt_
8. [New Zealand environmental activist Peter Bethune is given a two year suspended sentence in a Tokyo District Court for his role in boarding a Japanese whaling ship. ](/news/2010/07/7/new-zealand-environmental-activist-peter-bethune-is-given-a-two-year-suspended-sentence-in-a-tokyo-district-court-for-his-role-in-boarding-a.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand, hunt_
9. [ H1N1 influenza kills a third United States citizen and spreads to Australia and Japan. ](/news/2009/05/10/h1n1-influenza-kills-a-third-united-states-citizen-and-spreads-to-australia-and-japan.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, United States_
10. [ After deliberating for 22 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopts the non-binding Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; 143 countries vote in favour, while 11 abstain and Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States vote against. ](/news/2007/09/13/after-deliberating-for-22-years-the-united-nations-general-assembly-adopts-the-non-binding-declaration-on-the-rights-of-indigenous-peoples.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, United States_
