### [2008-12-16](/news/2008/12/16/index.md)

#  Twenty-four Russian tourists are killed when their bus plummets into a ravine near Eilat in southern Israel, making this road accident the deadliest in the state's history. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1228728219835&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin lifts the ban on delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran in connection to the nuclear dialogue. Israel and the United States oppose the deal on the grounds that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/13/russian-president-vladimir-putin-lifts-the-ban-on-delivery-of-s-300-missile-air-defense-systems-to-iran-in-connection-to-the-nuclear-dialogu.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
3. [Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/israeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missiles-allegedly-inte.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
4. [Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. ](/news/2013/08/13/sinai-insurgency-israel-intercepts-and-destroys-a-grad-rocket-fired-by-mujahideen-shura-council-al-qaeda-members-from-egyptian-territory-at.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
5. [An Israeli air strike on Gaza City kills Hitham Maskhal, a well known Palestinian militant and injures another in the first such attack since the November ceasefire. Both suspected Palestinian militants were part of the militant group which fired rockets at the southern Israeli city of Eilat two weeks ago. ](/news/2013/04/30/an-israeli-air-strike-on-gaza-city-kills-hitham-maskhal-a-well-known-palestinian-militant-and-injures-another-in-the-first-such-attack-sinc.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
6. [Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/two-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no-damage-three-more-rocket.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
7. [A rocket fired from Egypt's Sinai desert hits the Israeli city of Eilat but causes no injuries or property damage. ](/news/2012/04/5/a-rocket-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-desert-hits-the-israeli-city-of-eilat-but-causes-no-injuries-or-property-damage.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
8. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
9. [21 nations, including the Presidents of Afghanistan, Russia and Syria, attending the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia summit in Istanbul condemn Israel's deadly raid on the Gaza-bound aid flotilla, while Israel, the 22nd participant with a lower-level diplomat, disagrees. ](/news/2010/06/8/21-nations-including-the-presidents-of-afghanistan-russia-and-syria-attending-the-conference-on-interaction-and-confidence-building-measu.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
10. [ A former KGB agent, Russian-Israeli businessman Shabtai von Kalmanovic, is shot dead in Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2009/11/3/a-former-kgb-agent-russian-israeli-businessman-shabtai-von-kalmanovic-is-shot-dead-in-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
