### [2003-09-9](/news/2003/09/9/index.md)

#  Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.




### Related:

1. [The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-delegation-from-saudi-arabia-departed-from-the-meeting-of-the-arab-league-offended-by-remarks-of-the-foreign-minister-of-iraq-ibrahim.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
2. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Iraq bans planned group visits to Saddam Hussein's grave. ](/news/2009/07/7/iraq-bans-planned-group-visits-to-saddam-hussein-s-grave.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ Interpol issues warrants for the arrest of Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter Raghad Hussein and his first wife Sajida Khairalla Tulfa for providing support to Iraqi insurgents. ](/news/2007/08/17/interpol-issues-warrants-for-the-arrest-of-saddam-hussein-s-eldest-daughter-raghad-hussein-and-his-first-wife-sajida-khairalla-tulfa-for-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
