### [2003-09-9](/news/2003/09/9/index.md)

#  The name of Montreal Dorval International Airport is officially changed to Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. The Montreal airport becomes the first major Canadian site to be renamed in honour of Prime Minister Trudeau. The move sparks controversy among many in Quebec owing to Trudeau's political history, such as his decision to invoke the War Measures Act and send troops into Montreal during the October Crisis in 1970, and his construction of Montral-Mirabel International Airport, which they regard as a white elephant. The renaming will take effect on January 1, 2004.




### Related:

1. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
2. [Michael Applebaum, mayor of Montreal, Quebec is arrested on charges of fraud and abuse of public office. ](/news/2013/06/17/michael-applebaum-mayor-of-montreal-quebec-is-arrested-on-charges-of-fraud-and-abuse-of-public-office.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
3. [In Montreal the biggest protest in Quebec's history sets out against the government's tuition hikes and for free access to post-secondary education, with more than 200 000 people marching in the streets ](/news/2012/03/22/in-montreal-the-biggest-protest-in-quebec-s-history-sets-out-against-the-government-s-tuition-hikes-and-for-free-access-to-post-secondary-ed.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
4. [More than 100 students are arrested at a protest in the Canadian city of Montreal, Quebec. ](/news/2012/03/15/more-than-100-students-are-arrested-at-a-protest-in-the-canadian-city-of-montreal-quebec.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
5. [200,000 Canadian college and university students vote in favour of boycotting classes in Quebec. Thousands are expected to participate in a protest march against tuition fee increases in Montreal. ](/news/2011/11/10/200-000-canadian-college-and-university-students-vote-in-favour-of-boycotting-classes-in-quebec-thousands-are-expected-to-participate-in-a.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
6. [ Anti-monarchy protesters and riot police clash in Montreal, Quebec, during a tour by Prince Charles. ](/news/2009/11/11/anti-monarchy-protesters-and-riot-police-clash-in-montreal-quebec-during-a-tour-by-prince-charles.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
7. [ A series of strong thunderstorms track through Southern Quebec, causing heavy damage south of Montreal and leaving over 250,000 people out of electricity. Champlain Bridge is closed for several hours after a wind gust causes over a half-dozen semi-trailer to tip on their side. ](/news/2008/06/10/a-series-of-strong-thunderstorms-track-through-southern-quebec-causing-heavy-damage-south-of-montreal-and-leaving-over-250-000-people-out.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper releases a budget forecasting a surplus of C$3.3 billion, and offers tax cuts for families and seniors and increased spending in Ontario and Quebec with the possibility of an election later this year. ](/news/2007/03/19/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-releases-a-budget-forecasting-a-surplus-of-c-3-3-billion-and-offers-tax-cuts-for-families-and.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Quebec_
9. [ Three lanes of the overpass on Boulevard de la Concorde and a pedestrian sidewalk collapsed onto Autoroute 19 in the Montreal area, Quebec. Two cars were trapped under, 5 were killed and at least 6 are injured, 2 critically. ](/news/2006/09/30/three-lanes-of-the-overpass-on-boulevard-de-la-concorde-and-a-pedestrian-sidewalk-collapsed-onto-autoroute-19-in-the-montreal-area-quebec.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
10. [ A general strike in Quebec interrupts road and port traffic as well as non-essential surgeries and day-care service in Montreal, Quebec City, and Trois-Rivires. The strike was called in opposition to the Charest government's policies. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/11/quebec_031211]](/news/2003/12/11/a-general-strike-in-quebec-interrupts-road-and-port-traffic-as-well-as-non-essential-surgeries-and-day-care-service-in-montreal-quebec-cit.md) _Context: Montreal, Quebec_
