### [2007-10-14](/news/2007/10/14/index.md)

#  Burma restores some Internet access but continues to deny access to foreign news services such as the BBC and CNN, blogs and dissident sites. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5iy-MfhLN9Q7MwtQ1VlrvexLjr2dAD8S95SQG0)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
2. [Operation Pillar of Defense:The pro-Israel non-governmental organization HonestReporting brings attention to footage captured by the BBC and transmitted by CNN that shows a Palestinian man being carried away from a bomb blast only to reappear moments later uninjured. CNN's Anderson Cooper who was reporting on the original story issued a retraction during his television show. ](/news/2012/11/20/operation-pillar-of-defense-pthe-pro-israel-non-governmental-organization-honestreporting-brings-attention-to-footage-captured-by-the-bbc-an.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
3. [ An Internet blog belonging to a group calling itself "al-Qaeda Organisation Indonesia" claims responsibility for the July 17 Jakarta hotel bombings. ](/news/2009/07/29/an-internet-blog-belonging-to-a-group-calling-itself-al-qaeda-organisation-indonesia-claims-responsibility-for-the-july-17-jakarta-hotel.md) _Context: Internet, blog_
4. [ Seven Palestinians are killed by Israeli Air Force missile attacks on the Gaza Strip and West Bank, including at least four Hamas militants. Five other Palestinian civilian bystanders are injured in the attacks. According to CNN all the 7 were militants, whereas the BBC says four were. The attack was carried out amid a barrage of Qassam rockets. ](/news/2005/07/15/seven-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-force-missile-attacks-on-the-gaza-strip-and-west-bank-including-at-least-four-hamas-militants.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
5. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN_
6. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, ''Doctor Who''. ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: CNN_
8. [Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris, resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. ](/news/2017/06/26/three-cnn-journalists-thomas-frank-eric-lichtblau-and-lex-haris-resign-after-the-publication-of-a-russia-related-article-involving-presi.md) _Context: CNN_
9. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN_
10. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: CNN_
