### [2007-10-14](/news/2007/10/14/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. 

Prime Minister John Howard has arrived at Government House in Canberra and he is shortly expected to end the speculation about an election date.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/10/14/2059084.htm)
2. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/10/14/2059061.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: John Howard, Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia, national election_
2. [ Kevin Rudd is sworn in as the 26th Prime Minister of Australia by Governor-General Maj. Gen. Michael Jeffery. ](/news/2007/12/3/kevin-rudd-is-sworn-in-as-the-26th-prime-minister-of-australia-by-governor-general-maj-gen-michael-jeffery.md) _Context: Governor General of Australia, Michael Jeffery, Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-faces-a-possible-leadership-vote-when-the-parliament-of-australia-resumes-sitting-after-backbenc.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-advises-the-parliament-that-two-objects-possibly-related-to-the-search-for-malaysia-airlines-f.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
8. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
9. [The Governor-General of Australia swears in Julia Gillard as Prime Minister of Australia and her Ministry. ](/news/2010/09/14/the-governor-general-of-australia-swears-in-julia-gillard-as-prime-minister-of-australia-and-her-ministry.md) _Context: Governor General of Australia, Prime Minister of Australia_
10. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Governor General of Australia, Prime Minister of Australia_
