### [2006-08-7](/news/2006/08/7/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Reuters has withdrawn 920 photographs by a Lebanese photographer after a review of his work showed that he had changed two images from the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. 

News organization withdraws photograph of Israeli fighter jet, admits image was doctored, fires photographer. Reuters pledges &#39;tighter editing procedure for images of the Middle East conflict&#39;


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5252842.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.myway.com/article/20060807/2006-08-07T162044Z_01_L06301298_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-REUTERS-DC.html)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-08-07T171031Z_01_L07818860_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-LEBANON-DEPLOYMENT.xml)
4. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-08-07T163822Z_01_L07821262_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-ISRAEL-DRONE.xml&src=rss&rpc=22)
5. [YNet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3287774,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
2. [Reuters reports, based on sources "familiar with the matter," that Nissan is talking with Panasonic Corp. about the sale of Nissan's car battery manufacturing operation. ](/news/2016/08/6/reuters-reports-based-on-sources-familiar-with-the-matter-that-nissan-is-talking-with-panasonic-corp-about-the-sale-of-nissan-s-car-bat.md) _Context: Reuters_
3. [Amazon.com Inc is preparing to start a stand-alone streaming music service, in direct competition with Apple Music and Spotify, according to sources who spoke to Reuters. ](/news/2016/06/10/amazon-com-inc-is-preparing-to-start-a-stand-alone-streaming-music-service-in-direct-competition-with-apple-music-and-spotify-according-to.md) _Context: Reuters_
4. [   Reuters reports nearly 150 people are killed and  at least 200 wounded in a series of car bomb and suicide attacks in the Syrian cities of Jableh and Tartus in government-controlled territory that hosts Russian military bases. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/reuters-reports-nearly-150-people-are-killed-and-at-least-200-wounded-in-a-series-of-car-bomb-and-suicide-attacks-in-the-syrian-cities-o.md) _Context: Reuters_
5. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Reuters_
6. [Reuters reports the Friday afternoon truce between Kurdish Asayish forces and pro-Syrian government forces, declared following a three-day outbreak of violence that killed at least 26 people,  is holding. ](/news/2016/04/23/reuters-reports-the-friday-afternoon-truce-between-kurdish-asayish-forces-and-pro-syrian-government-forces-declared-following-a-three-day-o.md) _Context: Reuters_
7. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: Reuters_
8. [Two police officers are killed and four others are wounded in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were run over by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses. ](/news/2016/03/29/two-police-officers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-the-western-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-after-they-were-run-over-by-a-bu.md) _Context: Reuters_
9. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Reuters_
10. [Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab.   Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. ](/news/2016/03/28/pakistan-officials-tell-reuters-its-forces-will-launch-a-paramilitary-crackdown-on-islamist-militants-in-punjab-sunday-s-attack-was-talib.md) _Context: Reuters_
