### [2006-05-1](/news/2006/05/1/index.md)

#  Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association outraged Vatican by planning to ordain another bishop, Liu Xinhong in Anhui Province. On Sunday, China has already ordained Ma Yinglin, not approved by the Holy See, as a bishop in Yunnan. Hong Kong Cardinal Joseph Zen urged the Vatican to stop diplomatic talks with China [http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-5793952,00.html]




### Related:

1. [Politics of Hong Kong. Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
2. [Politics of Hong Kong. Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
3. [Youngspiration. Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/youngspiration-baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
4. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
5. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
6. [Causeway Bay Books disappearances. Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/causeway-bay-books-disappearances-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
7. [Censorship in China. Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/censorship-in-china-jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-wh.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
8. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Cardinal, Holy See_
9. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the "South China Morning Post", in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-rep.md) _Context: China, Hong Kong_
10. [One person is dead and fourteen missing after floods hit Huaping County in China's Yunnan province. ](/news/2015/09/16/one-person-is-dead-and-fourteen-missing-after-floods-hit-huaping-county-in-china-s-yunnan-province.md) _Context: China, Yunnan_
