### [2006-05-1](/news/2006/05/1/index.md)

#  President of Chad Idriss Dby refuses to delay upcoming presidential elections despite pressure from U.S. diplomat Donald Yamamoto, high ranking Chadian Christian officials, and the head of the Chadian human rights league. However, he announced the Chadian government is negotiating with the United Front for Democratic Change rebel group to avoid violence. 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2006-05-01-voa9.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, President of Chad, presidential elections_
2. [ Ahmat Mahamat Bachir, the president of the Chadian Independent National Election Commission, announces that incumbent President of Chad Idriss Dby won the 2006 Chadian presidential election held on May 3 with 77.5% of the vote. The official turnout was 61%, though international observers estimated turnout at 4&ndash;10%. ](/news/2006/05/14/ahmat-mahamat-bachir-the-president-of-the-chadian-independent-national-election-commission-announces-that-incumbent-president-of-chad-idr.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, President of Chad, presidential elections_
3. [Chadian presidential election, 2016. The incumbent President of Chad Idriss Deby is reelected for a fifth term amid allegations of fraud. ](/news/2016/04/21/chadian-presidential-election-2016-the-incumbent-president-of-chad-idriss-deby-is-reelected-for-a-fifth-term-amid-allegations-of-fraud.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, President of Chad_
4. [ Five people are arrested in France and Romania as a result of an investigation into the killing of Brahim Deby, a son of the President of Chad Idriss Deby. ](/news/2008/11/28/five-people-are-arrested-in-france-and-romania-as-a-result-of-an-investigation-into-the-killing-of-brahim-deby-a-son-of-the-president-of-c.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, President of Chad_
5. [ The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-constitutional-council-of-chad-the-highest-court-in-chad-confirms-idriss-deby-s-victory-in-the-presidential-elections-which-took-plac.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, presidential elections_
6. [ Guilliame Mbairessem, the secretary-general of the Episcopal Conference of Bishops of Chad, joins U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Donald Yamamoto in calling for a delay of the upcoming presidential elections in Chad. ](/news/2006/04/28/guilliame-mbairessem-the-secretary-general-of-the-episcopal-conference-of-bishops-of-chad-joins-u-s-assistant-secretary-of-state-for-afr.md) _Context: Donald Yamamoto, presidential elections_
7. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-pr.md) _Context: Chadian rebels, Idriss Deby_
8. [Chadian presidential election, 2016. Voters in Chad go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with incumbent President Idriss Deby favoured to win a fifth term. ](/news/2016/04/10/chadian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-chad-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent.md) _Context: President of Chad_
9. [Former President of Chad Hissene Habre will stand trial in Senegal for alleged war crimes, torture and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2015/02/14/former-president-of-chad-hissa-ne-habra-c-will-stand-trial-in-senegal-for-alleged-war-crimes-torture-and-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: President of Chad_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: President of Chad_
