### [2009-07-2](/news/2009/07/2/index.md)

#  A report by Amnesty International states that Israeli military activities and Palestinian militant rocket attacks during the Gaza War were war crimes. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8128210.stm)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International accuses Israel of willfully committing war crimes against the Palestinians. ](/news/2014/02/27/amnesty-international-accuses-israel-of-willfully-committing-war-crimes-against-the-palestinians.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel, war crimes_
2. [Amnesty International criticises the British government for spending nearly GBP1 billion on 30 Watchkeeper WK450 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) which Israel's military allegedly "field-tested on Palestinians" during the Gaza War. ](/news/2011/01/14/amnesty-international-criticises-the-british-government-for-spending-nearly-agbp1-billion-on-30-watchkeeper-wk450-unmanned-aerial-vehicles.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Amnesty International, Israel_
3. [An Israeli military tribunal convicts two Israeli soldiers for using a Palestinian child as a human shield during an offensive in Gaza in 2009, said to be the first conviction of its kind in Israel's history. ](/news/2010/10/3/an-israeli-military-tribunal-convicts-two-israeli-soldiers-for-using-a-palestinian-child-as-a-human-shield-during-an-offensive-in-gaza-in-20.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Amnesty International, Israel_
5. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing. A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israel-Palestine relations. Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-palestine-relations-israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
