### [2003-11-7](/news/2003/11/7/index.md)

#  Medical marijuana: The largest study to date on the effectiveness of cannabis treating symptoms of multiple sclerosis produces mixed results; doctors state that there is enough evidence to warrant licensing the treatment for the illness.




### Related:

1. [Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marijuana-in-public-place.md) _Context: marijuana_
2. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary-of-health-and-human-servi.md) _Context: physician_
3. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment, cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws. ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute-f.md) _Context: Medical marijuana_
4. [Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring-of-2017.md) _Context: marijuana_
5. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
6. [The Mexican Supreme Court, in a 4-1 decision, rules that people have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. The decision challenges the country's current substance abuse laws. "Fox News Latino" and "The New York Times" point out the ruling only covers the plaintiffs in one case, a group that wants to form a "Pot Club." A precedent will be established if the court approves five similar petitions. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-mexican-supreme-court-in-a-4-1-decision-rules-that-people-have-the-right-to-grow-and-distribute-marijuana-for-their-personal-use-the.md) _Context: marijuana_
7. [Recreational marijuana stores open in Colorado. ](/news/2014/01/1/recreational-marijuana-stores-open-in-colorado.md) _Context: marijuana_
8. [With governor Peter Shumlin signing the law, Vermont becomes the 17th state to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of cannabis. ](/news/2013/06/8/with-governor-peter-shumlin-signing-the-law-vermont-becomes-the-17th-state-to-decriminalize-the-possession-of-small-amounts-of-cannabis.md) _Context: marijuana_
9. [Convicted murderer, abortion physician Kermit Gosnell, in a plea bargain, trades away his appeals in exchange for a life sentence without the possibility of parole. ](/news/2013/05/14/convicted-murderer-abortion-physician-kermit-gosnell-in-a-plea-bargain-trades-away-his-appeals-in-exchange-for-a-life-sentence-without-th.md) _Context: physician_
10. [Kermit Gosnell, a U.S. abortion physician, is found guilty in Pennsylvania of three counts of murder of newborn infants, one count of involuntary manslaughter, and various other charges. ](/news/2013/05/13/kermit-gosnell-a-u-s-abortion-physician-is-found-guilty-in-pennsylvania-of-three-counts-of-murder-of-newborn-infants-one-count-of-involu.md) _Context: physician_
