### [2003-11-7](/news/2003/11/7/index.md)

#  Turkey announces it will not send troops to Iraq. With the Turkish announcement, there are 24,000 non-American troops in Iraq, but almost half of them are British. Jessica Lynch accuses the US military of manipulating news about her capture, treatment and release for propaganda purposes. She also states that she has no memory of the supposed anal rape which a former "New York Times" reporter claims in a book that she was subjected to. United States Army Black Hawk helicopter crashes near Tikrit. Six soldiers are killed. All of the dead are from the 101st Airborne. It is unknown if the craft went down because of mechanical failure or hostile fire. Reportedly, a military source says it may have been hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. 57% of Poles oppose the mission in Iraq as the first Polish soldier dies. Vietnam War vets comment on the worrisome parallels between Vietnam and Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Army charges three soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division 3rd Brigade Combat Team with murder in relation to the deaths of three men in custody in Iraq. ](/news/2006/06/19/the-united-states-army-charges-three-soldiers-of-the-101st-airborne-division-3rd-brigade-combat-team-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-deaths.md) _Context: 101st Airborne Division, Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: A US Blackhawk helicopter is brought down near Tikrit by Iraqi militants. The Daily Star Lebanon reports that the US is effectively plundering Iraq following the occupation. The daily average of attacks on US troops rises and reaches about 25-26 per day. 100,000 march against the occupation of Iraq in Washington DC.](/news/2003/10/25/occupation-of-iraq-a-us-blackhawk-helicopter-is-brought-down-near-tikrit-by-iraqi-militants-the-daily-star-lebanon-reports-that-the-us-is.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit, UH-60 Black Hawk_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit, U.S. soldiers_
4. [ Prisoner of war United States Army Private Jessica Lynch is rescued by U.S. forces from Nasiriya, Iraq ](/news/2003/04/1/prisoner-of-war-united-states-army-private-jessica-lynch-is-rescued-by-u-s-forces-from-nasiriya-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Jessica Lynch, U.S. soldiers_
5. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
6. [Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
7. [Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-strikes-in-southeastern-turkey-near-the-border.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
8. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
9. [Eight Turkish soldiers and 21 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants are killed in clashes and in a subsequent helicopter crash near Turkey's border with Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/13/eight-turkish-soldiers-and-21-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-and-in-a-subsequent-helicopter-crash-near-turkey.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey_
10. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
