### [2015-10-30](/news/2015/10/30/index.md)

# 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. Cyclone Chapala intensifies in the Arabian Sea as it heads towards Yemen and Oman which rarely experience tropical cyclones. The cyclone is expected to dump two years worth of rain on the normally arid Arabian Peninsula in two days. 

A rare intense tropical cyclone is forecast to dump two years of rain on one of the world&#039;s arid regions. 


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald'' via ''WA Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/environment/weather/rare-tropical-cyclone-yemen-oman-expect-eight-years-of-rain-in-two-days-as-chapala-forms-in-arabian-sea-20151030-gkmyjl.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. Cyclone Chapala. ""Ravaged by months of war, Yemen now gets battered by the first tropical storm on record to make landfall"." Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala slams into Yemen's central coast, with maximum sustained winds of around 140 kph (85 mph) -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane. The storm floods coastal areas, brings down electricity lines and destroys houses, with severe threat of mudslides. Chapala is expected to pour over two or three years worth of rain, up to 300 millimeters (12 inches), in a single day. ](/news/2015/11/3/2015-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-cyclone-chapala-ravaged-by-months-of-war-yemen-now-gets-battered-by-the-first-tropical-storm-on.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
2. [2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. At least one person is killed after Cyclone Chapala hits Yemen's Socotra island in the Indian Ocean with flooding reported in Hadibu, the provincial capital. The severe cyclone is expected to cause considerable damage when it makes landfall on Yemeni mainland. ](/news/2015/11/2/2015-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-cyclone-chapala-hits-yemen-s-socotra-island-in-the-indian-ocean.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
3. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Oman, Yemen_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted.md) _Context: Arabian Sea, Yemen_
5. [ War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. ](/news/2007/02/10/war-in-somalia-somali-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-modifies-the-roster-of-the-transitional-federal-government-by-removing-army-chief.md) _Context: Oman, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [Migrant crisis. At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Migrant crisis. The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/migrant-crisis-the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War. Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Yemen_
