### [2015-10-30](/news/2015/10/30/index.md)

# Cyclone Chapala intensifies in the Arabian Sea as it heads towards Yemen and Oman which rarely experience tropical cyclones. The cyclone is expected to dump two years worth of rain on the normally arid Arabian Peninsula in two days. 

A rare intense tropical cyclone is forecast to dump two years of rain on one of the world&#039;s arid regions. 


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald'' via ''WA Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/environment/weather/rare-tropical-cyclone-yemen-oman-expect-eight-years-of-rain-in-two-days-as-chapala-forms-in-arabian-sea-20151030-gkmyjl.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.watoday.com.au/content/dam/images/g/k/m/y/o/7/image.related.articleLeadwide.620x349.gkmyjl.png/1446183923822.png)

### Related:

1. [""Ravaged by months of war, Yemen now gets battered by the first tropical storm on record to make landfall"." Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala slams into Yemen's central coast, with maximum sustained winds of around 140 kph (85 mph) -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane. The storm floods coastal areas, brings down electricity lines and destroys houses, with severe threat of mudslides. Chapala is expected to pour over two or three years worth of rain, up to 300 millimeters (12 inches), in a single day. ](/news/2015/11/3/ravaged-by-months-of-war-yemen-now-gets-battered-by-the-first-tropical-storm-on-record-to-make-landfall-extremely-severe-cyclonic-stor.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
2. [At least one person is killed after Cyclone Chapala hits Yemen's Socotra island in the Indian Ocean with flooding reported in Hadibu, the provincial capital. The severe cyclone is expected to cause considerable damage when it makes landfall on Yemeni mainland. ](/news/2015/11/2/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-cyclone-chapala-hits-yemen-s-socotra-island-in-the-indian-ocean-with-flooding-reported-in-hadibu-the-pr.md) _Context: 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala, Yemen_
3. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Oman, Yemen_
4. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Arabian Sea, Yemen_
5. [ War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. ](/news/2007/02/10/war-in-somalia-somali-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-modifies-the-roster-of-the-transitional-federal-government-by-removing-army-chief.md) _Context: Oman, Yemen_
6. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Oman, Yemen_
7. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi-run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north-of-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-forced-300-people.md) _Context: Yemen_
