### [2015-10-30](/news/2015/10/30/index.md)

# Shaker Aamer, the last British resident held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, is released. Aamer faces no charges in Britain; Scotland Yard detectives questioned him for three days during his detention. 

British resident Shaker Aamer, who spent 13 years in Guantanamo Bay, arrives back in the UK and thanks supporters for his release.


### Source:

1. [AP via Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/guantnamo-detainee-shaker-aamer-freed-after-13-years/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34675324#)

### Related:

1. [ The United States will return Benyam Mohammed to the United Kingdom after four years of imprisonment at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp. ](/news/2009/02/20/the-united-states-will-return-benyam-mohammed-to-the-united-kingdom-after-four-years-of-imprisonment-at-guantanamo-bay-naval-base-s-detenti.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United Kingdom_
2. [ The commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Service and the most senior policeman in the United Kingdom, Sir Ian Blair, announces that he will stand down from his post in December of this year, citing a lack of support from London Mayor Boris Johnson. ](/news/2008/10/2/the-commissioner-of-the-metropolitan-police-service-and-the-most-senior-policeman-in-the-united-kingdom-sir-ian-blair-announces-that-he-w.md) _Context: Scotland Yard, United Kingdom_
3. [ The United Kingdom asks United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to release five residents of the UK from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/08/7/the-united-kingdom-asks-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-to-release-five-residents-of-the-uk-from-the-guantanamo-bay-deten.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United Kingdom_
4. [ In the United Kingdom, the Crown Prosecution Service announce that police officers involved in the fatal shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes in the aftermath of the attempted bombings of London on July 21, 2005 will not face criminal charges, although the Metropolitan Police Service is to be prosecuted under the Health and Safety at Work Act. ](/news/2006/07/17/in-the-united-kingdom-the-crown-prosecution-service-announce-that-police-officers-involved-in-the-fatal-shooting-of-jean-charles-de-meneze.md) _Context: Scotland Yard, United Kingdom_
5. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [British sports retailer Sports Direct agreed to acquire the American retail chains Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports for $101 million out of bankruptcy. ](/news/2017/04/21/british-sports-retailer-sports-direct-agreed-to-acquire-the-american-retail-chains-bob-s-stores-and-eastern-mountain-sports-for-101-million.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [A second parchment manuscript of the United States Declaration of Independence is discovered by Harvard University researchers, in a record office in Chichester, United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-second-parchment-manuscript-of-the-united-states-declaration-of-independence-is-discovered-by-harvard-university-researchers-in-a-record.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
