### [2015-10-30](/news/2015/10/30/index.md)

# Storms hit the American state of Texas causing at least two deaths with one person reported missing. Rivers overflowed as more than a foot of rain fell in some areas while tornadoes ripped through buildings outside San Antonio. 

School buses were trapped in near San Antonio and a tornado may have touched down in D&#x27;Hanis, destroying a bank and damaging other buildings.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/possible-tornadoes-damage-buildings-across-south-texas-officials-n454441)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/30/us-texas-tornado-idUSKCN0SO1O220151030)

### Related:

1. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas, tornado_
2. [Multiple gunshots strike the public safety headquarters of the San Antonio, Texas, Police Department. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/07/9/multiple-gunshots-strike-the-public-safety-headquarters-of-the-san-antonio-texas-police-department-no-injuries-are-reported.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
3. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
4. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
5. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
6. [With the death of an 18-year-old killer whale at its San Antonio, Texas facility and the recent malfunction of the Sky Tower ride at its park in Orlando, Florida, SeaWorld's problems in the wake of recent earning shortfalls, decline in attendance, and drop the values of its shares.  In response, the company plans new pricing and attractions. ](/news/2015/12/25/with-the-death-of-an-18-year-old-killer-whale-at-its-san-antonio-texas-facility-and-the-recent-malfunction-of-the-sky-tower-ride-at-its-par.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
7. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
8. [A second round of storms and strong winds moves east across Texas in the American Southwest, with three radar-confirmed tornadoes damaging homes and causing injuries in the Houston area that got up to eight inches of rain since Friday night. Six people have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-second-round-of-storms-and-strong-winds-moves-east-across-texas-in-the-american-southwest-with-three-radar-confirmed-tornadoes-damaging-h.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
9. [UNESCO adds more sites to the World Heritage List including the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park in the US city of San Antonio, Texas and Scotland's Forth Bridge. ](/news/2015/07/5/unesco-adds-more-sites-to-the-world-heritage-list-including-the-san-antonio-missions-national-historical-park-in-the-us-city-of-san-antonio.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
10. [An apartment building fire near San Antonio, Texas, USA, kills five people. ](/news/2014/12/28/an-apartment-building-fire-near-san-antonio-texas-usa-kills-five-people.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
