### [2016-07-25](/news/2016/07/25/index.md)

# Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-wen refutes accusations that she would have interpreted the 1992 consensus differently. 

TAIPEI • Taiwan&#039;s presidential office has refuted claims that President Tsai Ing-wen rejected the &quot;1992 Consensus&quot; in a recent interview with the Washington Post.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/tsai-did-not-reject-one-china-consensus)

### Related:

1. [Cross-Strait relations. A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
2. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
3. [Cross-Strait relations. Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen rejects a supposed deadline set by Chinese President Xi Jinping for accepting the 1992 Consensus, saying such a deadline is against the will of the people. ](/news/2016/07/22/cross-strait-relations-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-rejects-a-supposed-deadline-set-by-chinese-president-xi-jinping-for-accepting-the-1.md) _Context: 1992 consensus, Tsai Ing-wen_
4. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
5. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
6. [Cross-Strait relations. China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/cross-strait-relations-china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast.md) _Context: Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
7. [FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbit-by-spacex-s-falcon.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [Taiwan-United States relations. The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/taiwan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration.md) _Context: Taiwan_
9. [Foreign relations of Panama. Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: Taiwan_
10. [LGBT rights in Taiwan. After the Supreme Court rules in favor, same-sex-marriage is on its way to being legalized in Taiwan, the first country in Asia to do so. ](/news/2017/05/24/lgbt-rights-in-taiwan-after-the-supreme-court-rules-in-favor-same-sex-marriage-is-on-its-way-to-being-legalized-in-taiwan-the-first-count.md) _Context: Taiwan_
