### [2004-07-28](/news/2004/07/28/index.md)

#  A massive suicide car-bomb kills 70 Iraqi civilians in an attack near a police station in the city of Baquba, north of Baghdad. Insurgents launch simultaneous attacks on U.S bases around Ramadi, killing two U.S soldiers and wounding eight. One guerrilla and an Iraqi civilian are killed in the Ramadi fighting. Clashes between Marines and guerillas are reported elsewhere in Al Anbar province, west of Baghdad. A U.S soldier is killed and three wounded in a roadside bomb attack on a convoy in the town of Balad Ruz, north of Baghdad. A U.S soldier is killed and another three wounded in a roadside bomb attack in Baghdad. An Iraqi civilian was also injured in the blast. Seven Iraqi policemen and 35 guerillas are killed in a battle in the town of Suwariyah, southeast of Baghdad, that was started by a raid by Iraqi security forces backed by U.S and Ukrainian troops.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province-from-the-islamic-state-along-with.md) _Context: Baghdad, Ramadi_
2. [A suicide attack kills at least fifteen people and wounds forty people at a Shia funeral in Baquba, north of Baghdad.](/news/2012/06/18/a-suicide-attack-kills-at-least-fifteen-people-and-wounds-forty-people-at-a-shia-funeral-in-baquba-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
3. [ Iraq War: At least 100 people are killed in two separate attacks on busy streets in Baghdad and Baquba. ](/news/2007/01/22/iraq-war-at-least-100-people-are-killed-in-two-separate-attacks-on-busy-streets-in-baghdad-and-baquba.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
4. [ 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad. About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight. Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra. At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot. One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. ](/news/2006/02/23/47-factory-workers-are-forced-off-buses-and-shot-at-nahrawan-near-baghdad-about-50-bullet-riddled-bodies-are-found-in-baghdad-overnight.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
5. [ More than 20 people die when a car bomb detonates in Howaider, a Shia village near Baquba, 60 miles north of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/10/29/more-than-20-people-die-when-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-howaider-a-shia-village-near-baquba-60-miles-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five U.S. troops die following three insurgent attacks, two in Ramadi and one in Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/20/conflict-in-iraq-five-u-s-troops-die-following-three-insurgent-attacks-two-in-ramadi-and-one-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Ramadi_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Two US Soldiers are killed as a helicopter is shot down near Baquba, North of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/05/26/conflict-in-iraq-two-us-soldiers-are-killed-as-a-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-baquba-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
8. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits Iraq and calls for patience in the political struggle against the insurgency. Meanwhile, the bodies of 34 people are found at locations in Baghdad, Iskandariya, and Ramadi, all apparently having been executed. ](/news/2005/05/15/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-visits-iraq-and-calls-for-patience-in-the-political-struggle-against-the-insurgency-meanwhile-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Ramadi_
9. [ Guerilla mortar fire, directed at the Green Zone in Baghdad, strikes the nearby neighborhood of Salhiya, killing an Iraqi garbage collector, wounding another, and injuring 15 U.S. soldiers. Dr. Qassem el-Obaidi, assistant director of Mahmudiya hospital, is assassinated in Mahmudiya, 25 miles south of Baghdad. A suicide bomber launches a failed attack in Baquba, north of Baghdad, killing himself but inflicting no other casualties. The Jordanian company Daoud and Partners decides to withdraw from Iraq, so as to secure the release of two Jordanian hostages.](/news/2004/07/27/guerilla-mortar-fire-directed-at-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-strikes-the-nearby-neighborhood-of-salhiya-killing-an-iraqi-garbage-collector.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.](/news/2003/11/3/occupation-of-iraq-attacks-consisting-of-six-explosions-reportedly-coordinated-occur-one-in-kirkuk-five-in-baghdad-the-series-of-exp.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
