### [2010-01-16](/news/2010/01/16/index.md)

# Australian police bust a $A18 million cannabis crop. The cannabis crop has been found growing on leased land in a national park in northern New South Wales. 




### Source:

1. [Otago Daily Times](http://www.odt.co.nz/news/world/89096/australian-police-bust-a18-million-cannabis-crop)

### Related:

1. [Cyclone Debbie: The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: New South Wales_
2. [Cyclone Debbie: Consequences of heavy rain from Cyclone Debbie kill at least three people and force 20,000 others to leave their homes in New South Wales and Queensland. ](/news/2017/04/1/cyclone-debbie-consequences-of-heavy-rain-from-cyclone-debbie-kill-at-least-three-people-and-force-20-000-others-to-leave-their-homes-in-ne.md) _Context: New South Wales_
3. [Cannabis in Israel: Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/cannabis-in-israel-israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marij.md) _Context: marijuana_
4. [Cyclone Debbie: Authorities find a woman's body near the town of Murwillumbah, New South Wales, bringing the number of confirmed storm fatalities to at least two people. There are fears that more people could be missing in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales. ](/news/2017/03/31/cyclone-debbie-authorities-find-a-woman-s-body-near-the-town-of-murwillumbah-new-south-wales-bringing-the-number-of-confirmed-storm-fatal.md) _Context: New South Wales_
5. [Cyclone Debbie: Authorities of New South Wales issue a State Emergency Service for the towns of Murwillumbah and Lismore, and at least 12 flood rescues are underway as former Cyclone Debbie moves south from north Queensland. ](/news/2017/03/30/cyclone-debbie-authorities-of-new-south-wales-issue-a-state-emergency-service-for-the-towns-of-murwillumbah-and-lismore-and-at-least-12-fl.md) _Context: New South Wales_
6. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: New South Wales_
7. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Australian_
8. [Australian east coast low: The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: New South Wales_
9. [Australian east coast low: Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/australian-east-coast-low-three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian.md) _Context: New South Wales_
10. [ Australian east coast low: New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: New South Wales_
