### [2010-01-16](/news/2010/01/16/index.md)

# Kenya will deport a radical Jamaican Muslim cleric Abdullah el-Faisal after protests against his detention led to rioting. 

Kenya will deport jailed Jamaican Muslim cleric Sheikh Abdullah al-Faisal &quot;without delay&quot; after a protest against his detention triggered battles with police in the capital Nairobi, a minister said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Daily Nation](http://www.nation.co.ke/News/-/1056/843574/-/vpbtqf/-/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE60F17W20100116)

### Related:

1. [Kenya deports to Gambia a radical Jamaican Muslim cleric who is on a global terror watch list. ](/news/2010/01/7/kenya-deports-to-gambia-a-radical-jamaican-muslim-cleric-who-is-on-a-global-terror-watch-list.md) _Context: Jamaica, Kenya, Muslim_
2. [At least five people die and dozens are injured in Nairobi, Kenya, when police clash with protesters demanding the release of Jamaican Muslim cleric Abdullah al-Faisal. ](/news/2010/01/15/at-least-five-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-in-nairobi-kenya-when-police-clash-with-protesters-demanding-the-release-of-jamaican-musli.md) _Context: Jamaica, Kenya, Muslim_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab militants hijack a bus travelling between the town of Mandera and the Kenyan capital Nairobi and execute 28 non-Muslim passengers. ](/news/2014/11/22/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-hijack-a-bus-travelling-between-the-town-of-mandera-and-the-kenyan-capital-nairobi-and.md) _Context: Kenya, Muslim_
4. [Somalia sends a letter of protest to Kenya after the arrest of MPs and other officials, including Muslim leader Al-Amin Kimathi, over recent riots. ](/news/2010/01/18/somalia-sends-a-letter-of-protest-to-kenya-after-the-arrest-of-mps-and-other-officials-including-muslim-leader-al-amin-kimathi-over-recent.md) _Context: Kenya, Muslim_
5. [Kenyan general election, 2017: Voters in Kenya go to the polls to elect the President, as well as members of the National Assembly and Senate. ](/news/2017/08/8/kenyan-general-election-2017-voters-in-kenya-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-as-well-as-members-of-the-national-assembly-and-senat.md) _Context: Kenya_
6. [2017 East African famine: USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-east-african-famine-usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-k.md) _Context: Kenya_
7. [Kenyan general election, 2017: The Kenyan electoral commission announces that President Uhuru Kenyatta has won re-election. Kenyatta leads ODM candidate Raila Odinga by more than 1.4 million votes. The opposition National Super Alliance rejects this finding as fraudulent. ](/news/2017/08/11/kenyan-general-election-2017-the-kenyan-electoral-commission-announces-that-president-uhuru-kenyatta-has-won-re-election-kenyatta-leads-o.md) _Context: Kenya_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Kenya opens the Mombasa-Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway, the East African country's largest infrastructure project since gaining independence. ](/news/2017/05/31/kenya-opens-the-mombasa-nairobi-standard-gauge-railway-the-east-african-country-s-largest-infrastructure-project-since-gaining-independen.md) _Context: Kenya_
