### [2003-04-20](/news/2003/04/20/index.md)

#  A bench clearing brawl happens in a baseball game between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the St. Louis Cardinals. Tino Martinez was hit by a 1-0 pitch from Miguel Batista, and took first base. He was then forced out at second base during the next batter's at-bat. When heading back to the dugout, Martinez charged Batista from behind. Batista turned and threw the ball at him, and players from both teams joined the altercation. The Diamondbacks ultimately won the game, 1-0, and the MLB suspends Martinez for four games, and Batista for ten.




### Related:

1. [ Baseball: Barry Bonds ties the 63-year-old record of Jimmie Foxx by homering against the Arizona Diamondbacks' Curt Schilling, becoming the second player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 30 home runs in 12 consecutive seasons.](/news/2003/07/12/baseball-barry-bonds-ties-the-63-year-old-record-of-jimmie-foxx-by-homering-against-the-arizona-diamondbacks-curt-schilling-becoming-the.md) _Context: Arizona Diamondbacks, Major League Baseball, baseball game_
2. [ The St. Louis Cardinals and Cleveland Indians play in Major League Baseball's inaugural "Civil Rights Game" at AutoZone Park in Memphis, Tennessee, instituted to honor the history of civil rights in the United States. ](/news/2007/03/31/the-st-louis-cardinals-and-cleveland-indians-play-in-major-league-baseball-s-inaugural-civil-rights-game-at-autozone-park-in-memphis-te.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, St. Louis Cardinals_
3. [ Baseball: The St. Louis Cardinals win the 2006 World Series, beating the Detroit Tigers 4 games to 1. This is the Cardinals' first title since 1982. David Eckstein is named the World Series MVP, winning his second ring. ](/news/2006/10/27/baseball-the-st-louis-cardinals-win-the-2006-world-series-beating-the-detroit-tigers-4-games-to-1-this-is-the-cardinals-first-title-si.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
4. [ The Boston Red Sox win their first World Series title since 1918&mdash;and break the "Curse of the Bambino"&mdash;by beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3&ndash;0 in the fourth game of the 2004 World Series of baseball.](/news/2004/10/27/the-boston-red-sox-win-their-first-world-series-title-since-1918-mdash-and-break-the-curse-of-the-bambino-mdash-by-beating-the-st-louis.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
5. [ Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. ](/news/2004/10/1/ichiro-suzuki-a-japanese-baseball-star-now-playing-for-major-league-baseball-s-new-york-yankees-breaks-george-sisler-s-84-year-old-record.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
6. [ Randy Johnson pitches the 17th perfect game in Major League Baseball history in a 2-0 win by the Arizona Diamondbacks over the Atlanta Braves. ](/news/2004/05/18/randy-johnson-pitches-the-17th-perfect-game-in-major-league-baseball-history-in-a-2-0-win-by-the-arizona-diamondbacks-over-the-atlanta-brav.md) _Context: Arizona Diamondbacks, Major League Baseball_
7. [ Sammy Sosa of baseball's Chicago Cubs is ejected from a game after he is found to have used a corked bat. The Cubs went on to beat the Devil Rays, 3 to 2. Major League Baseball Officials confiscated 76 of Sosa's spare bats after his ejection, and all were found to be clean, with no cork.](/news/2003/06/3/sammy-sosa-of-baseball-s-chicago-cubs-is-ejected-from-a-game-after-he-is-found-to-have-used-a-corked-bat-the-cubs-went-on-to-beat-the-devi.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
8. [ US Baseball: Pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankee Roger Clemens notches his 4,000th strikeout and his 300th win.](/news/2003/06/13/us-baseball-pitching-against-the-st-louis-cardinals-new-york-yankee-roger-clemens-notches-his-4-000th-strikeout-and-his-300th-win.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
9. [ US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.](/news/2003/06/11/us-baseball-six-houston-astros-pitchers-combine-to-pitch-a-no-hitter-against-the-new-york-yankees-the-game-sets-several-records-includin.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
10. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: baseball game_
