### [2013-03-7](/news/2013/03/7/index.md)

# Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, alleged spokesman for al-Qaeda and said to be the son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, is captured in Jordan and faces criminal charges in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Star Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/politics/national/195892481.html)

### Related:

1. [Death of Osama bin Laden: The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani warns the United States that it will defend its air space from incursions following the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound and denies collaborating with al-Qaeda. ](/news/2011/05/9/death-of-osama-bin-laden-the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-warns-the-united-states-that-it-will-defend-its-air-space-from-in.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, United States, al-Qaeda_
2. [ Al-Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden criticizes United States President Barack Obama on an audio cassette. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8081828.stm (BBC)] [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/middle_east/article6423668.ece "(The Times)"]](/news/2009/06/3/al-qaeda-founder-osama-bin-laden-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-on-an-audio-cassette-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-south_as.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, United States, al-Qaeda_
3. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, United States_
4. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: United States, al-Qaeda_
5. [Jordan-United States relations: The United States delivers eight UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters to Jordan to help the Jordanian Armed Forces defend the country from the threat of ISIL. ](/news/2016/03/3/jordan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-delivers-eight-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopters-to-jordan-to-help-the-jordanian-armed-forces.md) _Context: Jordan, United States_
6. [Amman shooting attack: A Jordanian policeman shoots dead two American instructors and a South African before being killed at a police training centre in Al-Muwaqqar, on the eastern outskirts of Amman. U.S. contractors are sent to the facility to assist Jordanian police trainers. ](/news/2015/11/9/amman-shooting-attack-a-jordanian-policeman-shoots-dead-two-american-instructors-and-a-south-african-before-being-killed-at-a-police-traini.md) _Context: Jordan, United States_
7. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Jordan, United States_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: Jordan, United States_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
10. [1998 United States embassy bombings: Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/1998-united-states-embassy-bombings-abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-await.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, United States_
