### [2016-01-4](/news/2016/01/4/index.md)

# German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/01/04/world/europe/ap-eu-germany-sex-assaults.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
2. [German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planning-terror-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
3. [The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-criticism-of-his-handling-of-violent-clashes-and-s.md) _Context: Cologne, New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany_
4. [Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mass-sexual-violence-at-new-year-s-eve-events.md) _Context: Cologne, New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany_
5. [ A 12-km stretch of the Rhine River near Cologne, Germany is closed to shipping following the loss of 31 containers from a container ship with 200 ships backed up. ](/news/2007/03/27/a-12-km-stretch-of-the-rhine-river-near-cologne-germany-is-closed-to-shipping-following-the-loss-of-31-containers-from-a-container-ship-wi.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
6. [ More than 800,000 people joined Pope Benedict XVI for the concluding Mass of World Youth Day 2005 in Cologne, Germany. ](/news/2005/08/21/more-than-800-000-people-joined-pope-benedict-xvi-for-the-concluding-mass-of-world-youth-day-2005-in-cologne-germany.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
7. [ Pope Benedict XVI made his first foreign trip to his homeland Germany, attending the World Youth Day 2005. He was welcomed with cheers and made several speeches to leaders of Germany and to pilgrims at the Rhine banks at a ship as well as in front of the Cologne cathedrale. - ](/news/2005/08/18/pope-benedict-xvi-made-his-first-foreign-trip-to-his-homeland-germany-attending-the-world-youth-day-2005-he-was-welcomed-with-cheers-and.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
8. [ World Youth Day 2005 begins in Cologne, Germany. ](/news/2005/08/16/world-youth-day-2005-begins-in-cologne-germany.md) _Context: Cologne, Germany_
9. [Large portions of Frankfurt, Germany, are evacuated as local authorities work to defuse a bomb left over from a Royal Air Force raid during World War II. The evacuation is the largest to occur in Europe since World War II. ](/news/2017/09/3/large-portions-of-frankfurt-germany-are-evacuated-as-local-authorities-work-to-defuse-a-bomb-left-over-from-a-royal-air-force-raid-during.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
