### [2016-01-4](/news/2016/01/4/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. 

HILLA, Iraq (AFP) - Blasts rocked two Sunni mosques in central Iraq Monday (Jan 4), amid fears of renewed sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia&#039;s execution of a prominent Shi&#039;ite cleric, police and medics said.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/world/middle-east/two-sunni-mosques-bombed-muezzin-killed-in-iraq-police)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing: At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 2016 October Baghdad attacks: Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL: Third Battle of Fallujah: The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-third-battle-of-fallujah-the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-gov.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL) leader Abu Waheeb and three other militants in an airstrike near the town of Rutba, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pentagon-announces-the-death-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-isil-leader-abu-waheeb-and-three-ot.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
