### [2016-01-4](/news/2016/01/4/index.md)

# Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. 

Saudi Arabia widened its rift with Iran on Monday, saying it would end air traffic and trade links with the Islamic republic and demanding that Tehran must &quot;act like a normal country&quot; before it would restore severed diplomatic relations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35222365)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Syrias-opposition-urges-all-Arab-states-to-cut-Iran-ties-439400)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-saudi-iran-jubeir-idUSKBN0UI1GU20160104)

### Related:

1. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
3. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Sudan_
6. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Sudan_
7. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
8. [The top cleric of Saudi Arabia says Iranians "are not Muslims." ](/news/2016/09/7/the-top-cleric-of-saudi-arabia-says-iranians-are-not-muslims.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
9. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia_
