### [2016-01-4](/news/2016/01/4/index.md)

# The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry confirms the addition of four new chemical elements to the periodic table after scientists from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, California, United States provided sufficient evidence to fill the elements 113, 115, 117 and 118, which were temporarily named ununtrium, ununpentium, ununseptium and ununoctium, respectively. 

Discovery of four super-heavy chemical elements by scientists in Russia, America and Japan has been verified by experts and formally added to table


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/jan/04/periodic-tables-seventh-row-finally-filled-as-four-new-elements-are-added)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/f6c6406732044140de3ee9362dda9148a31a39bd/389_532_2312_1389/master/2312.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=547cb601350d2e82415614d6a3f55fd5)

### Related:

1. [ A team composed of Russian scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory report on the discovery of two new transuranium (superheavy) chemical elements with very high atomic masses. From the international convention governing the periodic table, element 113 is given the temporary name Ununtrium (atomic symbol Uut) and element 115 is designated Ununpentium (Uup). The discovery is later confirmed.](/news/2004/02/1/a-team-composed-of-russian-scientists-at-the-joint-institute-for-nuclear-research-in-dubna-and-american-scientists-at-the-lawrence-livermor.md) _Context: Dubna, Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, chemical element, moscovium, nihonium, periodic table_
2. [The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry proposes final names for four new chemical elements: nihonium (atomic number 113), moscovium (#115), tennessine (#117), and oganesson (#118). ](/news/2016/06/8/the-international-union-of-pure-and-applied-chemistry-proposes-final-names-for-four-new-chemical-elements-nihonium-atomic-number-113-mos.md) _Context: International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry, moscovium, nihonium, oganesson_
3. [Scientists in Japan confirm the 2004 discovery of a 113th element, paving the way for it to be named and included on the periodic table. ](/news/2012/09/27/scientists-in-japan-confirm-the-2004-discovery-of-a-113th-element-paving-the-way-for-it-to-be-named-and-included-on-the-periodic-table.md) _Context: chemical element, nihonium, periodic table_
4. [ American and Russian scientists announce the discovery of a new chemical element with the atomic number 118, temporarily designated as Ununoctium. ](/news/2006/10/16/american-and-russian-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-a-new-chemical-element-with-the-atomic-number-118-temporarily-designated-as-unun.md) _Context: chemical element, oganesson, temporarily named_
5. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
6. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
