### [2016-01-4](/news/2016/01/4/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) releases a video showing the killing of five men accused of committing espionage on the militant group for the United Kingdom. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office released a statement saying that they are examining the content of the video. 

BEIRUT - The Islamic State group threatened Britain in an Internet video Sunday showing the killing of five &#39;&#39;spies&#39;&#39; it said worked with the international coalition fighting IS in Iraq and Syria. 


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/isis-threatens-uk-in-new-execution-video/)
2. [AFP via ABS-CBN News](http://news.abs-cbn.com/global-filipino/world/01/04/16/is-threatens-britain-in-new-executions-video)

### Related:

1. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office, United Kingdom_
3. [ Turkey deports  British academic Chris Stephenson, a computer science lecturer at Bilgi University in Istanbul, who is charged with making terrorism propaganda. The UK Foreign Office said it was providing assistance;  there has been no comment from Turkish officials. ](/news/2016/03/16/turkey-deports-british-academic-chris-stephenson-a-computer-science-lecturer-at-bilgi-university-in-istanbul-who-is-charged-with-making.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office, United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
6. [China vows to "bring to justice" those responsible for executing one of its citizens after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant said it had killed a Chinese hostage. China's Foreign Ministry also confirms the hostage's identity for the first time, naming him as Fan Jinghui. ](/news/2015/11/19/china-vows-to-bring-to-justice-those-responsible-for-executing-one-of-its-citizens-after-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-said-it.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Killing of captives by ISIL_
7. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
8. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron confirms that two ISIS militants, UK citizens, Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin, were killed in Syria when a British drone attack hit their car on August 21, 2015. Both Khan and Amin had appeared in an ISIS recruitment video last year. They are alleged to have been plotting a terrorist attack on the UK. ](/news/2015/09/8/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-confirms-that-two-isis-militants-uk-citizens-reyaad-khan-and-ruhul-amin-were-killed-in-syria-when-a-bri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
9. ["Jihadi John", an ISIL terrorist featured in many beheading videos, is identified as Mohammed Emwazi, a Kuwaiti-born man who lived in the United Kingdom and was on a terrorism watch list. ](/news/2015/02/26/jihadi-john-an-isil-terrorist-featured-in-many-beheading-videos-is-identified-as-mohammed-emwazi-a-kuwaiti-born-man-who-lived-in-the-un.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Kingdom_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war:The United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office is investigating claims that a man from the English city of Manchester has been killed in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/03/4/2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-united-kingdom-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-is-investigating-claims-that-a-man-from-the-english-city-of-manche.md) _Context: Foreign and Commonwealth Office, United Kingdom_
