### [2013-03-30](/news/2013/03/30/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis: North Korea declares it is in a state of war with South Korea, and will conduct any further dealings under "wartime regulations". Russia urges calm on both sides. North Korea threatens to shut down the industrial plant in Kaesong, on the border with South Korea. 

North Korea said on Saturday it was entering a &quot;state of war&quot; with South Korea, but Seoul and its ally the United States played down the statement as tough talk.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57577110/north-korea-says-its-entering-state-of-war-with-south/)
2. [RT](http://rt.com/news/nkorea-declares-war-updates-083/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/30/us-korea-north-war-idUSBRE92T00020130330)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2013/04/11/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-renews-a-threat-to-permanently-close-its-kaesong-joint-industrial-zone-with-south-korea-blaming-the-confro.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Kaesong, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia, South Korea_
3. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [2013 Korean crisis: North and South Korea agree to reopen the jointly-operated Kaesong Industrial Region. ](/news/2013/08/14/2013-korean-crisis-north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reopen-the-jointly-operated-kaesong-industrial-region.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [South Korea offers to hold talks with North Korea over reopening a joint factory complex in the North Korean town of Kaesong which shut down in April. ](/news/2013/07/4/south-korea-offers-to-hold-talks-with-north-korea-over-reopening-a-joint-factory-complex-in-the-north-korean-town-of-kaesong-which-shut-down.md) _Context: Kaesong, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [2013 Korean crisis:A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/2013-korean-crisis-pa-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increas.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea deploys two warships with Aegis missile-defense systems as a precautionary measure, following reports that North Korea had repositioned intermediate-range ballistic missiles to its east coast a day earlier. ](/news/2013/04/5/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-deploys-two-warships-with-aegis-missile-defense-systems-as-a-precautionary-measure-following-reports-that-n.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea blocks a delegation of South Korean businessmen from delivering food and supplies to 200 of their staff inside the closed Kaesong joint industrial zone. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-blocks-a-delegation-of-south-korean-businessmen-from-delivering-food-and-supplies-to-200-of-their-staff-insi.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
