### [2004-08-16](/news/2004/08/16/index.md)

#  In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3568570.stm)
2. [Knight Ridder](http://www.realcities.com/mld/krwashington/9409919.htm)

### Related:

1. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ Following the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, an agreement is found to end the standoff in Najaf. Although the terms are not clear, the deal requires both the al-Sadr militia and U.S. troops to leave the city, to be replaced by the police interim government. Responsibility for the Imam Ali Mosque goes to Sistani. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3603730.stm (BBC)] This resolution occurs two days before the one-year anniversary of the assassination of Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, a prominent Shi'ite cleric from Najaf.](/news/2004/08/27/following-the-intervention-of-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-an-agreement-is-found-to-end-the-standoff-in-najaf-although-the-terms-are-no.md) _Context: Iraq interim government, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
3. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ In Basra, Iraq, masked militants kidnap and threaten to kill James Brandon, 23, a freelance British journalist, working for the "Sunday Telegraph", unless US troops withdraw from Najaf within 24 hours. He is released after intervention by al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/13/in-basra-iraq-masked-militants-kidnap-and-threaten-to-kill-james-brandon-23-a-freelance-british-journalist-working-for-the-sunday-tel.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf, journalist_
5. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf, U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi, Najaf_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
9. [ The truce between Muqtada al-Sadr's militia and occupation troops ends as US troops surround his house in Najaf to arrest him. ](/news/2004/08/3/the-truce-between-muqtada-al-sadr-s-militia-and-occupation-troops-ends-as-us-troops-surround-his-house-in-najaf-to-arrest-him.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
10. [ US planes bomb the city of Samarra, north-west of Baghdad. In Najaf, a fragile ceasefire holds, with Muqtada al-Sadr making defiant statements but continuing negotiations. The Allawi government decides to withdraw from the negotiations in the afternoon. ](/news/2004/08/14/us-planes-bomb-the-city-of-samarra-north-west-of-baghdad-in-najaf-a-fragile-ceasefire-holds-with-muqtada-al-sadr-making-defiant-stateme.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
