### [2004-08-16](/news/2004/08/16/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: Federal justice minister Irwin Cotler announces that the federal government will no longer resist court proceedings aiming to require provincial governments to issue same-sex marriage licences. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1092694223358&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154)

### Related:

1. [ A motion brought by the Conservative government to reopen debate on same-sex marriage in Canada is defeated by the Canadian House of Commons. ](/news/2006/12/7/a-motion-brought-by-the-conservative-government-to-reopen-debate-on-same-sex-marriage-in-canada-is-defeated-by-the-canadian-house-of-common.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ The Canadian Senate passes Bill C-38 to legalize same-sex marriage in Canada. The bill will become law when it receives Royal Assent from Governor General Adrienne Clarkson, scheduled for tomorrow. ](/news/2005/07/19/the-canadian-senate-passes-bill-c-38-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-bill-will-become-law-when-it-receives-royal-assent-from-g.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Bill C-38 passes through the Canadian House of Commons, placing Canada on track to become the third country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage, likely by July. ](/news/2005/06/28/bill-c-38-passes-through-the-canadian-house-of-commons-placing-canada-on-track-to-become-the-third-country-in-the-world-to-legalize-same-s.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: Four same-sex couples in New Brunswick file suit for the right to marry under the Charter. This challenge, the first to be filed in over five months, would make New Brunswick the eighth of ten provinces to recognize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2005/04/25/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-four-same-sex-couples-in-new-brunswick-file-suit-for-the-right-to-marry-under-the-charter-this-challenge-the.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government's Bill C-38 survives a vote on a wrecking amendment which would have defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman, introduced by the Conservative Party of Canada. ](/news/2005/04/12/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-s-bill-c-38-survives-a-vote-on-a-wrecking-amendment-which-would-have-defined-marriage.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in Ireland: An Irish High Court judge rules that a lesbian couple who married in Canada may proceed with their case seeking to have their marriage recognized in Ireland. ](/news/2004/11/8/same-sex-marriage-in-ireland-an-irish-high-court-judge-rules-that-a-lesbian-couple-who-married-in-canada-may-proceed-with-their-case-seeki.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A judge in Saskatchewan rules that same-sex couples must enjoy the right to equal marriage in that province. ](/news/2004/11/5/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-judge-in-saskatchewan-rules-that-same-sex-couples-must-enjoy-the-right-to-equal-marriage-in-that-province.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: Two lesbian couples denied marriage licences file a lawsuit against the governments of Canada and of Newfoundland and Labrador, asking for the legalization of same-sex marriage in that province. ](/news/2004/11/4/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-two-lesbian-couples-denied-marriage-licences-file-a-lawsuit-against-the-governments-of-canada-and-of-newfoundl.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Supreme Court of Canada begins three days of hearings into the federal government's reference of a draft bill to legalize same-sex marriage. The court will review the bill's constitutionality, hearing arguments from groups on either side of the debate. A ruling is not expected for months. ](/news/2004/10/6/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-supreme-court-of-canada-begins-three-days-of-hearings-into-the-federal-government-s-reference-of-a-draft-b.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Nova Scotia Supreme Court strikes down the province's law forbidding same-sex marriages, making it the sixth of Canada's provinces and territories to legalize same-sex marriage. Neither the federal nor the Nova Scotia government had opposed the court challenge. ](/news/2004/09/24/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-nova-scotia-supreme-court-strikes-down-the-province-s-law-forbidding-same-sex-marriages-making-it-the-six.md) _Context: same-sex marriage in Canada_
