### [1999-05-12](/news/1999/05/12/index.md)

#  David Steel becomes the first Presiding Officer (speaker) of the modern Scottish Parliament.




### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
2. [The Smith Commission, established by UK Prime Minister David Cameron to look at enhanced devolution for Scotland following the independence referendum, publishes its report, recommending the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to set income tax rates and bands. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-smith-commission-established-by-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-look-at-enhanced-devolution-for-scotland-following-the-independence.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
3. [The Scottish Parliament elects Nicola Sturgeon as the first female First Minister of Scotland. ](/news/2014/11/19/the-scottish-parliament-elects-nicola-sturgeon-as-the-first-female-first-minister-of-scotland.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
4. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
5. [The Scottish Parliament votes overwhelmingly (105-18) in favor of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/4/the-scottish-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-105-18-in-favor-of-a-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-scotland.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
6. [Two MSPs - John Finnie and Jean Urquhart - resign from the Scottish National Party over its stance on NATO, effectively reducing the party's absolute majority in the Scottish Parliament to two. ](/news/2012/10/23/two-msps-john-finnie-and-jean-urquhart-resign-from-the-scottish-national-party-over-its-stance-on-nato-effectively-reducing-the-par.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
7. [The Scottish National Party urges British Prime Minister David Cameron to amend the Scotland Bill to give the Scottish Parliament greater legislative powers. ](/news/2011/05/7/the-scottish-national-party-urges-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-amend-the-scotland-bill-to-give-the-scottish-parliament-greater-le.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
8. [The Scottish Parliament meets for the first time since the victory of the Scottish National Party in the recent general election. ](/news/2011/05/11/the-scottish-parliament-meets-for-the-first-time-since-the-victory-of-the-scottish-national-party-in-the-recent-general-election.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
9. [ Wendy Alexander resigns as the leader of the Scottish Labour Party following a ruling from the Scottish Parliament's ethics committee over political donations. ](/news/2008/06/28/wendy-alexander-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-scottish-labour-party-following-a-ruling-from-the-scottish-parliament-s-ethics-committee-over.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
10. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
