### [2003-10-25](/news/2003/10/25/index.md)

#  Many countries in the Northern Hemisphere will end daylight saving time in the night from October 25 to October 26. In the Southern Hemisphere daylight saving time will start only in the Australian states of New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria.




### Related:

1. [ New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of-the-murray.md) _Context: New South Wales, South Australia, Victoria_
2. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
3. [ New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and-t.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
4. [Filmmakers Mike deGruy of Santa Barbara, California and Andrew Wight of Victoria die in a helicopter crash in the Australian town of Berry, New South Wales. ](/news/2012/02/4/filmmakers-mike-degruy-of-santa-barbara-california-and-andrew-wight-of-victoria-die-in-a-helicopter-crash-in-the-australian-town-of-berry.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
5. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
6. [ A strong cold front sweeps across south-eastern Australia, bringing destructive winds to South Australia, Victoria and Tasmania. In Melbourne, a woman died when part of a wall collapsed in the suburb of Mentone. ](/news/2008/04/2/a-strong-cold-front-sweeps-across-south-eastern-australia-bringing-destructive-winds-to-south-australia-victoria-and-tasmania-in-melbour.md) _Context: South Australia, Victoria_
7. [ The Northern Hemisphere Vernal Equinox and the Southern Hemisphere Autumnal Equinox occurred at 18:26 UTC.](/news/2006/03/20/the-northern-hemisphere-vernal-equinox-and-the-southern-hemisphere-autumnal-equinox-occurred-at-18-26-utc.md) _Context: Northern Hemisphere, southern hemisphere_
8. [ The December solstice, occurring at 18:35 UTC, is observed around the world in both astronomical and spiritual terms; this day has the least hours of sunlight and the longest night of the year in the Northern Hemisphere (winter solstice), and vice versa in the Southern Hemisphere (summer solstice). ](/news/2005/12/21/the-december-solstice-occurring-at-18-35-utc-is-observed-around-the-world-in-both-astronomical-and-spiritual-terms-this-day-has-the-leas.md) _Context: Northern Hemisphere, southern hemisphere_
9. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
10. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: New South Wales_
