### [2003-10-25](/news/2003/10/25/index.md)

#  World Series: Baseball: The Florida Marlins defeat the New York Yankees, four games to two, to win the 2003 World Series.




### Related:

1. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
2. [ The Boston Red Sox win their first World Series title since 1918&mdash;and break the "Curse of the Bambino"&mdash;by beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3&ndash;0 in the fourth game of the 2004 World Series of baseball.](/news/2004/10/27/the-boston-red-sox-win-their-first-world-series-title-since-1918-mdash-and-break-the-curse-of-the-bambino-mdash-by-beating-the-st-louis.md) _Context: World Series, baseball game_
3. [ Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. ](/news/2004/10/1/ichiro-suzuki-a-japanese-baseball-star-now-playing-for-major-league-baseball-s-new-york-yankees-breaks-george-sisler-s-84-year-old-record.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
4. [ US Baseball: Pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankee Roger Clemens notches his 4,000th strikeout and his 300th win.](/news/2003/06/13/us-baseball-pitching-against-the-st-louis-cardinals-new-york-yankee-roger-clemens-notches-his-4-000th-strikeout-and-his-300th-win.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
5. [ US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.](/news/2003/06/11/us-baseball-six-houston-astros-pitchers-combine-to-pitch-a-no-hitter-against-the-new-york-yankees-the-game-sets-several-records-includin.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
6. [ The New York Yankees complete a 4 game sweep of the Atlanta Braves to win their second consecutive World Series.](/news/1999/10/27/the-new-york-yankees-complete-a-4-game-sweep-of-the-atlanta-braves-to-win-their-second-consecutive-world-series.md) _Context: New York Yankees, World Series_
7. [For the second time (previous was August 2000) the Avalon at Edgewater apartments in Edgewater, New Jersey burn down. Among the 400 people evacuated, New York Yankees announcer John Sterling is one of the victims. ](/news/2015/01/21/for-the-second-time-previous-was-august-2000-the-avalon-at-edgewater-apartments-in-edgewater-new-jersey-burn-down-among-the-400-people-e.md) _Context: New York Yankees_
8. [Star baseball player Barry Bonds is sentenced to 30 days of home detention on obstruction of justice charges following misleading evidence about steroid use. ](/news/2011/12/16/star-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-sentenced-to-30-days-of-home-detention-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-following-misleading-evidence-a.md) _Context: baseball game_
9. [Dutch baseball player Greg Halman of the Seattle Mariners is stabbed to death, with his brother as a suspect. ](/news/2011/11/21/dutch-baseball-player-greg-halman-of-the-seattle-mariners-is-stabbed-to-death-with-his-brother-as-a-suspect.md) _Context: baseball game_
10. [Washington Nationals baseball catcher Wilson Ramos is found alive in Venezuela near where he was kidnapped on Wednesday. ](/news/2011/11/11/washington-nationals-baseball-catcher-wilson-ramos-is-found-alive-in-venezuela-near-where-he-was-kidnapped-on-wednesday.md) _Context: baseball game_
