### [2015-06-16](/news/2015/06/16/index.md)

# 2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. South Korea reports three more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome bringing the death toll to 19 with 154 people diagnosed with the disease. 

 South Korea reported three more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) Tuesday, bringing the death toll to 19.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2015/06/16/0200000000AEN20150616001352320.html?input=www.tweeter.com)

### Related:

1. [South Korean MERS outbreak. South Korea announces an end to the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) outbreak that has killed 36 people since May 2015. The virus infected 186 people, with nearly 17,000 people confined to their homes and thousands of schools temporarily closing at the peak of the largest MERS outbreak outside Saudi Arabia, where it first appeared in 2012. ](/news/2015/12/23/south-korean-mers-outbreak-south-korea-announces-an-end-to-the-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-mers-outbreak-that-has-killed-36-people-s.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
2. [Two South Korean airlines, Korean Air and Asiana Airlines, will resume flights to Japan after suspending flights during the recent MERS outbreak. ](/news/2015/07/15/two-south-korean-airlines-korean-air-and-asiana-airlines-will-resume-flights-to-japan-after-suspending-flights-during-the-recent-mers-outb.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
3. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus outbreak in South Korea. Four people have now died of MERS in South Korea with five new cases reported. ](/news/2015/06/5/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-coronavirus-outbreak-in-south-korea-four-people-have-now-died-of-mers-in-south-korea-with-five-new-ca.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
4. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 32, with the number of cases stabilizing at 182. ](/news/2015/06/28/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-from-mers-in-south-korea-rises-to-32-with-the-number-of.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
5. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of MERS casualties in South Korea rises to 29 with the number of cases rising to 180. ](/news/2015/06/25/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-mers-casualties-in-south-korea-rises-to-29-with-the-number-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
6. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 27 with three new cases reported. The government is taking unprecedented precautions in terms of public sanitation and quarantine.](/news/2015/06/22/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-from-mers-in-south-korea-rises-to-27-with-three-new-case.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
7. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths resulting from the MERS outbreak in South Korea rises to sixteen with the number of total cases rising to 150. ](/news/2015/06/15/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-resulting-from-the-mers-outbreak-in-south-korea-rises-to.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
8. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. A South Korean man is hospitalised in the Slovak capital Bratislava with symptoms of MERS as the death toll in South Korea rises to 15. ](/news/2015/06/14/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-a-south-korean-man-is-hospitalised-in-the-slovak-capital-bratislava-with-symp.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
9. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The death toll from the South Korean MERS outbreak rises to 11 with 126 people now diagnosed with the disease but the number of people in quarantine falls slightly to 3,680. Two hospitals have closed as a result of the outbreak and the Bank of Korea has lowered interest rates due to concerns about effects of the outbreak on the economy. ](/news/2015/06/12/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-death-toll-from-the-south-korean-mers-outbreak-rises-to-11-with-126-peopl.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
10. [Health officials in the United States are advising doctors to be on the lookout for MERS following an outbreak in South Korea. ](/news/2015/06/11/health-officials-in-the-united-states-are-advising-doctors-to-be-on-the-lookout-for-mers-following-an-outbreak-in-south-korea.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
