### [2015-06-16](/news/2015/06/16/index.md)

# al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula announces that its leader Nasser al-Wuhayshi was killed in a US drone strike last Friday. 

Al-Qaeda confirms that a key commander - Nasser al-Wuhayshi, who headed Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula - has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-33143259#)

### Related:

1. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Yemeni government forces along with Popular Resistance militia kill dozens of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters in clashes in southern Yemen. A drone strike kills two others further north, near Ma'rib. ](/news/2016/04/23/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-yemeni-government-forces-along-with-popular-resistance-militia-kill-dozens-of-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsul.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
2. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Drone strikes in Yemen: A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills three suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militants. ](/news/2016/01/16/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-drone-strikes-in-yemen-a-u-s-drone-strike-on-a-vehicle-in-yemen-s-shabwah-governorate-kills-three-suspected.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-gover.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
4. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: A US drone strike kills five Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operatives including Shawki al-Badani and Nabil al-Dahab, leader of Ansar al-Sharia in Yemen's Al Bayda Governorate. ](/news/2014/11/5/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-a-us-drone-strike-kills-five-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-operatives-including-shawki-al-badani-and-nabil.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
5. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:: Seven Yemeni Army soldiers and 16 Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militants are killed in fighting near the town of Azan in Shabwa province. ](/news/2014/05/14/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-seven-yemeni-army-soldiers-and-16-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
6. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:: Six AQAP militants and two Yemeni soldiers are killed after clashes near a damaged oil pipeline in Ma'rib Governorate. Separately, gunmen target military officials and the home of the transport minister in the capital Sana'a, killing a brigadier general and injuring four others. ](/news/2012/12/25/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-six-aqap-militants-and-two-yemeni-soldiers-are-killed-after-clashes-near-a-damaged-oil-pipeline-in-ma-rib-gov.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, al-Qaida_
7. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: The U.S. Navy SEAL Team Six's raid on an Al Qaeda in Yemen compound in the Ma'rib Governorate kills at least seven militants. SEAL Team Six also suffered unspecified injuries that were treated at the site. ](/news/2017/05/23/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-the-u-s-navy-seal-team-six-s-raid-on-an-al-qaeda-in-yemen-compound-in-the-ma-rib-governorate-kills-at-least-s.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War: A suspected U.S. drone strike kills two al-Qaida militants in central Shabwa province, according to Yemeni security and tribal officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/yemeni-civil-war-a-suspected-u-s-drone-strike-kills-two-al-qaida-militants-in-central-shabwa-province-according-to-yemeni-security-and-tr.md) _Context: al-Qaida_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yakla raid: A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: al-Qaida_
10. [Yemeni Civil War: About 40 suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula fighters are killed as Yemeni forces, aided by Saudi-led airstrikes, fight their way into Zinjibar and Ja'ar in eastern Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/14/yemeni-civil-war-about-40-suspected-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-fighters-are-killed-as-yemeni-forces-aided-by-saudi-led-airstrikes.md) _Context: al-Qaida_
