### [2015-06-16](/news/2015/06/16/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Kurdish People's Protection Units have captured the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/06/syrian-kurdish-units-close-tal-abyad-150615155954847.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Hundreds of Syrian refugees return from Turkey to the border town of Tell Abyad after the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant are expelled by Kurdish People's Protection Units. ](/news/2015/06/22/syrian-civil-war-hundreds-of-syrian-refugees-return-from-turkey-to-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-after-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-le.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, YPG_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Kurdish YPG forces and Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the ISIL stronghold of Tell Abyad in northern Al-Raqqah Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/15/syrian-civil-war-kurdish-ypg-forces-and-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-isil-stronghold-of-tell-abyad-in-northern-al-raqqah-go.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, YPG_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
4. [Syrian civil war. The Turkish Armed Forces and US-backed Syrian rebels launch an initially successful campaign to capture the town of Jarabulus from ISIL. The Turkish Land Forces are also shelling YPG positions to prevent them from capturing areas that ISIL will retreat from. ](/news/2016/08/24/syrian-civil-war-the-turkish-armed-forces-and-us-backed-syrian-rebels-launch-an-initially-successful-campaign-to-capture-the-town-of-jarabu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present). A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-kurdish-islamist-conflict-2013-present-a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces re-enter the Kurdish town of Koban after a successful large-scale counterattack against the Kurds. ](/news/2015/06/25/syrian-civil-war-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-forces-re-enter-the-kurdish-town-of-kobani-after-a-successful-large-scale-counteratta.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Thousands of Syrians flee into Turkey as Kurdish fighters come closer to capturing the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/06/14/syrian-civil-war-thousands-of-syrians-flee-into-turkey-as-kurdish-fighters-come-closer-to-capturing-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-isla.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad_
8. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
