### [2009-01-26](/news/2009/01/26/index.md)

#  A gunman kills two people and injures seven others in Portland, Oregon, before shooting and critically wounding himself. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Nightclub-Shooting-In-Portland-Oregon-Gunman-Kills-Two-And-Wounds-Seven/Article/200901415210150?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15210150_Nightclub_Shooting_In_Portland%2C_Oregon%3A_Gunman_Kills_Two_And_Wounds_Seven)

### Related:

1. [The police in the US city of Portland, Oregon close down the Occupy Portland site resulting in 50 arrests. ](/news/2011/11/13/the-police-in-the-us-city-of-portland-oregon-close-down-the-occupy-portland-site-resulting-in-50-arrests.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
2. [Two trains collide near US Highway 30 near the US city of Portland, Oregon, causing a fire and necessitating the evacuation of nearby residents. ](/news/2011/05/4/two-trains-collide-near-us-highway-30-near-the-us-city-of-portland-oregon-causing-a-fire-and-necessitating-the-evacuation-of-nearby-reside.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
3. [Somali-born teenager Mohamed Osman Mohamud is arrested in Portland, Oregon, for allegedly plotting a bombing attack on a Christmas tree lighting ceremony. ](/news/2010/11/27/somali-born-teenager-mohamed-osman-mohamud-is-arrested-in-portland-oregon-for-allegedly-plotting-a-bombing-attack-on-a-christmas-tree-ligh.md) _Context: Oregon, Portland, Oregon_
4. [2017 Portland train attack. Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two teenage girls, one of them wearing a hijab. ](/news/2017/05/26/2017-portland-train-attack-two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
5. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Oregon_
6. [Anti-Trump protests. Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
7. [A natural gas explosion damages several buildings and injures eight people in downtown Portland, Oregon. ](/news/2016/10/19/a-natural-gas-explosion-damages-several-buildings-and-injures-eight-people-in-downtown-portland-oregon.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party.md) _Context: Oregon_
9. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Oregon_
