### [2009-01-26](/news/2009/01/26/index.md)

#  A state of emergency is declared in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, following a series of arson attacks. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2009/01/fifteen-more-ho.html)

### Related:

1. [ Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of the U.S. state of California, declares a state of emergency, and a reward of USD $500,000 is offered for the capture of the arsonist responsible for the wildfires started in the Twin Pines area of the state.](/news/2006/10/27/arnold-schwarzenegger-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-a-reward-of-usd-500-000-is-offered-for.md) _Context: arson, states of emergency_
2. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I've seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, states of emergency_
3. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
4. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
5. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats. ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year's attempted coup for another three months. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-to-extend-a-state-of-emergency-imposed-after-last-year-s-attempted-coup-for-another-three-months.md) _Context: states of emergency_
