### [2014-06-27](/news/2014/06/27/index.md)

# 2014 Northern Iraq offensive. American human rights group Human Rights Watch claims that Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executed at least 160 captives earlier this month in Tikrit. 

Human Rights Watch says Iraqi insurgents executed at least 160 captives earlier this month, based on an analysis of satellite imagery and grisly photos released by the militants.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/06/27/human-rights-watch-says-iraq-militants-executed-at-least-160-captive-troops/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Salahuddin campaign. Islamic State militants counter-attack in Iraq's Saladin province and seize locations west, north and south of Baiji, home to Iraq's largest oil refinery. In addition, the militants attack oilfields west of Tikrit, capture parts of the town of Seiniyah, portions of Mak'houl Mountain, and an abandoned fertilizer plant. ](/news/2015/11/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-salahuddin-campaign-islamic-state-militants-counter-attack-in-iraq-s-saladin-province-and-seize-locations.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
4. [ Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant:. A coalition of Iraqi Armed Forces and militia numbering around 30,000 launches an offensive against Islamic State positions in Tikrit. Troops seize control of the district of al-Tin and al-Abeid. ](/news/2015/03/2/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-a-coalition-of-iraqi-armed-forces-and-militia-numbering-around-30-000-launches-an-offensive-against.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
5. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Islamic State seizes the Yazidi-dominated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-seizes-the-yazidi-dominated-town-of-sinjar.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. 46 Indian nurses held hostage by the ISIS for almost a month in Tikrit, Iraq, arrive at Cochin airport, Kochi, India. ](/news/2014/07/5/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-46-indian-nurses-held-hostage-by-the-isis-for-almost-a-month-in-tikrit-iraq-arrive-at-cochin-airport-kochi.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Tikrit_
7. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. ](/news/2014/06/29/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-renamed-the-islamic-state-with-a-caliphate-being-proclaimed-and-a.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Iraqi Army expels militants from the centre of the city of Tikrit amongst heavy fighting. ](/news/2014/06/28/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-iraqi-army-expels-militants-from-the-centre-of-the-city-of-tikrit-amongst-heavy-fighting.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Tikrit_
9. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the towns of al-Qa'im, Anah and Rawa in Western Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/21/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-towns-of-al-qa-im-anah-and-rawa-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian civil war:. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is accused by Human Rights Watch of killing at least 190 villagers in pro-government areas and kidnapping hundreds more. ](/news/2013/10/11/syrian-civil-war-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-accused-by-human-rights-watch-of-killing-at-least-190-villagers-in-pro-govern.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
