### [2003-12-13](/news/2003/12/13/index.md)

#  At the EU summit, EU Commissioner Chris Patten describes the United States' method of awarding contracts for the rebuilding of Iraq as politically ''maladroit''. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/13/1071125715026.html]




### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, United States_
2. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: EU, United States_
3. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
4. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
5. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: EU, United States_
6. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, Iraq_
7. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: EU, United States_
8. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: EU, United States_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
10. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: EU, United States_
