### [2003-12-13](/news/2003/12/13/index.md)

#  California legislators approve Arnold Schwarzenegger's $15 billion bond issue.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/3312341.stm]




### Related:

1. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers a speech regarding the state's financial crisis, favoring state spending cuts rather than the issuing of bonds. ](/news/2009/06/13/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-delivers-a-speech-regarding-the-state-s-financial-crisis-favoring-state-spending-cuts-rather-tha.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
2. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency, due to severe drought. ](/news/2009/02/28/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-severe-drought.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
3. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger acts to end a budget crisis by firing 22,000 California state workers and cutting the pay of 200,000 more. ](/news/2008/07/31/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-acts-to-end-a-budget-crisis-by-firing-22-000-california-state-workers-and-cutting-the-pay.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
4. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Cruz County for the ongoing Summit Fire burning in the Santa Cruz Mountains. ](/news/2008/05/22/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-cruz-county-for-the-ongoing-summit-fire-burning-in-the-san.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
5. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Barbara County, California with hundreds of people ordered to evacuate due to wildfire. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-barbara-county-california-with-hundreds-of-people.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
6. [ Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of the U.S. state of California, declares a state of emergency, and a reward of USD $500,000 is offered for the capture of the arsonist responsible for the wildfires started in the Twin Pines area of the state.](/news/2006/10/27/arnold-schwarzenegger-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-a-reward-of-usd-500-000-is-offered-for.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
7. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he would veto a bill allowing same-sex marriage citing the March 2000 Proposition 22 ballot initiative that stated "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California". [http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-marriage8sep08,0,7314785.story?coll=la-home-headlines (LA Times)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-announced-he-would-veto-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-citing-the-march-2000-proposition-22-ba.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
8. [ The California State Assembly passes a bill recognizing same-sex marriage. Earlier this week the state Senate approved the measure; it now heads to the desk of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger where there is uncertainty whether he will sign or veto the measure. The legislation is the first passed by a U.S. state legislature recognizing same-sex marriage. ](/news/2005/09/7/the-california-state-assembly-passes-a-bill-recognizing-same-sex-marriage-earlier-this-week-the-state-senate-approved-the-measure-it-now.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
9. [ California Governor and former Hollywood star Arnold Schwarzenegger extols the United States as a greater source of good in the world than the UN: "If you believe this country, not the United Nations, is the best hope of democracy in the world, then you are a Republican", he shouts, at the Republican National Convention. ](/news/2004/08/31/california-governor-and-former-hollywood-star-arnold-schwarzenegger-extols-the-united-states-as-a-greater-source-of-good-in-the-world-than.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Saying he will defend California's laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples, state attorney general Bill Lockyer dismisses California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's "order" in the San Francisco marriage licenses debate, saying his office is independent of gubernatorial power. ](/news/2004/02/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-saying-he-will-defend-california-s-laws-limiting-marriage-to-opposite-sex-couples-state-attorney-g.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California_
