### [2009-08-10](/news/2009/08/10/index.md)

#  In an open letter four South African opposition leaders accuse President Jacob Zuma of abuse of power after his naming of Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice. The office of President Jacob Zuma responds by saying there was "nothing unconstitutional" in Zuma's action. 




### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.thetimes.co.za/News/Article.aspx?id=1047598)
2. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=13&art_id=nw20090810115404754C270656)

### Related:

1. [ South African opposition parties call on President Jacob Zuma to withdraw Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice because he failed to consult the opposition and Judicial Service Committee. ](/news/2009/08/9/south-african-opposition-parties-call-on-president-jacob-zuma-to-withdraw-sandile-ngcobo-as-chief-justice-because-he-failed-to-consult-the.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, Sandile Ngcobo, South Africa_
2. [ The leaders of three South African opposition parties urge President Jacob Zuma to withdraw his statement on the nomination of Sandile Ngcobo to replace outgoing Chief Justice Pius Langa, calling it "unconstitutional". ](/news/2009/08/7/the-leaders-of-three-south-african-opposition-parties-urge-president-jacob-zuma-to-withdraw-his-statement-on-the-nomination-of-sandile-ngco.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, Sandile Ngcobo, South Africa_
3. [ President Jacob Zuma names Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice of South Africa. ](/news/2009/08/6/president-jacob-zuma-names-sandile-ngcobo-as-chief-justice-of-south-africa.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, Sandile Ngcobo_
4. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
5. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
6. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
7. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
8. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-psouth-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african-r.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
9. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
10. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with  Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, South Africa_
