### [2009-08-10](/news/2009/08/10/index.md)

#  The head of MI6 John Scarlett denies complicity in the alleged torture of British detainee Binyam Mohamed, as the government rejects calls for an inquiry. 

An inquiry into allegations of UK complicity in torture has been rejected by the Government, as Sir John Scarlett, head of MI6, said the service was committed to human rights.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8188307.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/lawandorder/6004491/Torture-claims-no-British-Government-inquiry.html)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article6789733.ece)

### Related:

1. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
2. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
3. [Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-british-government-that-the.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
4. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the ''The Daily Telegraph'', warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed.  At issue is London's withdrawal from a PS5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-wa.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
6. [Muslim cleric Abu Qatada will be released on bail after winning an appeal against deportation from the United Kingdom to Jordan. The UK government says it will appeal against the ruling. ](/news/2012/11/12/muslim-cleric-abu-qatada-will-be-released-on-bail-after-winning-an-appeal-against-deportation-from-the-united-kingdom-to-jordan-the-uk-gove.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
7. [Queues form at petrol stations across the United Kingdom after government ministers urged motorists to top up their fuel tanks ahead of a possible strike by fuel tanker drivers. ](/news/2012/03/29/queues-form-at-petrol-stations-across-the-united-kingdom-after-government-ministers-urged-motorists-to-top-up-their-fuel-tanks-ahead-of-a-po.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
8. [The Government of the United Kingdom expels Libyan diplomats loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from the United Kingdom and recognises the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-expels-libyan-diplomats-loyal-to-muammar-gaddafi-from-the-united-kingdom-and-recognises-the-national-tr.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
9. [ Section 76 of the United Kingdom's Counter-Terrorism Act 2008&mdash;a law that criminalizes publishing information about the Armed Forces, the Security Service, the Secret Intelligence Service, or Government Communications Headquarters&mdash;is effected. ](/news/2009/02/16/section-76-of-the-united-kingdom-s-counter-terrorism-act-2008-mdash-a-law-that-criminalizes-publishing-information-about-the-armed-forces.md) _Context: Secret Intelligence Service, United Kingdom_
10. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
