### [2015-01-30](/news/2015/01/30/index.md)

# A judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia upholds the conviction of five men in connection with the Srebrenica massacre. 

The former Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal upholds convictions against five men for their role in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31053503)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/80666000/jpg/_80666269_80666267.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
2. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
3. [Vujadin Popovic and Ljubisa Beara, former high-ranking officers of the Bosnian Serb army, are found guilty of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, the harshest judgment ever delivered by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2010/06/10/vujadin-popovia-and-ljubia-a-beara-former-high-ranking-officers-of-the-bosnian-serb-army-are-found-guilty-of-genocide-and-sentenced-to-li.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
4. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
5. [ Former Bosnian Serb Army General Ratko Mladic, wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague in connection with the massacre of 8,000 men and boys on July 11, 1995, in Srebrenica, has been reported by Belgrade's Studio B TV to have been arrested. The Serbian government has denied the capture, decrying the report as "manipulation which damages the government". ](/news/2006/02/21/former-bosnian-serb-army-general-ratko-mladia-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-in-con.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
6. [ Bosnian Serb officer Vujadin Popovic, accused of complicity in Srebrenica massacre in 1995, pleads not guilty in the Hague. He surrendered to the ICTY on 14 April. ](/news/2005/04/18/bosnian-serb-officer-vujadin-popovia-accused-of-complicity-in-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-pleads-not-guilty-in-the-hague-he-surrendered.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
7. [The 127 people who were massacred in the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 and were subsequently discovered in mass graves are buried at the Srebrenica Genocide Memorial following a funeral. For the first time, Bosnian Serbs were not welcome to attend the ceremony. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-127-people-who-were-massacred-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-and-were-subsequently-discovered-in-mass-graves-are-buried-at-the-srebr.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre_
8. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
9. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
10. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
