### [2015-01-30](/news/2015/01/30/index.md)

# The Government of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists call off peace talks that were to be held in Minsk. 

Civilians were killed on both sides in heavy fighting in eastern Ukraine on Friday, while an attempt to reopen peace talks in neighbouring Belarus was aborted before it began.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fda722a6c31b4c0aa2bd694a45eaa1df/12-civilians-5-troops-killed-eastern-ukraine)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/01/30/uk-ukraine-crisis-idUKKBN0L30XW20150130)
2. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20150130&t=2&i=1021149396&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEB0T0OP)

### Related:

1. [Thirty thousand people are evacuated from Kalynivka, Ukraine, following an explosion in an ammunition dump 180 km southwest of Kiev. The Government of Ukraine blames sabotage. ](/news/2017/09/27/thirty-thousand-people-are-evacuated-from-kalynivka-ukraine-following-an-explosion-in-an-ammunition-dump-180-km-southwest-of-kiev-the-gov.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
2. [Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-tax-on-the-unemployed.md) _Context: Minsk_
3. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
4. [The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that-their-countries-are-ready-to-discus.md) _Context: Minsk_
5. [Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due-december-21-2015-negotiat.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
6. [NATO leadership signs an agreement with the Ukrainian government to assist the country's modernization of its defense industry and capabilities. ](/news/2015/12/16/nato-leadership-signs-an-agreement-with-the-ukrainian-government-to-assist-the-country-s-modernization-of-its-defense-industry-and-capabilit.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
7. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
8. [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md) _Context: Minsk_
9. [The government of Ukraine bans all Russian airlines from flying into Ukraine from October 25 in response to Moscow's decision in September to impose a similar ban on Ukrainian airlines. ](/news/2015/10/12/the-government-of-ukraine-bans-all-russian-airlines-from-flying-into-ukraine-from-october-25-in-response-to-moscow-s-decision-in-september-t.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
10. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Government of Ukraine_
