### [2015-01-30](/news/2015/01/30/index.md)

# The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/greek-government-refuses-to-work-with-troika/a-18226767)

### Related:

1. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Eurogroup, Greek government-debt crisis_
3. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek government-debt crisis_
4. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Dutch Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem was re-elected president of the Eurogroup for a second term. ](/news/2015/07/13/dutch-finance-minister-jeroen-dijsselbloem-was-re-elected-president-of-the-eurogroup-for-a-second-term.md) _Context: Eurogroup, Jeroen Dijsselbloem_
6. [Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund  in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year-history-of-the-imf-unwinding.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, International Monetary Fund_
7. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, International Monetary Fund_
8. [The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run-on-the-nation-s-banks-to-becom.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
10. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
