### [2007-03-27](/news/2007/03/27/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas agree to limited biweekly peace talks. 

The announcement came after three days of shuttle diplomacy by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/27/world/middleeast/27cnd-diplo.html?ex=1332648000&en=91f6fb24afdd62ab&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [ Israeli radio reports that Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert said he plans to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in coming days. ](/news/2006/09/28/israeli-radio-reports-that-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-said-he-plans-to-meet-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-coming-days.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinean President Mahmoud Abbas will attend a common meeting later this week. ](/news/2006/06/20/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-and-palestinean-president-mahmoud-abbas-will-attend-a-common-meeting-later-this-week.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/09/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-for-the-resumption-of-the-middle-east-peace-process-in-meetings-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjami.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas meet to discuss the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2007/08/6/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-meet-to-discuss-the-establishment-of.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert starts a 19-month prison sentence for bribery and obstructing justice. In the last decade, he was found or admitted guilty in four different corruption investigations. ](/news/2016/02/15/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-starts-a-19-month-prison-sentence-for-bribery-and-obstructing-justice-in-the-last-decade-he-wa.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister_
