### [2007-03-27](/news/2007/03/27/index.md)

#  The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/6497657.stm)

### Related:

1. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
2. [ First Minister of Northern Ireland Ian Paisley announces his intentions to stand down from the post in May 2008 and, at the same time, resign as leader of the DUP, a party he has led for almost 40 years. ](/news/2008/03/4/first-minister-of-northern-ireland-ian-paisley-announces-his-intentions-to-stand-down-from-the-post-in-may-2008-and-at-the-same-time-resi.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Northern Ireland_
3. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Northern Ireland_
4. [ The anti-Good Friday Agreement Democratic Unionist Party with 30 seats becomes the biggest party in Northern Ireland in the Northern Ireland Assembly Election, 2003, replacing the Ulster Unionist Party (27 seats), while Sinn Fin at 24 seats replaces the SDLP (18 seats) as the major Irish nationalist party.](/news/2003/11/28/the-anti-good-friday-agreement-democratic-unionist-party-with-30-seats-becomes-the-biggest-party-in-northern-ireland-in-the-northern-irelan.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
5. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
6. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
7. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland_
8. [Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland, steps aside after the Democratic Unionist Party fails to get enough support to adjourn the assembly. ](/news/2015/09/10/peter-robinson-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-steps-aside-after-the-democratic-unionist-party-fails-to-get-enough-support-to-adjou.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland_
9. [Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley dies, aged 88. ](/news/2014/09/12/former-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-democratic-unionist-party-leader-ian-paisley-dies-aged-88.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley_
10. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. ](/news/2012/06/22/sinn-fein-s-martin-mcguinness-will-shake-hands-with-elizabeth-ii-at-a-historic-first-meeting-between-a-british-monarch-and-member-of-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
