### [2007-03-27](/news/2007/03/27/index.md)

#  United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2007/03/judge_says_rums.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has admitted that he had used a machine to sign letters of condolence to relatives of more than 1,000 troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, but pledged to sign the letters personally in future. ](/news/2004/12/20/u-s-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-has-admitted-that-he-had-used-a-machine-to-sign-letters-of-condolence-to-relatives-of-more-than-1-00.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
2. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
3. [ Four British citizens, who were detained at the US military installation in Guantanamo Bay for almost three years, sue the U.S. government for GBP5.5 million ($10 million) each, alleging torture and other human rights violations. The principal defendants are Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Richard Myers. ](/news/2004/10/27/four-british-citizens-who-were-detained-at-the-us-military-installation-in-guantanamo-bay-for-almost-three-years-sue-the-u-s-government.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, torture_
4. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
5. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
6. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
7. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
8. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
9. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq_
10. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
