### [2009-08-4](/news/2009/08/4/index.md)

#  Amos Kenan, Israeli columnist, painter, sculptor, playwright, novelist and leading intellectual of Canaanism died at the age of 82 in Israel, his funeral is scheduled for Thursday, August 6th, at a kibbutz cemetery in central Israel. 




### Source:

1. [The Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gq6rJ_xWFrVgMcbYv7IGhkSKnf1gD99SKMT80)

### Related:

1. [Middle East:Israel fires its first missiles into Gaza this month injuring several civilians, following a rocket attack on a kibbutz in southern Israel which causes damage but no injuries.](/news/2010/03/12/middle-east-pisrael-fires-its-first-missiles-into-gaza-this-month-injuring-several-civilians-following-a-rocket-attack-on-a-kibbutz-in-sout.md) _Context: Israel, kibbutz_
2. [ Following an outbreak of bird flu in Israel, Europe bans imports of Israeli chicken; Ministry of Agriculture halts exports of unprocessed birds; Kibbutzim in the south, heart of Israel put under closure; four people hospitalized in the south are found not to be infected with the disease. ](/news/2006/03/17/following-an-outbreak-of-bird-flu-in-israel-europe-bans-imports-of-israeli-chicken-ministry-of-agriculture-halts-exports-of-unprocessed-b.md) _Context: Israel, kibbutz_
3. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel_
