### [2003-02-14](/news/2003/02/14/index.md)

#  UNMOVIC chief weapons inspectors Hans Blix and Mohamed ElBaradei presented a report to the United Nations Security Council. They stated that the Iraqis had been co-operating well with the inspectors and that no weapons of mass destruction had been found, but that the Saddam Hussein regime had still to account for many banned weapons believed to have been in his arsenal. Mr Blix also expressed doubts about some of the conclusions in Colin Powell's Security Council presentation of February 5, and specifically questioned the significance of some of the photographic evidence that Mr Powell had presented.




### Related:

1. [ UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.](/news/2003/01/9/un-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-and-international-atomic-energy-agency-head-mohammed-el-baradei-give-a-report-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Hans Blix, United Nations Security Council, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says that thirty nations have joined with the United States in a "coalition of the willing" to remove Saddam Hussein from power, with another 15 quietly promising their support. See Worldwide government positions on war on Iraq.](/news/2003/03/18/u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-thirty-nations-have-joined-with-the-united-states-in-a-coalition-of-the-willing-to-remove.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: Hans Blix, weapons of mass destruction_
5. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Speaking to the United Nations Security Council, Iraqi Foreign Minister Naji Sabri said that the United States and its allies are "unjustifiably aggressive" and that Iraq is complying fully with requests made by the UN weapons inspectors. Speaking to the same forum, Hans Blix, the chief inspector, later said that Iraq had not been fully co-operative with the United Nations inspection teams.](/news/2003/01/27/speaking-to-the-united-nations-security-council-iraqi-foreign-minister-naji-sabri-said-that-the-united-states-and-its-allies-are-unjustif.md) _Context: Hans Blix, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ The first team of United Nations weapons inspectors arrive in Iraq, where they will prepare for inspections for evidence of the development or possession of weapons of mass destruction by Saddam Hussein's regime.](/news/2002/11/18/the-first-team-of-united-nations-weapons-inspectors-arrive-in-iraq-where-they-will-prepare-for-inspections-for-evidence-of-the-development.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, UNMOVIC_
8. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: Colin Powell meets with the United Nations Security Council to push for stronger resolutions against Iraq. In a surprise reversal, Iraq tells the United Nations it will allow weapons inspectors "immediately and without condition."](/news/2002/09/16/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-colin-powell-meets-with-the-united-nations-security-council-to-push-for-stronger-resolutions-against-iraq-in-a-s.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
