### [2000-11-2](/news/2000/11/2/index.md)

# The first resident crew enters the International Space Station. 




### Related:

1. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
2. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
3. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station_
4. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station_
5. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station_
6. [JAXA launches the unmanned  cargo spacecraft Kounotori 6, also known as HTV-6, from the Tanegashima Space Center to resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2016/12/9/jaxa-launches-the-unmanned-cargo-spacecraft-kounotori-6-also-known-as-htv-6-from-the-tanegashima-space-center-to-resupply-the-internation.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [Roscosmos cargo spacecraft Progress MS-04 fails to dock with the International Space Station after experiencing a rocket failure. The spacecraft is believed to have mainly burnt up in the atmosphere. ](/news/2016/12/1/roscosmos-cargo-spacecraft-progress-ms-04-fails-to-dock-with-the-international-space-station-after-experiencing-a-rocket-failure-the-spacec.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: International Space Station_
