### [2009-07-15](/news/2009/07/15/index.md)

#  The British government opts not to end the Common Travel Area between the United Kingdom and Ireland. 

The British government has climbed down over plans to require travellers from Ireland to show passports.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8150930.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0715/britain.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/00027269-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The United Kingdom announces a unilateral end to the Common Travel Area with the Republic of Ireland. From 2009, passports will be required for the first time, bringing to an end centuries of unimpeded travel between the two countries. ](/news/2007/10/24/the-united-kingdom-announces-a-unilateral-end-to-the-common-travel-area-with-the-republic-of-ireland-from-2009-passports-will-be-required.md) _Context: Common Travel Area, Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
3. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
4. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
5. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
7. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
8. [Telecommunications giant BT expands its investment in sports broadcasting with the purchase of ESPN's channels in Britain and Ireland. ](/news/2013/02/25/telecommunications-giant-bt-expands-its-investment-in-sports-broadcasting-with-the-purchase-of-espn-s-channels-in-britain-and-ireland.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
9. [Queen Elizabeth II starts her first state visit to the Republic of Ireland, the first visit of a British monarch since Ireland's independence from the United Kingdom in 1921. Elizabeth is also the first British monarch to visit Ireland since George V's state visit in 1911. ](/news/2011/05/17/queen-elizabeth-ii-starts-her-first-state-visit-to-the-republic-of-ireland-the-first-visit-of-a-british-monarch-since-ireland-s-independenc.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
10. [An international operation against a major drug trafficking gang deals "a major blow" as 26 people are arrested in Ireland, Spain and the United Kingdom, including a capo di tutti capi. ](/news/2010/05/25/an-international-operation-against-a-major-drug-trafficking-gang-deals-a-major-blow-as-26-people-are-arrested-in-ireland-spain-and-the-un.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
