### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# 2014-16 El Nino event. A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. 

Intense spell of hot and dry weather brought on by El Nino hits food and water supplies across parts of SE Asia.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/04/severe-heatwave-grips-malaysia-160411102328907.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Southeast Asian haze. In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeast-asian-haze-in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires.md) _Context: Asia, Malaysia_
2. [2014-16 El Nino event. Indian officials report, with 24 deaths today, the heatwave in the eastern state of Odisha has killed 135 people. Temperatures of 105.5degF (40.8degC) were recorded yesterday at 19 locations across the state. Meteorologists say the heat, an after-effect of El Nino, has delayed the traditional April rains. ](/news/2016/04/13/2014-16-el-nia-o-event-indian-officials-report-with-24-deaths-today-the-heatwave-in-the-eastern-state-of-odisha-has-killed-135-people.md) _Context: 2014-16 El Nino event, El Nino_
3. [Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge or the Penang Second Bridge, Southeast Asia's longest bridge over water in Penang, Malaysia is officially opened.](/news/2014/03/1/sultan-abdul-halim-muadzam-shah-bridge-or-the-penang-second-bridge-southeast-asia-s-longest-bridge-over-water-in-penang-malaysia-is-offici.md) _Context: Asia, Malaysia_
4. [Effects of global warming on South Asia. New research suggests that large parts of Southern Asia may be uninhabitable by 2100 due to levels of humidity dangerous to humans. ](/news/2017/08/2/effects-of-global-warming-on-south-asia-new-research-suggests-that-large-parts-of-southern-asia-may-be-uninhabitable-by-2100-due-to-levels.md) _Context: Asia_
5. [2017 heat wave in Europe. Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/2017-heat-wave-in-europe-firefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: heat wave_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Global warming. A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/global-warming-a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-prev.md) _Context: heat wave_
8. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: heat wave_
9. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea. Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-a.md) _Context: El Nino_
