### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. 

At least 12 people are killed by a bomb targeting police recruits on a bus in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36012640)

### Related:

1. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Taliban militants kill eight people, including a police commander, in an ambush in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/04/14/taliban-militants-kill-eight-people-including-a-police-commander-in-an-ambush-in-northern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan police, Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [Afghan Civil War:According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. ](/news/2015/06/29/afghan-civil-war-paccording-to-witnesses-who-fled-fighting-in-nangarhar-province-fighters-loyal-to-islamic-state-seize-substantial-territor.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [A Taliban raid kills at least twenty Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-twenty-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
