### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# CIA Director John Brennan,  in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered  by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed  using waterboarding if elected. 

CIA Director John Brennan told NBC News his agency will not engage in harsh &#x27;enhanced interrogation&#x27; practices, even if ordered to by a new president.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/director-brennan-cia-won-t-waterboard-again-even-if-ordered-n553756)
2. [The Hill'' via MSN.com](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/cia-director-no-waterboarding-even-if-commanded-by-future-president/ar-BBrArSf?ocid=spartanntp)

### Related:

1. [President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his-counselor-to-the-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
2. [A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-trump-s-work-history-shows-that-she-was-an-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
3. [Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-level-positions-including-senator-jeff-sessi.md) _Context: Director of the CIA, Donald Trump_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
5. [Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/08/19/paul-manafort-resigns-as-chairman-of-donald-trump-s-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
6. [Conservative leaders seeking an alternative to the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump are urging Tennessee attorney and ''National Review'' writer David French to enter the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate. ](/news/2016/05/31/conservative-leaders-seeking-an-alternative-to-the-republican-party-s-presumptive-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-are-urging-tennessee-att.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
8. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016_
9. [Corey Lewandowski, campaign manager for U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump, is charged with battery for allegedly grabbing former Breitbart News journalist Michelle Fields on March 8. ](/news/2016/03/29/corey-lewandowski-campaign-manager-for-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-is-charged-with-battery-for-allegedly-grabbing-former-brei.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
10. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
