### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/business/wp/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-pays-5-billion-to-settle-allegations-it-sold-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-financial-crisis/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/2016/04/11/Goldman-Sachs-to-pay-5-billion-in-settlement-over-financial-crisis/2151460387785/?spt=sec&or=bn)

### Related:

1. [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty. The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement. Goldman also faces fines from the New York State's Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, United States Department of Justice_
2. [Standard & Poor's reaches settlements totaling $1.5 billion with the U.S. Justice Department and several U.S. states for inflating ratings on subprime mortgage bonds in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. ](/news/2015/02/3/standard-poor-s-reaches-settlements-totaling-1-5-billion-with-the-u-s-justice-department-and-several-u-s-states-for-inflating-ratings-o.md) _Context: 2008 financial crisis, United States Department of Justice_
3. [Reuters reports that the United States Department of Justice and JPMorgan Chase have reached a tentative $13 billion settlement on the issue of selling bad mortgage loans to investors, the practice that contributed to Subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/10/19/reuters-reports-that-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-jpmorgan-chase-have-reached-a-tentative-13-billion-settlement-on-the-issue.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice, housing crisis_
4. [ Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, the two last remaining independent investment banks on Wall Street, become bank holding companies as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/21/goldman-sachs-and-morgan-stanley-the-two-last-remaining-independent-investment-banks-on-wall-street-become-bank-holding-companies-as-a-re.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs, housing crisis_
5. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
6. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
8. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
