### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. 

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Monday called his visit to a memorial to victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack on Hiroshima &quot;gut-wrenching&quot; and said it was a reminder of the need to pursue a world free of nuclear weapons.


### Source:

1. [Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/hiroshima-in-focus-as-top/2681586.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-g7-japan-idUSKCN0X802S)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160411&t=2&i=1131948363&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC3A0VX)

### Related:

1. [The 42nd G7 summit held at Ise-Shima in Japan's Mie Prefecture concludes with a declaration that the United Kingdom leaving the European Union would pose a "serious threat to world growth". ](/news/2016/05/27/the-42nd-g7-summit-held-at-ise-shima-in-japan-s-mie-prefecture-concludes-with-a-declaration-that-the-united-kingdom-leaving-the-european-uni.md) _Context: 42nd G7 summit, Japan, Mie Prefecture_
2. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry, Secretary of State_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, Secretary of State_
4. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry, Secretary of State_
5. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: John Kerry, Secretary of State_

### Changes:

1. [G7 foreign ministers meetingJohn Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meetingpjohn-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-p.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:13 (First version)_
2. [G7 foreign ministers meeting: John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:34 (Update)_
2. [John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peace-memorial-museum-to-the-victi.md) _(Current version)_
