### [2016-04-11](/news/2016/04/11/index.md)

# North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: South Korea announces that a colonel from North Korea's military spy agency defected to the south last year. Senior-level defections are rare, most being low level operatives. 

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A colonel from North Korea&#039;s military spy agency fled to South Korea last year in a rare senior-level defection, Seoul officials said Monday. The announcement came three days after Seoul revealed…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fa7f22f77f8243cb93be838237d6c3cc/seoul-senior-north-korea-military-officer-defects-south)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
2. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
3. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
5. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
8. [North Korean defectors: North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korean-defectors-north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korean defectors, South Korea_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
