### [2004-10-25](/news/2004/10/25/index.md)

#  The International Atomic Energy Agency announces that two weeks ago, the Iraqi government informed the agency that about 380 tons (345,000 kg) of powerful explosives, potentially usable in detonators for nuclear bombs, apparently disappeared from the Al-Qaqaa weapons facility, a site about 30 miles south of Baghdad, sometime shortly before or after Saddam Hussein's government fell. The Iraqi director of planning attributed the disappearance to "the theft and looting of the governmental installations due to lack of security", although other sources indicate the explosives could have been removed by the Hussein regime itself. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6598253 1], [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6604096 2], CNN: [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/index.html 1], [http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/ 2])




### Related:

1. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ A prison guard is arrested in Baghdad under suspicion of secretly filming the execution of Saddam Hussein using a mobile phone and publishing the video on the Internet. ](/news/2007/01/3/a-prison-guard-is-arrested-in-baghdad-under-suspicion-of-secretly-filming-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-using-a-mobile-phone-and-publishi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ "The New York Times" reports that a website created at the request of United States Representative Peter Hoekstra and Senator Pat Roberts was found to contain detailed information which could help nuclear-capable states produce nuclear weapons. The website was shut down on November 2 following questioning by "The New York Times" and protests by International Atomic Energy Agency officials. ](/news/2006/11/3/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-website-created-at-the-request-of-united-states-representative-peter-hoekstra-and-senator-pat-roberts-w.md) _Context: IAEA, nuclear weapon_
5. [ Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of-hunger-str.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Saddam Hussein's principal defense lawyer, Khamis al-Obeidi, is assassinated in Baghdad. ](/news/2006/06/21/saddam-hussein-s-principal-defense-lawyer-khamis-al-obeidi-is-assassinated-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ The UN International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei share the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to limit the spread of atomic weapons. ](/news/2005/10/7/the-un-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-share-the-2005-nobel-peace-prize-for-their-efforts-to.md) _Context: IAEA, nuclear weapon_
8. [ Saddam Hussein goes on trial in Baghdad for crimes against humanity. The former President of Iraq is led into court with seven associates, charged with ordering the killing of 143 Shi'a men in the town of Dujail in 1982. If convicted, Hussein could face capital punishment. ](/news/2005/10/19/saddam-hussein-goes-on-trial-in-baghdad-for-crimes-against-humanity-the-former-president-of-iraq-is-led-into-court-with-seven-associates.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2005/02/16/mohamed-elbaradei-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-states-there-is-no-evidence-to-suggest-iran-is-developing-nuclear.md) _Context: IAEA, nuclear weapon_
