### [2013-03-1](/news/2013/03/1/index.md)

# 2013 Lahad Datu standoff:At least 14 people die in Malaysia's Sabah province when rebels open fire on government security forces. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21628758)

### Related:

1. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:The death toll in Malaysia rises to 26 as conflict between people claiming to follow the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces continue. ](/news/2013/03/4/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-pthe-death-toll-in-malaysia-rises-to-26-as-conflict-between-people-claiming-to-follow-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-mal.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
2. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:Fighting erupts in Sabah, Malaysia, leaving seven dead, including five policemen. Four people are taken hostage. In response, the Malaysian Military doubles their troop presence in the area. ](/news/2013/03/3/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-pfighting-erupts-in-sabah-malaysia-leaving-seven-dead-including-five-policemen-four-people-are-taken-hostage-i.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sabah_
3. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:The death toll rises to at least 60 persons in the conflict between the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces. ](/news/2013/03/7/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-pthe-death-toll-rises-to-at-least-60-persons-in-the-conflict-between-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-malaysian-armed-forc.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
4. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats.  Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
5. [Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-it-also.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
7. [Two bodies have been removed from Borneo's Mount Kinabalu following the 6.1 magnitude earthquake that hit Malaysia's Sabah province Friday morning. Previously-stranded climbers, reported at 137, have descended to the Laban Rata resthouse. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-bodies-have-been-removed-from-borneo-s-mount-kinabalu-following-the-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-that-hit-malaysia-s-sabah-province-friday-m.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
8. [Jamalul Kiram III, claimant to the Sultanate of Sulu and leader of the militant group behind the 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, dies in Manila. ''([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/philippine-sultan-who-claimed-vast-malaysian-region-dies-at-75/2013/10/20/59c069e8-393e-11e3-89db-8002ba99b894_story.html The Washington Post])''](/news/2013/10/20/jamalul-kiram-iii-claimant-to-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-leader-of-the-militant-group-behind-the-2013-lahad-datu-standoff-dies-in-manila.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Sultanate_
9. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Malaysia_
