### [2013-03-1](/news/2013/03/1/index.md)

# 2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. At least 14 people die in Malaysia's Sabah province when rebels open fire on government security forces. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21628758)

### Related:

1. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. The death toll in Malaysia rises to 26 as conflict between people claiming to follow the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces continue. ](/news/2013/03/4/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-the-death-toll-in-malaysia-rises-to-26-as-conflict-between-people-claiming-to-follow-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-ma.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
2. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. Fighting erupts in Sabah, Malaysia, leaving seven dead, including five policemen. Four people are taken hostage. In response, the Malaysian Military doubles their troop presence in the area. ](/news/2013/03/3/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-fighting-erupts-in-sabah-malaysia-leaving-seven-dead-including-five-policemen-four-people-are-taken-hostage.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sabah_
3. [2013 Lahad Datu standoff:. The death toll rises to at least 60 persons in the conflict between the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces. ](/news/2013/03/7/2013-lahad-datu-standoff-the-death-toll-rises-to-at-least-60-persons-in-the-conflict-between-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-malaysian-armed-for.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sultanate_
4. [Moro conflict. Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/moro-conflict-philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitan.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
5. [Terrorism in Malaysia. Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/terrorism-in-malaysia-australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capita.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
6. [Moro conflict. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/moro-conflict-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-ber.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
7. [Two bodies have been removed from Borneo's Mount Kinabalu following the 6.1 magnitude earthquake that hit Malaysia's Sabah province Friday morning. Previously-stranded climbers, reported at 137, have descended to the Laban Rata resthouse. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-bodies-have-been-removed-from-borneo-s-mount-kinabalu-following-the-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-that-hit-malaysia-s-sabah-province-friday-m.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
8. [Jamalul Kiram III, claimant to the Sultanate of Sulu and leader of the militant group behind the 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, dies in Manila. "([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/philippine-sultan-who-claimed-vast-malaysian-region-dies-at-75/2013/10/20/59c069e8-393e-11e3-89db-8002ba99b894_story.html The Washington Post])"](/news/2013/10/20/jamalul-kiram-iii-claimant-to-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-leader-of-the-militant-group-behind-the-2013-lahad-datu-standoff-dies-in-manila.md) _Context: 2013 Lahad Datu standoff, Sultanate_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea. Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
