### [2012-01-31](/news/2012/01/31/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. 

Prime minister says there is &quot;still time&quot; until general elections; Netanyahu leads over Feiglin by large margin.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=255962)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, prime minister of Israel_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. ](/news/2012/10/25/israeli-prime-minister-and-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-israeli-foreign-minister-and-yisrael-beiteinu-chairman-avigdor-lieberma.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, prime minister of Israel_
3. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, prime minister of Israel_
4. [ Israel: In the Likud primary elections, Benjamin Netanyahu wins, becoming the new Likud leader. In the voting, he is followed by Silvan Shalom, Moshe Feyglin, and Yisrael Katz. ](/news/2005/12/20/israel-p-in-the-likud-primary-elections-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-becoming-the-new-likud-leader-in-the-voting-he-is-followed-by-silvan-sh.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin_
5. [ The Likud primary elections for the party's leadership between the candidates Benjamin Netanyahu, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz and Moshe Feyglin opened at 10:00 a.m. ](/news/2005/12/19/the-likud-primary-elections-for-the-party-s-leadership-between-the-candidates-benjamin-netanyahu-silvan-shalom-yisrael-katz-and-moshe-fey.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, Moshe Feiglin_
6. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Likud, prime minister of Israel_
7. [The prime minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refus.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
8. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
10. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
