### [2015-05-4](/news/2015/05/4/index.md)

# Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/04/politics/carly-fiorina-presidential-announcement/)

### Related:

1. [ Carly Fiorina, widely considered one of the most powerful women in American business, resigns her post as CEO of Hewlett-Packard, having been asked to do so by the company's board of directors after she failed to cut costs and increase revenue as quickly as the board had hoped. She had served as CEO of the company since 1999 and Chairman of the Board since 2000. ](/news/2005/02/9/carly-fiorina-widely-considered-one-of-the-most-powerful-women-in-american-business-resigns-her-post-as-ceo-of-hewlett-packard-having-be.md) _Context: Carly Fiorina, Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
2. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Carly Fiorina, Republicans_
3. [Jim Gilmore suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2016/02/12/jim-gilmore-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election, Republicans_
4. [2016 United States presidential election: Former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee announces that he is seeking the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/05/5/2016-united-states-presidential-election-former-governor-of-arkansas-mike-huckabee-announces-that-he-is-seeking-the-republican-party-nomina.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election, Republicans_
5. [Mark Hurd resigns as chief executive officer of computer company Hewlett-Packard following investigation of a sexual harassment claim. ](/news/2010/08/6/mark-hurd-resigns-as-chief-executive-officer-of-computer-company-hewlett-packard-following-investigation-of-a-sexual-harassment-claim.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
6. [ Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigns, a week after the aviation giant fires its Chief Financial Officer in an ethics scandal. The move comes as the company faces scrutiny by the Defense Department for a government plan to acquire Boeing 767 planes for use as refueling tankers and answers questions about the ousters of two executives for ethical misconduct during the period it was being negotiated. Former McDonnell Douglas CEO Harry Stonecipher will succeed Condit as CEO, while former Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Lewis Platt takes over as chairman. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=businessNews&storyID=412789&section=finance]](/news/2003/12/1/boeing-chairman-and-chief-executive-officer-phil-condit-resigns-a-week-after-the-aviation-giant-fires-its-chief-financial-officer-in-an-et.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
7. [A gunman opens fire at a Congressional Baseball practice, injuring five people, including United States Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA-01) who is in critical condition. Only Republicans were on the field at that time; Democrats had practiced earlier. The suspected gunman later died from injuries after exchanging gunfire with Capitol Police. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-congressional-baseball-practice-injuring-five-people-including-united-states-congressman-steve-scalise-r-la-01.md) _Context: Republicans_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republicans_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republicans_
10. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Republicans_
