### [2015-05-4](/news/2015/05/4/index.md)

# In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/golden-state-warriors-star-stephen-curry-wins-nba-151628590--spt.html)

### Related:

1. [ In basketball, Tim Duncan, who played his entire 19-season NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, where he won five NBA titles and two MVP awards, made 15 All-Star appearances and made the All-NBA first team 10 times, announces his retirement. ](/news/2016/07/11/in-basketball-tim-duncan-who-played-his-entire-19-season-nba-career-with-the-san-antonio-spurs-where-he-won-five-nba-titles-and-two-mvp.md) _Context: MVP, NBA, basketball_
2. [In basketball, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in seven games to win the 2016 NBA Championship. Cleveland, winning its first NBA title in the franchise's 45-year history, also became the first NBA team to rally from a 3-1 deficit and win the crown. Tonight's victory also ends the 52-year title drought of Cleveland's major sports teams; in 1964, the Cleveland Browns shut out the Baltimore Colts for the NFL title. Cleveland's LeBron James is unanimously voted the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, his third such award. ](/news/2016/06/19/in-basketball-the-cleveland-cavaliers-beat-the-golden-state-warriors-in-seven-games-to-win-the-2016-nba-championship-cleveland-winning-it.md) _Context: Golden State Warriors, basketball_
3. [In basketball, the visiting Boston Celtics defeat the Golden State Warriors, snapping the Warrior's 14-month, 54-game home win streak which leaves the San Antonio Spurs with the only undefeated home record this season. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-basketball-the-visiting-boston-celtics-defeat-the-golden-state-warriors-snapping-the-warrior-s-14-month-54-game-home-win-streak-which.md) _Context: Golden State Warriors, basketball_
4. [In basketball, the Golden State Warriors defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers 105-97 in Game 6 to secure their first title since 1975. Andre Iguodala is named the series MVP.  ](/news/2015/06/16/in-basketball-the-golden-state-warriors-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-105-97-in-game-6-to-secure-their-first-title-since-1975-andre-iguod.md) _Context: Golden State Warriors, basketball_
5. [Four-time NBA MVP LeBron James, who opted out of the final two years of his contract with the Miami Heat, announces that he will return to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he played for the first seven seasons of his NBA career. ](/news/2014/07/11/four-time-nba-mvp-lebron-james-who-opted-out-of-the-final-two-years-of-his-contract-with-the-miami-heat-announces-that-he-will-return-to-t.md) _Context: MVP, NBA_
6. [Basketball:In a reversal of recent reports, banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling withdraws his approval for the sale of the team to Steve Ballmer, and will pursue a US$1 billion lawsuit in federal court against the NBA and league commissioner Adam Silver. ](/news/2014/06/9/basketball-pin-a-reversal-of-recent-reports-banned-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-withdraws-his-approval-for-the-sale-of-the-te.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
7. [In North American basketball, the National Basketball Association holds its annual draft in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn with the Cleveland Cavaliers selecting Canadian Andrew Wiggins as the first pick. ](/news/2014/06/26/in-north-american-basketball-the-national-basketball-association-holds-its-annual-draft-in-the-barclays-center-in-brooklyn-with-the-clevela.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
8. [In basketball, David Blatt, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the Euroleague title this past season, has reportedly reached a deal to become the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt is the first Euroleague coach to become an NBA head coach. ](/news/2014/06/20/in-basketball-david-blatt-who-coached-maccabi-tel-aviv-to-the-euroleague-title-this-past-season-has-reportedly-reached-a-deal-to-become-t.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
9. [In basketball, the NBA announces that it has approved the US$2 billion bid of former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for the Los Angeles Clippers. The sale must still be approved by the league's owners, and banned Clippers owner Donald Sterling has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against the NBA. The sale price far exceeds the previous NBA record of $550 million paid for the Milwaukee Bucks earlier this year. ](/news/2014/05/30/in-basketball-the-nba-announces-that-it-has-approved-the-us-2-billion-bid-of-former-microsoft-ceo-steve-ballmer-for-the-los-angeles-clipper.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
10. [In basketball, the NBA team known as the Charlotte Bobcats since {{nbay|2004|start}} officially changes its name to the Charlotte Hornets. The team also reclaims the history and records of the franchise now known as the New Orleans Pelicans starting with the {{nbay|1988|app=season}} and ending with {{nbay|2001}}, a period in which that franchise played as the Charlotte Hornets. ](/news/2014/05/20/in-basketball-the-nba-team-known-as-the-charlotte-bobcats-since-nbay-2004-start-officially-changes-its-name-to-the-charlotte-hornets-t.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
