### [2015-05-4](/news/2015/05/4/index.md)

# It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. 

IN A fitting tribute to the “people’s princess”, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have named their daughter Charlotte Elizabeth Diana.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/entertainment/celebrity-life/royal-baby-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana/story-fnisprwn-1227335326733)

### Related:

1. [Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, returns home to cheering crowds after giving birth to her and the Duke's second child, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge, fourth in line to the throne behind her older brother, Prince George of Cambridge, at St Mary's Hospital, London. Many countries send congratulations. ](/news/2015/05/2/catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-returns-home-to-cheering-crowds-after-giving-birth-to-her-and-the-duke-s-second-child-princess-charlotte-o.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, Duke of Cambridge_
2. [The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announce they are expecting their first child. The baby could be third in line to the throne, after Prince Charles and Prince William. The Duchess is admitted to hospital with severe morning sickness. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-announce-they-are-expecting-their-first-child-the-baby-could-be-third-in-line-to-the-throne-after-prince.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge, Prince Charles_
3. [ Prince William, an officer in the Blues and Royals, laid a wreath for the first time by the Cenotaph as his grandmother The Queen and his father The Prince of Wales, looked on. ](/news/2007/11/11/prince-william-an-officer-in-the-blues-and-royals-laid-a-wreath-for-the-first-time-by-the-cenotaph-as-his-grandmother-the-queen-and-his-f.md) _Context: Duke of Cambridge, Elizabeth II, Prince Charles_
4. [Clarence House confirms that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. ](/news/2014/09/8/clarence-house-confirms-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-are-expecting-their-second-child.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
5. [A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
6. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles_
7. [Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge start a nine-day 2011 royal tour of Canada. ](/news/2011/06/30/prince-william-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-start-a-nine-day-2011-royal-tour-of-canada.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
8. [The wedding of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine Middleton takes place in Westminster Abbey; Middleton becomes HRH The Duchess of Cambridge. Police make at least 18 arrests along the wedding route in London. ](/news/2011/04/29/the-wedding-of-prince-william-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-middleton-takes-place-in-westminster-abbey-middleton-becomes-hrh-the-duchess.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
9. [Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton will be married by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams. ](/news/2011/01/5/clarence-house-confirms-that-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-will-be-married-by-the-archbishop-of-canterbury-dr-rowan-williams.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
10. [Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton are to be married at Westminster Abbey on Friday 29 April 2011. ](/news/2010/11/23/clarence-house-confirms-that-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-are-to-be-married-at-westminster-abbey-on-friday-29-april-2011.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
