
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/05/4/one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophe.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/05/4/one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophe.json)  [XML](/news/2015/05/4/one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophe.xml)  

### [2015-05-4](/news/2015/05/4/index.md)

##### Curtis Culwell Center attack
# One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. 




### Sources:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/04/us/garland-mohammed-drawing-contest-shooting/)

### Changes:

1. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/curtis-culwell-center-attack-one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:27 (First version)_
1. [One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophe.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: Two gunmen attacked the Curtis Culwell Center in the US city of Garland, Texas, which is holding an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunman were shot dead by police. Their car was found to contain no explosives. One security guard was hospitalized and is expected to recover. The attacks were reminiscent of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris in January 2015. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/05/3/curtis-culwell-center-attack-two-gunmen-attacked-the-curtis-culwell-center-in-the-us-city-of-garland-texas-which-is-holding-an-exhibition.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas, ISIL_
2. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: ISIS claims responsibility for the attack on an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad in the American city of Garland, Texas. One of the suspects was previously interrogated and surveilled by the FBI having visited Somalia, and both suspects praised ISIS in social media. ](/news/2015/05/5/curtis-culwell-center-attack-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-on-an-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophet-muhammad-in-the-american.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas_
3. [In a message on Twitter, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. will "simply" apply a tax on cars made in the European Union if the E.U. "further" increase tariffs. ](/news/2018/03/3/in-a-message-on-twitter-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-will-simply-apply-a-tax-on-cars-made-in-the-european-union-if-the-e-u.md) _Context: Twitter_
4. [Twitter, in response to criticism over its handling of U.S. President Donald Trump's account, says it will not block world leaders or remove their controversial tweets. ](/news/2018/01/5/twitter-in-response-to-criticism-over-its-handling-of-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-account-says-it-will-not-block-world-leaders-or-remove.md) _Context: Twitter_
5. [The Kabila government begins blocking internet access in the capital Kinshasa at midnight, after a Catholic lay group's call to march today, in defiance of a government ban on public demonstrations. A joint statement was released by the American and British embassies on Twitter the day prior, applauding "Congolese citizens exercising their constitutional right to assemble peacefully in support of the full implementation" of the Sylvester agreements of December 2016. The statement also said that those who do not protect these fundamental human rights must be held accountable "at the highest level". ](/news/2018/01/21/the-kabila-government-begins-blocking-internet-access-in-the-capital-kinshasa-at-midnight-after-a-catholic-lay-group-s-call-to-march-today.md) _Context: Twitter_
