### [2017-08-18](/news/2017/08/18/index.md)

# 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. 

The opposition-led parliament says the move will be rejected by Venezuelans.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-40983115)

### Related:

1. [United States-Venezuela relations. The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: National Constituent Assembly, Venezuela_
2. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly_
3. [Colombia-Venezuela relations. Censorship in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels, Caracol Television and RCN Television, off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
4. [Peru-Venezuela relations. Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peru-venezuela-relations-shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-deat.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
9. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
