### [2017-08-18](/news/2017/08/18/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Catalan police  in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-40971004)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the Spanish police hunting the chief suspect in last Thursday's van attack in Barcelona shoot dead a man to the west of the city who appeared to be wearing an explosive belt. ](/news/2017/08/21/aftermath-of-the-spanish-police-hunting-the-chief-suspect-in-last-thursday-s-van-attack-in-barcelona-shoot-dead-a-man-to-the-west-of-the-cit.md) _Context: van attack_
2. [A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-killing-at-least-12-peopl.md) _Context: van attack_
3. [Fights break out between alt-right protestors and left-wing counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-alt-right-protestors-and-left-wing-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-e.md) _Context: van attack_
4. [An attacker carries out a vehicle-ramming attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London, before stabbing a police officer and subsequently being shot by security forces. Including the attacker, there are at least four people dead. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-attacker-carries-out-a-vehicle-ramming-attack-outside-the-houses-of-parliament-in-london-before-stabbing-a-police-officer-and-subsequent.md) _Context: van attack_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalan_
6. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalan_
7. [The Catalan Parliament  passes a resolution calling for  the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-sa.md) _Context: Catalan_
8. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: Catalan_
9. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Catalan_
10. [Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend-s-election-that-saw-a-record-turnout-of.md) _Context: Catalan_
