### [2017-08-18](/news/2017/08/18/index.md)

# Political appointments by Donald Trump. Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. 

Steve Bannon has resigned from his role as White House chief strategist, the White House said today. A source close to Bannon told ABC News the resignation was effective Aug. 14, exactly one year after he joined the Trump campaign. &quot;White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/steve-bannon-white-house-chief-strategist/story?id=49295772)
2. [AP via ''Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/entertainment/celebrities/article167952232.html)
3. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2017/08/18/news/donald-trump-carl-icahn/index.html)
4. [India-West](http://www.indiawest.com/news/global_indian/kal-penn-jhumpa-lahiri-among-members-who-resign-from-trump/article_a23e4540-844f-11e7-9798-3be4036534a2.html)
5. [NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/18/us/politics/steve-bannon-trump-white-house.html)
6. [UPI](https://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2017/08/18/Presidential-arts-committee-resigns-en-masse-after-Charlottesville/6441503096571/)

### Related:

1. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
2. [Russia-United States relations. President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
3. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. Pastor A.R. Bernard becomes the first religious leader to resign from the president's evangelical advisory board. ](/news/2017/08/19/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-pastor-a-r-bernard-becomes-the-first-religious-leader-to-resign-from-the-president-s-evangelical-ad.md) _Context: Political appointments by Donald Trump, president_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
5. [CNN controversies. CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. ](/news/2017/07/28/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-homeland-security-secretary-john-f-kelly-will-be-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
8. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
9. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump nominates Mark Esper as Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2017/07/19/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-mark-esper-as-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
10. [Efforts to impeach Donald Trump. Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/efforts-to-impeach-donald-trump-representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-posi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, president_
