### [2017-08-18](/news/2017/08/18/index.md)

# Workers at two British McDonald's restaurants overwhelmingly vote to authorize a strike  over working conditions and the use of zero-hour contracts, which would be the first such labor action against the fast-food chain in the U.K. 

Workers at two restaurants in England have voted to strike in what would be the first industrial action taken against the fast-food chain in Britain


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-18/staff-at-two-u-k-mcdonald-s-restaurants-vote-for-first-strike)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/aug/18/mcdonalds-employees-vote-to-strike-over-pay-and-zero-hours-concerns)

### Related:

1. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
2. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
3. [Food safety incidents in China:McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/food-safety-incidents-in-china-pmcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-an.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
4. [2014 Crimean Crisis:McDonald's suspends work at all restaurant locations in Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/4/2014-crimean-crisis-pmcdonald-s-suspends-work-at-all-restaurant-locations-in-crimea.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
5. [Two members of the protest band Pussy Riot are left with chemical burns and head injuries after being attacked by a group of people in a McDonald's. ](/news/2014/03/6/two-members-of-the-protest-band-pussy-riot-are-left-with-chemical-burns-and-head-injuries-after-being-attacked-by-a-group-of-people-in-a-mcd.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
6. [McDonald's opens their first restaurant within Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City. ](/news/2014/02/8/mcdonald-s-opens-their-first-restaurant-within-vietnam-in-ho-chi-minh-city.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
7. [McDonald's announces that it will open its first outlet in Viet Nam early next year, which will be in Ho Chi Minh City, and will be operated by Henry Nguyen, a Vietnamese businessman and the son-in-law of Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung. ](/news/2013/07/16/mcdonald-s-announces-that-it-will-open-its-first-outlet-in-viet-nam-early-next-year-which-will-be-in-ho-chi-minh-city-and-will-be-operated.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
8. [Six people are wounded during a drive-by shooting outside a McDonald's restaurant in East Palo Alto, California, United States. ](/news/2013/05/5/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-drive-by-shooting-outside-a-mcdonald-s-restaurant-in-east-palo-alto-california-united-states.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
9. [McDonald's plans to open two fully vegetarian fast food restaurants at the pilgrimage sites of Vaishno Devi and Amritsar, north India. ](/news/2012/09/4/mcdonald-s-plans-to-open-two-fully-vegetarian-fast-food-restaurants-at-the-pilgrimage-sites-of-vaishno-devi-and-amritsar-north-india.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
10. [The stock for McDonald's rose 31 percent in 2011, the largest gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, while Bank of America fell 59 percent, the largest loss in the Dow Jones. ](/news/2011/12/30/the-stock-for-mcdonald-s-rose-31-percent-in-2011-the-largest-gain-in-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-while-bank-of-america-fell-59-percen.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
