### [2001-09-6](/news/2001/09/6/index.md)

#  United States v. Microsoft: The United States Justice Department announces that it was no longer seeking to break-up software maker Microsoft and will instead seek a lesser antitrust penalty.




### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court upholds a 2009 jury verdict in a patent dispute at the expense of software giant Microsoft in favor of Canadian company i4i. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-u-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-2009-jury-verdict-in-a-patent-dispute-at-the-expense-of-software-giant-microsoft-in-favor-of-canadian-compa.md) _Context: Microsoft, software_
2. [ Microsoft has announced that it is to make some concessions towards the proposed final settlement of the United States v. Microsoft case, ahead of the judge's verdict.](/news/2002/08/5/microsoft-has-announced-that-it-is-to-make-some-concessions-towards-the-proposed-final-settlement-of-the-united-states-v-microsoft-case-a.md) _Context: Microsoft, United States v. Microsoft_
3. [ United States v. Microsoft: Microsoft is ruled to have violated United States antitrust laws by keeping "an oppressive thumb" on its competitors.](/news/2000/04/3/united-states-v-microsoft-microsoft-is-ruled-to-have-violated-united-states-antitrust-laws-by-keeping-an-oppressive-thumb-on-its-compet.md) _Context: Microsoft, United States v. Microsoft_
4. [ United States v. Microsoft: US District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issues a preliminary ruling that the software company Microsoft had "monopoly power" (on April 3, 2000, Jackson found that Microsoft violated the Sherman Anti-Trust Act).](/news/1999/11/5/united-states-v-microsoft-us-district-judge-thomas-penfield-jackson-issues-a-preliminary-ruling-that-the-software-company-microsoft-had.md) _Context: Microsoft, United States v. Microsoft_
5. [Microsoft Paint: Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/microsoft-paint-amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its.md) _Context: Microsoft_
6. [Microsoft Paint: Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-paint-microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Microsoft agrees to buy professional networking site LinkedIn for $26.2 billion (GBP18 billion). ](/news/2016/06/13/microsoft-agrees-to-buy-professional-networking-site-linkedin-for-26-2-billion-agbp18-billion.md) _Context: Microsoft_
9. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Los Angeles Times". Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily "USA Today" as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the "Orange County Register" was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: antitrust challenge_
