### [2014-03-27](/news/2014/03/27/index.md)

# 2014 Ukrainian revolution:The interim government of Ukraine agrees to increase natural gas prices for domestic consumers by 50% in order to secure an aid package from the IMF. 

As prime minister warns Ukrainians of pain ahead, IMF pledges $18B to prop up sinking economy


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/imf-ukraine-18b-arseniy-yatsenyuk-warns-nation-on-brink-of-bankruptcy/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-26758788)

### Related:

1. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
2. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives  and the International Monetary Fund  and other international partners on a  three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
6. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
