### [2006-02-25](/news/2006/02/25/index.md)

#  Paintings by Picasso, Dali, Matisse and Monet are stolen from a museum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4749756.stm)

### Related:

1. [2012 Kunsthal Art theft:Romanian investigators find the remains of paint, canvas and nails in the oven of a woman whose son is charged with stealing seven paintings by Picasso, Monet and Matisse from the Kunsthal gallery in October 2012. ](/news/2013/07/18/2012-kunsthal-art-theft-promanian-investigators-find-the-remains-of-paint-canvas-and-nails-in-the-oven-of-a-woman-whose-son-is-charged-with.md) _Context: Matisse, Monet, Picasso_
2. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [Human rights abuse victims during the regime of Ferdinand Marcos stake a claim on auction proceeds from Imelda Marcos' art collection, which includes pieces by Michelangelo, Monet, Van Gogh, and Picasso. ](/news/2016/04/15/human-rights-abuse-victims-during-the-regime-of-ferdinand-marcos-stake-a-claim-on-auction-proceeds-from-imelda-marcos-art-collection-which.md) _Context: Monet, Picasso_
7. [Alleged Brazil serial killer, Sailson Jose das Gracas, confesses to 42 murders in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/12/11/alleged-brazil-serial-killer-sailson-jose-das-gracas-confesses-to-42-murders-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [German art collector Cornelius Gurlitt dies at the age of 81. More than 1400 works, suspected of being looted by the Nazis around World War II, were found in his possession in 2012, including pieces by Picasso and Matisse. ](/news/2014/05/6/german-art-collector-cornelius-gurlitt-dies-at-the-age-of-81-more-than-1400-works-suspected-of-being-looted-by-the-nazis-around-world-war.md) _Context: Matisse, Picasso_
9. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
