### [2006-02-25](/news/2006/02/25/index.md)

#  The search for coal miners trapped in the Pasta de Conchos mine disaster in Mexico is suspended due to toxic levels of natural gas. The 65 trapped miners are presumed dead. 




### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-briefs26.2feb26,1,2564150.story?ctrack=1&cset=true)

### Related:

1. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak: An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials.md) _Context: natural gas_
2. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak: A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [Twelve coal miners are killed following a gas leak in a mine near the Chinese city of Baishan in Jilin province. ](/news/2016/03/6/twelve-coal-miners-are-killed-following-a-gas-leak-in-a-mine-near-the-chinese-city-of-baishan-in-jilin-province.md) _Context: coal miners_
6. [Aliso Canyon gas leak: Southern California Gas Company caps, at least temporarily, the natural gas leak that started last October and has forced thousands to flee their homes. ](/news/2016/02/11/aliso-canyon-gas-leak-southern-california-gas-company-caps-at-least-temporarily-the-natural-gas-leak-that-started-last-october-and-has-fo.md) _Context: natural gas_
7. [China's Foreign Ministry announces French journalist Ursula Gauthier of news magazine L'Obs would not be issued press credentials for 2016, effectively expelling her at the end of month. Gauthier allegedly made speculative reports on the deadly attack at a coal mine in Xinjiang. ](/news/2015/12/26/china-s-foreign-ministry-announces-french-journalist-ursula-gauthier-of-news-magazine-l-obs-would-not-be-issued-press-credentials-for-2016.md) _Context: coal miners_
8. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [Sinai insurgency: Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [The European Union opens an antitrust case against Russian gas giant Gazprom which supplies most of Central and eastern Europe with supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-european-union-opens-an-antitrust-case-against-russian-gas-giant-gazprom-which-supplies-most-of-central-and-eastern-europe-with-supplies.md) _Context: natural gas_
