### [2012-03-1](/news/2012/03/1/index.md)

# European Union summit:European Union leaders meet to discuss Europe's economic problems and to reappoint Herman Van Rompuy as the President of the European Council. 

European Union leaders argued on Thursday over the right balance between budget austerity and reviving lost growth at the first summit for two years in which the euro zone debt crisis did not eclipse all else.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/02/world/europe/serbia-is-candidate-for-european-union.html)
2. [Reuters via ''the Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/business/world-business/eu-argues-over-balance-of-austerity-and-growth-20120302-1u6ql.html)

### Related:

1. [ European Union / Three new positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon: The Prime Minister of Belgium, Herman Van Rompuy, is chosen as the first permanent President of the European Council by European Union leaders. ](/news/2009/11/19/european-union-three-new-positions-created-by-the-treaty-of-lisbon-p-the-prime-minister-of-belgium-herman-van-rompuy-is-chosen-as-the-f.md) _Context: European Union, Herman Van Rompuy, President of the European Council_
2. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: European Union, President of the European Council_
4. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
5. [The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya-threatens-to-send-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
6. [Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turkey-did-not-attend-the-pri.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
7. [The European Union and Turkey reach an agreement for Turkey to stem the flow of migrants into Europe in return for a PS3bn aid package, easier visa conditions and re-energised talks to join the bloc. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-european-union-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-for-turkey-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-into-europe-in-return-for-a-aps3bn-aid-package-easi.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
8. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
9. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
10. [President Herman Van Rompuy predicts the possible collapse of the European Union but then says "I'm very confident we will overcome this". ](/news/2010/11/16/president-herman-van-rompuy-predicts-the-possible-collapse-of-the-european-union-but-then-says-i-m-very-confident-we-will-overcome-this.md) _Context: European Union, Herman Van Rompuy_
