### [2016-12-5](/news/2016/12/5/index.md)

# 2016 United States presidential election recounts. A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. 

Michigan must begin its presidential recount at noon Monday, a federal judge ruled in a late-night order that could make it more likely the state will complete


### Source:

1. [The San Diego Union-Tribune](http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/us-politics/ct-michigan-recount-20161204-story.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eas.md) _Context: Mark A. Goldsmith, Michigan_
2. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Mark A. Goldsmith_
3. [Immigration to the United States. A judge in Michigan halts the possible deportation of over 100 Chaldean Iraqi Christians. ](/news/2017/06/22/immigration-to-the-united-states-a-judge-in-michigan-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-over-100-chaldean-iraqi-christians.md) _Context: Michigan_
4. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Michigan_
5. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Michigan_
6. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts_
7. [Flint water crisis. A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/flint-water-crisis-a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in.md) _Context: Michigan_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Jill Stein's bid to force a recount of the presidential election results in the state of Pennsylvania is rejected by a federal judge. ](/news/2016/12/12/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-s-bid-to-force-a-recount-of-the-presidential-election-results-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts_
10. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Reform candidate Rocky de la Fuente files for a sample recount in parts of Nevada. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-reform-candidate-rocky-de-la-fuente-files-for-a-sample-recount-in-parts-of-nevada.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts_
