### [2016-12-5](/news/2016/12/5/index.md)

# Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  

Death toll hits 36 in state’s worst structure fire since 1906 The toll in what is believed to be the deadliest structure fire in California in more than a century hit 36 on Monday, but there were indications that rescuers were near the end of the grim task of removing bodies from the ruins of a converted Oakland warehouse. The updated count came on a day when Oakland firefighters and Alameda County sheriff’s deputies had to be especially wary of the possibility of wreckage collapsing on them as they hunted for additional victims and evidence for a criminal investigation into the Friday-night fire. Investigators believe they have found the spot where the blaze began inside the Ghost Ship, a live-work space that city officials say lacked permits for either residential use or entertainment such as the electronic music show that drew many of the victims Friday night. At about 10 p.m. Sunday, investigators from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives asked firefighters to cordon off a wall at the center-rear of the building at 31st Avenue and International Boulevard. “We now feel very strongly that we have the section of the building that was the area of origin of where the fire started,” said Battalion Chief Melinda Drayton of the Oakland Fire Department. Witnesses said that when smoke and flames began surging through the building, some concertgoers stayed on the second floor, thinking they might be safer there. People held up cell phones, plastic candles and other light sources, but avoided candles in honor of the victims. “Look around us — the support is overwhelming,” said Todd Glieden, 50, of Castro Valley, who came to the lake to offer support for several friends who knew fire victims. “The fire was horrendous,” said the Rev. Cameron Partridge, 43, a transgender priest at San Francisco’s St. Aidan’s Episcopal Church, as he stood next to an ornate tapestry surrounded by homemade signs with the names of the missing and dead. The number of victims recovered from the gutted warehouse building grew by three on Sunday night, but work on retrieving more bodies was stopped around midnight because of a “wobbly” wall that made the situation dangerous for firefighters and deputies, Drayton said. Drayton said workers on the roof of a building next door had noticed the front wall of the warehouse tilting inward by about 3 inches near a parapet of the structure. Sgt. Ray Kelly, a sheriff’s spokesman, said the building took on a lot of water during Friday’s firefight, which added more weight and raised the possibility of an “avalanche” situation of debris. Search teams have combed through three-quarters of the ruins, and the last part of the search is focusing on the upper front portion of the warehouse. President Obama weighed in on the disaster Monday, saying his administration was working “to make sure that authorities have everything they need as they continue response operations and investigate the cause of the fire.” “While we still don’t know the full toll of this disaster, we do know that an American community has been devastated, and many people — including young men and women with their whole futures ahead of them — have tragically lost their lives,” Obama said in a statement. Oakland is one of the most diverse and creative cities in our country, and as families and residents pull together in the wake of this awful tragedy, they will have the unwavering support of the American people. The developments came one day after District Attorney Nancy O’Malley deployed a criminal investigation team in response to the blaze, which happened in a building that officials said had city permits only for use as a warehouse. Many among the scores of revelers at the music show described a tangled and makeshift interior that turned exit routes into a deadly, confusing maze as the flames and smoke spread. Among the dead was Draven McGill, the 17-year-old son of a deputy for the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office, the agency in charge of recovering and examining bodies from the scene. Memorials near the burned warehouse grew overnight, with dozens of candles, bouquets, handwritten signs, a beer bottle and a whiskey bottle left on street corners.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Arizona Daily Star](http://tucson.com/news/national/the-latest-sheriff-says-more-bodies-not-likely-in-fire/article_2f1d48a3-e856-5493-9c96-4a6b1dd5b562.html)
2. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Death-toll-from-Oakland-warehouse-fire-rises-to-36-10691827.php)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
2. [The confirmed death toll in Friday night's warehouse fire in Oakland, California rises to 33 with several people still missing. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-confirmed-death-toll-in-friday-night-s-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california-rises-to-33-with-several-people-still-missing.md) _Context: 2016 Oakland warehouse fire_
3. [Recovery efforts continue in the US city of Oakland, California, after a fire at a music party in a converted warehouse kills at least nine people with dozens missing. ](/news/2016/12/3/recovery-efforts-continue-in-the-us-city-of-oakland-california-after-a-fire-at-a-music-party-in-a-converted-warehouse-kills-at-least-nine.md) _Context: 2016 Oakland warehouse fire_
4. [At least nine people are killed and 40 are missing in a warehouse fire in Oakland, California. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-40-are-missing-in-a-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: 2016 Oakland warehouse fire_
5. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
6. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [ Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-one-day-after-30-soldiers-died-the-associated-press-reports-reb.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [While South Korea prepares for the 2018 Winter Olympics, the Associated Press reports the country has covered up widespread human rights violations, including rapes and murders, when it swept so-called vagrants off the streets in the years prior to the 1988 Games in Seoul. Thousands of victims have received no compensation, nor public recognition nor an apology. The AP says two early attempts to investigate were suppressed by senior officials and the current government refuses to  revisit the case and is blocking a push by an opposition lawmaker. ](/news/2016/04/19/while-south-korea-prepares-for-the-2018-winter-olympics-the-associated-press-reports-the-country-has-covered-up-widespread-human-rights-vio.md) _Context: Associated Press_
