## [2016-12-5](/news/2016/12/5/index.md)

### [ At least 31 are killed in clashes in Kasai, DR Congo. ](/news/2016/12/5/at-least-31-are-killed-in-clashes-in-kasai-dr-congo.md)
Clashes between a tribal militia and security forces in a province of central Congo killed at least 31 people at the weekend, its vice governor said on Monday.

### [ Two Russian army medics are killed after around a dozen shells hit a mobile hospital in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/5/two-russian-army-medics-are-killed-after-around-a-dozen-shells-hit-a-mobile-hospital-in-aleppo.md)
The Russian Foreign Ministry has criticized western leaders after none appeared to condemn the shelling of a mobile Russian hospital by militants in Syria. Two Russian medics were killed after around a dozen of shells hit the facility in Aleppo.

### [  Police report 14 suspected criminals, who attacked a police patrol, are killed in a  gunbattle with police and Mexican Marines in Veracruz, Mexico. An unknown number fled. ](/news/2016/12/5/police-report-14-suspected-criminals-who-attacked-a-police-patrol-are-killed-in-a-gunbattle-with-police-and-mexican-marines-in-veracruz.md)
_Context: Mexican Marines, Mexican war on drugs, Mexico, Veracruz_

### [Alaska Airlines cancels 20 flights into and out of Seattle due to inclement weather forecast in the Pacific Northwest area. ](/news/2016/12/5/alaska-airlines-cancels-20-flights-into-and-out-of-seattle-due-to-inclement-weather-forecast-in-the-pacific-northwest-area.md)
_Context: Alaska Airlines, Pacific Northwest, Seattle_

### [At least 12 people are killed and 75 others injured as a fire erupts in Karachi's Regent Plaza Hotel. ](/news/2016/12/5/at-least-12-people-are-killed-and-75-others-injured-as-a-fire-erupts-in-karachi-s-regent-plaza-hotel.md)
Most of the victims suffered from smoke inhalation or suffocated

### [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additi.md)
Death toll hits 36 in state’s worst structure fire since 1906 The toll in what is believed to be the deadliest structure fire in California in more than a century hit 36 on Monday, but there were indications that rescuers were near the end of the grim task of removing bodies from the ruins of a converted Oakland warehouse. The updated count came on a day when Oakland firefighters and Alameda County sheriff’s deputies had to be especially wary of the possibility of wreckage collapsing on them as they hunted for additional victims and evidence for a criminal investigation into the Friday-night fire. Investigators believe they have found the spot where the blaze began inside the Ghost Ship, a live-work space that city officials say lacked permits for either residential use or entertainment such as the electronic music show that drew many of the victims Friday night. At about 10 p.m. Sunday, investigators from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives asked firefighters to cordon off a wall at the center-rear of the building at 31st Avenue and International Boulevard. “We now feel very strongly that we have the section of the building that was the area of origin of where the fire started,” said Battalion Chief Melinda Drayton of the Oakland Fire Department. Witnesses said that when smoke and flames began surging through the building, some concertgoers stayed on the second floor, thinking they might be safer there. People held up cell phones, plastic candles and other light sources, but avoided candles in honor of the victims. “Look around us — the support is overwhelming,” said Todd Glieden, 50, of Castro Valley, who came to the lake to offer support for several friends who knew fire victims. “The fire was horrendous,” said the Rev. Cameron Partridge, 43, a transgender priest at San Francisco’s St. Aidan’s Episcopal Church, as he stood next to an ornate tapestry surrounded by homemade signs with the names of the missing and dead. The number of victims recovered from the gutted warehouse building grew by three on Sunday night, but work on retrieving more bodies was stopped around midnight because of a “wobbly” wall that made the situation dangerous for firefighters and deputies, Drayton said. Drayton said workers on the roof of a building next door had noticed the front wall of the warehouse tilting inward by about 3 inches near a parapet of the structure. Sgt. Ray Kelly, a sheriff’s spokesman, said the building took on a lot of water during Friday’s firefight, which added more weight and raised the possibility of an “avalanche” situation of debris. Search teams have combed through three-quarters of the ruins, and the last part of the search is focusing on the upper front portion of the warehouse. President Obama weighed in on the disaster Monday, saying his administration was working “to make sure that authorities have everything they need as they continue response operations and investigate the cause of the fire.” “While we still don’t know the full toll of this disaster, we do know that an American community has been devastated, and many people — including young men and women with their whole futures ahead of them — have tragically lost their lives,” Obama said in a statement. Oakland is one of the most diverse and creative cities in our country, and as families and residents pull together in the wake of this awful tragedy, they will have the unwavering support of the American people. The developments came one day after District Attorney Nancy O’Malley deployed a criminal investigation team in response to the blaze, which happened in a building that officials said had city permits only for use as a warehouse. Many among the scores of revelers at the music show described a tangled and makeshift interior that turned exit routes into a deadly, confusing maze as the flames and smoke spread. Among the dead was Draven McGill, the 17-year-old son of a deputy for the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office, the agency in charge of recovering and examining bodies from the scene. Memorials near the burned warehouse grew overnight, with dozens of candles, bouquets, handwritten signs, a beer bottle and a whiskey bottle left on street corners.

### [ The chief minister of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, Jayalalithaa, dies of cardiac arrest after being hospitalized since 22 September 2016. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-jayalalithaa-dies-of-cardiac-arrest-after-being-hospitalized-since-22-september-2016.md)
Dismissing the reports as &quot;totally baseless and false&quot;, Apollo asked news channels to rectify their &quot;mistake&quot;.

### [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md)
John Key has resigned as New Zealand&#039;s prime minister in a sudden announcement.

### [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md)
_Context: Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President, parliamentary review_

### [ A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. ](/news/2016/12/5/a-federal-judge-in-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-rules-that-a-recount-in-the-presidential-election-vote-in-that-state-must-begin-on-monday.md)
Michigan must begin its presidential recount at noon Monday, a federal judge ruled in a late-night order that could make it more likely the state will complete

### [President-elect Donald Trump nominates Ben Carson for United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. ](/news/2016/12/5/president-elect-donald-trump-nominates-ben-carson-for-united-states-secretary-of-housing-and-urban-development.md)
President-elect’s former rival for Republican presidential nomination says he can help in ‘making our inner cities great for everyone’

### [ Following the result of the constitutional referendum, Matteo Renzi will resign from his office as Prime Minister of Italy. With most ballots counted, the "No" vote leads with 60%.  ](/news/2016/12/5/following-the-result-of-the-constitutional-referendum-matteo-renzi-will-resign-from-his-office-as-prime-minister-of-italy-with-most-ballo.md)
_Context: Italian Prime Minister, Italian constitutional referendum, 2016, Matteo Renzi, the "No" vote_

### [Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination-he-will-step-down-as-pm-on-tuesday.md)
_Context: French presidential election, 2017, Manuel Valls, PS, Prime Minister_

### [Tests,  by a  team of international archaeologists,   of mummified legs  found in QV66 in Egypt's Valley of the Queens indicate they most likely  belong to  Queen Nefertari, Pharaoh Ramesses II's first and favorite wife.  ](/news/2016/12/5/tests-by-a-team-of-international-archaeologists-of-mummified-legs-found-in-qv66-in-egypt-s-valley-of-the-queens-indicate-they-most-li.md)
A team of international archaeologists believe a pair of mummified legs on display in an Italian museum may belong to Egyptian Queen Nefertari - the favourite wife of the pharaoh Ramses II.

## [Previous Day...](/news/2016/12/4/index.md)

