### [2012-08-18](/news/2012/08/18/index.md)

# The Treasury Committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom releases the first volume of a planned two-volume report on the LIBOR fixing scandal. 




### Source:

1. [Commons Committees](http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/treasury/Fixing%20LIBOR_%20some%20preliminary%20findings%20-%20VOL%20I.pdf)

### Related:

1. [Libor scandal. Deutsche Bank pays $2.5 billion to settle an investigation by the United States and the United Kingdom related to manipulation of the Libor or London Interbank Offered Rate. It will also plead guilty in a US court case. ](/news/2015/04/23/libor-scandal-deutsche-bank-pays-2-5-billion-to-settle-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-related-to-manipulatio.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
2. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
3. [Former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond is set to be paid about GBP2m ($3m) in July, a year after he left the bank following its Libor interest rate fixing scandal. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-barclays-chief-executive-bob-diamond-is-set-to-be-paid-about-agbp2m-3m-in-july-a-year-after-he-left-the-bank-following-its-libor.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
4. [Authorities in the United States and United Kingdom fine The Royal Bank of Scotland more than $612 million for its role in manipulating the London Interbank Offered Rate or Libor. ](/news/2013/02/6/authorities-in-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-fine-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-more-than-612-million-for-its-role-in-manipulating-the.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
5. [Banking giant UBS is fined $1.5 billion for attempting to manipulate the Libor interbank lending rate, becoming the second international bank, after Barclays, to be fined over the Libor scandal. ](/news/2012/12/19/banking-giant-ubs-is-fined-1-5-billion-for-attempting-to-manipulate-the-libor-interbank-lending-rate-becoming-the-second-international-ban.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
6. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
9. [Military intervention against ISIL. British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
10. [West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
