### [2011-03-6](/news/2011/03/6/index.md)

# India successfully conducts an interceptor missile test over the Bay of Bengal. 




### Source:

1. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/india-testfires-interceptor-missile/758570/)
2. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/Asia/Story/STIStory_642079.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favour of Bangladesh in a border dispute with India over the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-united-nations-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favour-of-bangladesh-in-a-border-dispute-with-india-over-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: Bay of Bengal, India_
2. [ India successfully test-fires supersonic cruise missile BrahMos for the first time from a mobile universal vertical launcher fitted on a naval warship in the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2008/12/18/india-successfully-test-fires-supersonic-cruise-missile-brahmos-for-the-first-time-from-a-mobile-universal-vertical-launcher-fitted-on-a-na.md) _Context: Bay of Bengal, India_
3. [ Dozens are killed and hundreds missing in India and Bangladesh after heavy rainstorms in the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2006/09/20/dozens-are-killed-and-hundreds-missing-in-india-and-bangladesh-after-heavy-rainstorms-in-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: Bay of Bengal, India_
4. [ India's test-firing of a nuclear-capable IRBM, Agni III, is unsuccessful after plunging into the Bay of Bengal after going 12 km, 8 mi, or about 5 minutes, then losing altitude.  Pakistan was notified prior to the test per treaty with India. ](/news/2006/07/10/india-s-test-firing-of-a-nuclear-capable-irbm-agni-iii-is-unsuccessful-after-plunging-into-the-bay-of-bengal-after-going-12-km-8-mi-or.md) _Context: Bay of Bengal, India_
5. [ At least 50 people die following a series of storms and floods that hit the Bay of Bengal in Bangladesh and India; many more are missing, and officials fear for the safety of over a hundred fishermen. ](/news/2005/09/21/at-least-50-people-die-following-a-series-of-storms-and-floods-that-hit-the-bay-of-bengal-in-bangladesh-and-india-many-more-are-missing-a.md) _Context: Bay of Bengal, India_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
