### [2011-03-6](/news/2011/03/6/index.md)

# ''The Washington Post'' reports that the military forces imprisoned alleged whistleblower Bradley Manning to strip each night and sleep naked, having confiscated his boxers earlier this week following Manning's protest that restrictions imposed on him were "absurd". A spokesperson for the facility denies "any sort of humiliation or embarrassment" is intended. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/03/05/AR2011030503686.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, whistleblower_
2. [U.S. soldier Bradley Manning, the alleged whistleblower who is thought to have revealed secret U.S. government documents to the international public, is reported to be held in solitary confinement awaiting trial by the United States for seven months now, treatment which the United Nations deems a form of torture when used for such prolonged periods. ](/news/2011/02/1/u-s-soldier-bradley-manning-the-alleged-whistleblower-who-is-thought-to-have-revealed-secret-u-s-government-documents-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, whistleblower_
3. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, whistleblower_
4. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in ''Washington Post'' reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard  him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-ov.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-tu.md) _Context: Washington Post_
6. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Washington Post_
8. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
9. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres  (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital  where at least 30 were killed.  Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged  with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives.  According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had  been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doc.md) _Context: Washington Post_
10. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: whistleblower_
