### [2017-08-10](/news/2017/08/10/index.md)

#  North Korea - United States relations;  North Korea threatens the United States of America with genocide, and states its intentions to turn five million of its population into suicide bombers. ([http://www.news.com.au/finance/work/leaders/north-korea-threatens-to-turn-young-people-into-5-million-human-bullets/news-story/905b7408d017beb4c6d6abffbdc198bc News.com.au])




### Related:

1. [North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: North Korea, United States of America, genocide_
2. [ Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong says North Korea is ready to halt  nuclear tests if the United States suspends its annual military exercises with South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/23/foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-says-north-korea-is-ready-to-halt-nuclear-tests-if-the-united-states-suspends-its-annual-military-exercises-wi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea - United States relations_
3. [North Korea-United States relations:North Korea withdraws an invitation to a United States envoy to discuss the release of Kenneth Bae. ](/news/2014/02/10/north-korea-united-states-relations-pnorth-korea-withdraws-an-invitation-to-a-united-states-envoy-to-discuss-the-release-of-kenneth-bae.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea - United States relations_
4. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: North Korea, United States of America_
5. [North Korea threatens to attack American military bases in Japan in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-52 bombers in joint military drills with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/21/north-korea-threatens-to-attack-american-military-bases-in-japan-in-response-to-the-use-of-nuclear-capable-b-52-bombers-in-joint-military-dr.md) _Context: North Korea, United States of America_
6. [North Korea authorities announce a new nuclear weapon and long range missile test, threatening their publicly manifested arch-enemy, the United States, as their primary target. ](/news/2013/01/24/north-korea-authorities-announce-a-new-nuclear-weapon-and-long-range-missile-test-threatening-their-publicly-manifested-arch-enemy-the-uni.md) _Context: North Korea, United States of America_
7. [North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: North Korea_
