### [2008-09-14](/news/2008/09/14/index.md)

#  2008 Thai political crisis: The Acting Prime Minister of Thailand Somchai Wongsawat lifts a state of emergency in place since September 2. 

The acting prime minister of Thailand has lifted a state of emergency in the capital that was imposed on Sept. 2 amid an ongoing political crisis.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/14/world/asia/14bangkok.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:: The Prime Minister of Thailand, Somchai Wongsawat, declares a state of emergency to allow police to clear Bangkok's two international airports of protesters. ](/news/2008/11/28/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-somchai-wongsawat-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-allow-police-to-clear-bang.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Somchai Wongsawat, assemble, state of emergency_
2. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: Somchai Wongsawat has been elected as the next Prime Minister of Thailand by the National Assembly of Thailand with King Bhumibol Adulyadej having to endorse the selection. ](/news/2008/09/17/2008-thai-political-crisis-somchai-wongsawat-has-been-elected-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-thailand-by-the-national-assembly-of-thailand.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
3. [ Thai political crisis:: Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva declares a state of emergency in Bangkok and its surrounding areas. ](/news/2009/04/12/thai-political-crisis-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-and-its-surrounding-areas.md) _Context: Prime Minister, state of emergency_
4. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:: The government declares a state of emergency over two airports. ](/news/2008/11/27/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-government-declares-a-state-of-emergency-over-two-airports.md) _Context: assemble, state of emergency_
5. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:: The People's Alliance for Democracy claims to be in complete control of Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok's international airport. [http://www.smh.com.au/news/travel/protesters-we-control-bangkok-airport/2008/11/26/1227491584334.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1 (Sydney Morning Herald)]: Thai authorities evacuate thousands of passengers from Suvarnabhumi Airport. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/11/26/2430615.htm (ABC News Australia)]: Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat rejects calls for election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7750737.stm BBC News] adde](/news/2008/11/26/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-claims-to-be-in-complete-control-of-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-s-intern.md) _Context: Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
6. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:: About 10,000 protesters from the People's Alliance for Democracy surround Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat's temporary office at Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand. ](/news/2008/11/25/2008-thai-political-crisis-about-10-000-protesters-from-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-surround-prime-minister-somchai-wongsawat-s-t.md) _Context: Somchai Wongsawat, assemble_
7. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:: Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej declares a state of emergency in Bangkok after clashes between groups of pro- and anti-government protesters resulted in one death and 43 injuries. ](/news/2008/09/2/2008-thai-political-crisis-thai-prime-minister-samak-sundaravej-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-after-clashes-between-groups-of.md) _Context: assemble, state of emergency_
8. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: state of emergency_
10. [Tornadoes of 2017: Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: state of emergency_
