### [2008-09-14](/news/2008/09/14/index.md)

#  The National Party of Western Australia indicates that it will support the Liberal Party of Australia in forming a minority government in Western Australia. Liberal leader, Colin Barnett, becomes the Premier-elect and incumbent Premier Alan Carpenter of the Australian Labor Party concedes defeat. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,24343987-12377,00.html)

### Related:

1. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party, Premier_
2. [ Colin Barnett is sworn in as the 29th Premier of Western Australia. ](/news/2008/09/23/colin-barnett-is-sworn-in-as-the-29th-premier-of-western-australia.md) _Context: Colin Barnett, Premier, Western Australia_
3. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party_
4. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party, minority government_
5. [Voters in the state of Western Australia go to the polls for a state election with the coalition government of Colin Barnett winning a convincing victory. ](/news/2013/03/9/voters-in-the-state-of-western-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-coalition-government-of-colin-barnett-winning-a-convi.md) _Context: Colin Barnett, Western Australia_
6. [The Australian Greens agree to support a Gillard Labor minority government as negotiations continue to form a government after the recent election. ](/news/2010/09/1/the-australian-greens-agree-to-support-a-gillard-labor-minority-government-as-negotiations-continue-to-form-a-government-after-the-recent-el.md) _Context: Labor Party, minority government_
7. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party_
8. [ In Australia's One Nation Party case, it has been revealed that Federal Cabinet Minister Tony Abbott controlled "slush funds" which were used to lay the groundwork for party leader Pauline Hanson's prosecution, and to guarantee a private lawsuit against the party. Liberal ranks split as Abbot's colleague Bronwyn Bishop joined many Labor MPs in calling for disclosure of his role in the case, and described Hanson as a "political prisoner". Remarkably, the nearly defunct One Nation Party's support surged to 21% on news of Hanson's imprisonment.](/news/2003/08/25/in-australia-s-one-nation-party-case-it-has-been-revealed-that-federal-cabinet-minister-tony-abbott-controlled-slush-funds-which-were-us.md) _Context: Labor Party, Liberal Party_
9. [The night parrot is confirmed sighted (and photographed) in Western Australia for first time in nearly 100 years. ](/news/2017/03/23/the-night-parrot-is-confirmed-sighted-and-photographed-in-western-australia-for-first-time-in-nearly-100-years.md) _Context: Western Australia_
10. [Incumbent Australian Senator Cory Bernardi defects from the centre-right Liberal Party of Australia to establish his own minor party, the Australian Conservatives. ](/news/2017/02/7/incumbent-australian-senator-cory-bernardi-defects-from-the-centre-right-liberal-party-of-australia-to-establish-his-own-minor-party-the-au.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
