### [2002-09-3](/news/2002/09/3/index.md)

#  2002 US Open: Lindsay Davenport defeated Yelena Bovina to advance to the semi-finals against the winner of Serena Williams vs. Daniela Hantuchov; Monica Seles defeated Martina Hingis to advance to the quarter-finals against Venus Williams.




### Related:

1. [ 2002 US Open: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams.](/news/2002/09/7/2002-us-open-serena-williams-defeats-venus-williams.md) _Context: 2002 US Open, Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
2. [Serena Williams defeats her sister Venus Williams 6-4, 6-4 to win the women's singles and an Open era-record 23rd Grand Slam singles title. ](/news/2017/01/28/serena-williams-defeats-her-sister-venus-williams-6-4-6-4-to-win-the-women-s-singles-and-an-open-era-record-23rd-grand-slam-singles-title.md) _Context: Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
3. [Indian Wells (California)  CEO and tennis tournament director Raymond Moore resigns following reactions of outrage, including by top-ranked Serena Williams and retired legend Martina Navratilova, to his comment that top-level women's players rode "on the coattails of the men" and were "very, very lucky" to have equal prize money. This is the event's second controversy involving female players. Serena and her sister Venus boycotted the tournament (also known as the BNP Paribas Open) until 2015 following verbal abuse directed toward the sisters in the 2001 open. ](/news/2016/03/22/indian-wells-california-ceo-and-tennis-tournament-director-raymond-moore-resigns-following-reactions-of-outrage-including-by-top-ranked.md) _Context: Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
4. [ Serena Williams wins the women's singles at the 2009 Wimbledon Championships after defeating her sister, Venus Williams. ](/news/2009/07/4/serena-williams-wins-the-women-s-singles-at-the-2009-wimbledon-championships-after-defeating-her-sister-venus-williams.md) _Context: Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
5. [ Venus Williams defeats sister Serena 7-5, 6-4 at the 2008 Wimbledon Championships Ladies' Final. ](/news/2008/07/5/venus-williams-defeats-sister-serena-7-5-6-4-at-the-2008-wimbledon-championships-ladies-final.md) _Context: Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
6. [ Former World No.1 Venus Williams comes back from match point down to defeat Lindsay Davenport in the longest ever Wimbledon Ladies' final of all time (4-6 7-6 9-7) for her third Wimbledon title and her first Grand Slam title since September 2001.](/news/2005/07/2/former-world-no-1-venus-williams-comes-back-from-match-point-down-to-defeat-lindsay-davenport-in-the-longest-ever-wimbledon-ladies-final-o.md) _Context: Lindsay Davenport, Venus Williams_
7. [ Wimbledon championships: Serena Williams repeats as women's champion by beating her sister Venus, by scores of 4-6, 6-4, 6-2.](/news/2003/07/5/wimbledon-championships-serena-williams-repeats-as-women-s-champion-by-beating-her-sister-venus-by-scores-of-4a6-6a4-6a2.md) _Context: Serena Williams, Venus Williams_
8. [In tennis, American defending champion Serena Williams defeats Angelique Kerber of Germany in straight sets to win her seventh Wimbledon Championships title and her 22nd Grand Slam title, tying the Open era record held by Steffi Graf. ](/news/2016/07/9/in-tennis-american-defending-champion-serena-williams-defeats-angelique-kerber-of-germany-in-straight-sets-to-win-her-seventh-wimbledon-cha.md) _Context: Serena Williams_
9. [In tennis, Garbine Muguruza of Spain wins the 2016 French Open by 7-5 6-4 in an upset defeat of Serena Williams. ](/news/2016/06/4/in-tennis-garbine-muguruza-of-spain-wins-the-2016-french-open-by-7a5-6a4-in-an-upset-defeat-of-serena-williams.md) _Context: Serena Williams_
10. [Serena Williams defeats Garbine Muguruza to win the 2015 Wimbledon Women's Singles title. ](/news/2015/07/11/serena-williams-defeats-garbia-e-muguruza-to-win-the-2015-wimbledon-women-s-singles-title.md) _Context: Serena Williams_
