### [2009-06-1](/news/2009/06/1/index.md)

#  A man kills one soldier and injures another at a military recruitment center in Little Rock, Arkansas. 

A man with &quot;political and religious motives&quot; killed a soldier just out of basic training and wounded another Monday in a targeted attack on a military recruiting center, police said. 


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gQACNshVFYt6M9CDykHq6DKqPhiwD98IKUB03)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31048825/)

### Related:

1. [At least 20 people die during flash floods of the Little Missouri River through a campground in the Ouachita Mountains near Caddo Gap, Arkansas, west of Little Rock, Arkansas in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/11/at-least-20-people-die-during-flash-floods-of-the-little-missouri-river-through-a-campground-in-the-ouachita-mountains-near-caddo-gap-arkan.md) _Context: Arkansas, Little Rock, Arkansas_
2. [Little Rock nightclub shooting: Arguments that lead to an exchange of gunfire at a concert at the Power Ultra Lounge in Little Rock, Arkansas, result in at least 28 people injured, one hospitalized in stable condition. ](/news/2017/07/1/little-rock-nightclub-shooting-arguments-that-lead-to-an-exchange-of-gunfire-at-a-concert-at-the-power-ultra-lounge-in-little-rock-arkansa.md) _Context: Little Rock, Arkansas_
3. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Arkansas_
4. [Kenneth Williams is executed at the Cummins Unit, Arkansas, by injection of midazolam, marking the state's fourth execution within eight days before the drug passes its expiration date. ](/news/2017/04/27/kenneth-williams-is-executed-at-the-cummins-unit-arkansas-by-injection-of-midazolam-marking-the-state-s-fourth-execution-within-eight-day.md) _Context: Arkansas_
5. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Arkansas_
6. [Capital punishment in the United States: Arkansas executes Ledell Lee, the first inmate executed in the state since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/20/capital-punishment-in-the-united-states-arkansas-executes-ledell-lee-the-first-inmate-executed-in-the-state-since-2005.md) _Context: Arkansas_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Arkansas_
8. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Arkansas_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Arkansas_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Arkansas_
