### [2009-06-1](/news/2009/06/1/index.md)

#  More than 40,000 females compete in the Women's Mini Marathon in Dublin, Ireland. [http://www.herald.ie/national-news/herald-girl-leads-charge-as-40000-cross-the-finish-line-1757378.html "(Evening Herald)"] [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2009/0601/breaking4.html?via=mr "(The Irish Times)"]




### Related:

1. [Crimes in Ireland. A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
2. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
3. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio JoGBPo Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joagbpo-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dea.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
4. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
5. [The Garda Sochna Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), Ireland's police Ombudsman, is revealed to have been bugged, with emails, wi-fi and phone systems at its Dublin headquarters also accessed illegally and internationally. ](/news/2014/02/10/the-garda-siochana-ombudsman-commission-gsoc-ireland-s-police-ombudsman-is-revealed-to-have-been-bugged-with-emails-wi-fi-and-phone-sy.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
6. [Ireland's Army Bomb Disposal Team receives four calls in the capital Dublin: among them is a false alarm, dealt with at the Israeli embassy in Ballsbridge. ](/news/2012/08/21/ireland-s-army-bomb-disposal-team-receives-four-calls-in-the-capital-dublin-among-them-is-a-false-alarm-dealt-with-at-the-israeli-embassy.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
7. [Former Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of the Republic of Ireland Garret FitzGerald dies in Dublin aged 85. ](/news/2011/05/19/former-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-the-republic-of-ireland-garret-fitzgerald-dies-in-dublin-aged-85.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
8. [A public civil partnership between a same-sex couple takes place in Dublin, the first time this has happened in Ireland. ](/news/2011/04/5/a-public-civil-partnership-between-a-same-sex-couple-takes-place-in-dublin-the-first-time-this-has-happened-in-ireland.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
9. [Tony Blair is met with a three-hundred person antiwar demonstration and has a small number of individuals throw objects (shoes, bottles and eggs), and encounters an attempted citizen's arrest for war crimes at Eason's in Dublin, Ireland, at his first public book signing for "A Journey"; four are arrested. Clashes between protesters and police lead to the closure of businesses and the Luas tram system. ](/news/2010/09/4/tony-blair-is-met-with-a-three-hundred-person-antiwar-demonstration-and-has-a-small-number-of-individuals-throw-objects-shoes-bottles-and.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
10. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: Dublin, Ireland_
