### [2009-06-1](/news/2009/06/1/index.md)

#  The United States Congressional Research Service reports that China is aiding the development of Pakistan's program of nuclear weaponry. 

China is providing assistance to Pakistan in developing its plutonium-based nuclear weapons programme, a Congressional report has told US lawmakers.


### Source:

1. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/World/China-assisting-Pakistans-plutonium-nuke-programme/articleshow/4602416.cms)

### Related:

1. [Hackers based in China access classified Indian documents, emails of the Dalai Lama, offices of the United Nations and the Pakistani embassy in the United States. ](/news/2010/04/6/hackers-based-in-china-access-classified-indian-documents-emails-of-the-dalai-lama-offices-of-the-united-nations-and-the-pakistani-embassy.md) _Context: China, Pakistan, United States_
2. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: China, United States_
3. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, United States_
4. [Taiwan-United States relations: United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: China, United States_
5. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, United States_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, United States_
7. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: United States, nuclear warheads_
8. [An American doctor, Mehdi Ali Qamar, is shot and killed in Pakistan by unknown assailants on motorbikes. ](/news/2014/05/27/an-american-doctor-mehdi-ali-qamar-is-shot-and-killed-in-pakistan-by-unknown-assailants-on-motorbikes.md) _Context: Pakistan, United States_
9. [The United Kingdom rejects its involvement in combat drone attacks by the United States in Pakistan. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-kingdom-rejects-its-involvement-in-combat-drone-attacks-by-the-united-states-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, United States_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: The United States stops shipping supplies to Afghanistan through Pakistan due to protests over drone attacks. ](/news/2013/12/4/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-united-states-stops-shipping-supplies-to-afghanistan-through-pakistan-due-to-protests-over-drone-a.md) _Context: Pakistan, United States_
