### [2014-07-21](/news/2014/07/21/index.md)

# Fighting restarts near Donetsk as international investigators arrive to examine the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. 

The U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution Monday demanding international access to the site of the plane downed over eastern Ukraine and an end to military activities around the area, following intense pressure on a reluctant Russia to support the measure.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/07/21/malaysia-air-crash-un-approves-resolution-calling-for-probe/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/21/us-ukraine-crisis-airplane-idUSKBN0FQ0K420140721?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/ukraine-military-renews-assault-on-rebels-in-region-where-passenger-jet-was-downed/2014/07/21/86cd2a12-10b0-11e4-98ee-daea85133bc9_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvoters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled-b.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-forces-retake-control-of-the-towns-of-krasnohorivka-and-staromykhailivka-outs.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The Ukrainian government declares a unilateral one-day cease-fire in order to facilitate for a team of forensics experts and crash investigators to reach the site where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 went down two weeks ago, after days of delay caused by heavy fighting in the area. ](/news/2014/07/31/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-ukrainian-government-declares-a-unilateral-one-day-cease-fire-in-order-to-facilitate.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian separatist commander Alexander Khodakovsky of the Vostok Battalion confirms that the rebels did possess the BUK missile system - believed to have shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 - originating from Russia, and it could have been sent back to Russia subsequently to remove proof of its presence. ](/news/2014/07/23/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-separatist-commander-alexander-khodakovsky-of-the-vostok-battalion-confirms-that-the-rebels.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 and Separatist rebels take all the 196 bodies from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 to an undisclosed location. ](/news/2014/07/20/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-and-separatist-rebels-take-all-the-196-bodies-from-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-to-an-undisclosed-location.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
10. [Pro-Russian militants force the closure of Donetsk International Airport a day after preventing any voters in the city of Donetsk from casting a vote in the Ukrainian presidential election. ](/news/2014/05/26/pro-russian-militants-force-the-closure-of-donetsk-international-airport-a-day-after-preventing-any-voters-in-the-city-of-donetsk-from-casti.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk_
