### [2015-01-26](/news/2015/01/26/index.md)

# A single day after the radical-left SYRIZA party wins the Greek elections, it forms an anti-austerity coalition government with the right-wing Independent Greeks 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30981950)

### Related:

1. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017: Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: governing coalition_
2. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016: Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties-Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network-to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its.md) _Context: governing coalition_
3. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime.md) _Context: governing coalition_
4. [Irish general election, 2016: Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: governing coalition_
5. [Greek legislative election, September 2015: Voters in Greece go to the polls for the third time this year with Syriza (Coalition of the Radical Left) again winning a plurality in the Hellenic Parliament. ](/news/2015/09/20/greek-legislative-election-september-2015-voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-the-third-time-this-year-with-syriza-coalition-of-the-radi.md) _Context: Syriza_
6. [Greek legislative election, September 2015: Twenty-five parliamentarians from the governing Syriza party announce plans to form a new party, the Popular Unity, led by former energy minister Panagiotis Lafazanis. ](/news/2015/08/21/greek-legislative-election-september-2015-twenty-five-parliamentarians-from-the-governing-syriza-party-announce-plans-to-form-a-new-party.md) _Context: Syriza_
7. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-packag.md) _Context: Syriza_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greek government-debt crisis timeline: The Hellenic Parliament votes to approve the Greek bailout package despite many senior lawmakers from the ruling Syriza Party refusing to vote for the deal. ](/news/2015/07/15/greek-government-debt-crisis-greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-the-hellenic-parliament-votes-to-approve-the-greek-bailout-package-desp.md) _Context: Syriza_
9. [Officials of the ruling Syriza party in Greece say that they cannot accept a last-minute deal proposed by the country's creditors: default deadline looms. ](/news/2015/06/4/officials-of-the-ruling-syriza-party-in-greece-say-that-they-cannot-accept-a-last-minute-deal-proposed-by-the-country-s-creditors-default-d.md) _Context: Syriza_
10. [The anti-austerity SYRIZA party wins a plurality in the 2015 Greek legislative elections. ](/news/2015/01/25/the-anti-austerity-syriza-party-wins-a-plurality-in-the-2015-greek-legislative-elections.md) _Context: Greek elections_
