### [2015-01-26](/news/2015/01/26/index.md)

# An F-16 jet belonging to the Hellenic Air Force crashes in southern Spain during a NATO exercise, killing ten people and injuring 21. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2015-01-26/greek-f-16-fighter-crash-in-spain-leaves-10-dead-ministry-says)

### Related:

1. [The death toll from the January 26 crash of a Hellenic Air Force F-16 fighter jet in southern Spain rises to eleven. ](/news/2015/01/27/the-death-toll-from-the-january-26-crash-of-a-hellenic-air-force-f-16-fighter-jet-in-southern-spain-rises-to-eleven.md) _Context: Hellenic Air Force, January 26 crash, Spain_
2. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, Spain_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: F-16, NATO_
4. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO_
5. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
6. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [Salvador Dali. The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
