### [2015-01-26](/news/2015/01/26/index.md)

# Kurdish fighters recapture at least 90% of Kobani, Syria. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/01/26/middleeast/syria-kobani-fighting/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria, YPG_
2. [A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town-of-tell-tamer-in-syria-s-northeast-al-hasakah-governorate-leaves-as-ma.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria, YPG_
3. [The Turkish military is reportedly preparing for an imminent invasion of northern Syria following a National Security Council meeting. The aim is to establish a buffer zone for refugees and drive back Islamic State militants. The Kurdish militia group YPG have said they will oppose any Turkish intervention in Syria. Turkey has for decades fought against Kurdish separatist movements such as the PKK ](/news/2015/06/29/the-turkish-military-is-reportedly-preparing-for-an-imminent-invasion-of-northern-syria-following-a-national-security-council-meeting-the-a.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria, YPG_
4. [  Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in  Arsal  near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials,  were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-t.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
5. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
6. [Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran,  say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-border-with-syria.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
8. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria, YPG_
9. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria_
