### [2003-06-18](/news/2003/06/18/index.md)

#  The Angolan government announces a Boeing&nbsp;727 has been stolen from Luanda's International Airport. The FAA asks all control towers in the United States to watch for any unscheduled aircraft as a consequence.




### Related:

1. [Voters in Angola go to the polls to elect 220 National Assembly members. The leader of the winning party will become the new president, following the retirement of Jos Eduardo dos Santos, who has held the role since 1979. ](/news/2017/08/23/voters-in-angola-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-220-national-assembly-members-the-leader-of-the-winning-party-will-become-the-new-president-foll.md) _Context: Angola_
2. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers. ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
3. [At least 17 people are killed with dozens injured in a crowd stampede at a football stadium in Uige, Angola. ](/news/2017/02/10/at-least-17-people-are-killed-with-dozens-injured-in-a-crowd-stampede-at-a-football-stadium-in-uage-angola.md) _Context: Angola_
4. [Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-security-council-replacing-angola-malaysia-new-z.md) _Context: Angola_
5. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
6. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
7. [A yellow fever outbreak has killed 37 people in Angola since December 2015. ](/news/2016/02/11/a-yellow-fever-outbreak-has-killed-37-people-in-angola-since-december-2015.md) _Context: Angola_
8. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
9. [Three aircraft, a Southwest Airlines 737, a Virgin America A319, and a private plane, were all struck by a laser coming from the same direction as they were about to land at Dallas's Love Field, according to the U.S. FAA. ](/news/2015/11/11/three-aircraft-a-southwest-airlines-737-a-virgin-america-a319-and-a-private-plane-were-all-struck-by-a-laser-coming-from-the-same-direct.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
10. [Angola joins the Chemical Weapons Convention becoming the 192nd state to join the convention aimed at eliminating the use of chemical weapons in armed conflict. ](/news/2015/09/22/angola-joins-the-chemical-weapons-convention-becoming-the-192nd-state-to-join-the-convention-aimed-at-eliminating-the-use-of-chemical-weapon.md) _Context: Angola_
