### [2012-10-26](/news/2012/10/26/index.md)

# China blocks the website of the ''New York Times'' and searches on social media after it published an investigation into the finances of Premier Wen Jiabao. 

The Chinese government began blocking access to The Times after publication of an article describing the wealth accumulated by relatives of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/10/201210268932863255.html)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/26/world/asia/china-blocks-web-access-to-new-york-times.html)

### Related:

1. [''The New York Times'' claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao.  ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporte.md) _Context: China, The New York Times, Wen Jiabao_
2. [''The New York Times'' publishes allegations that a Chinese People's Liberation Army unit called PLA Unit 61398 may be the source of hacking attacks on the West. ](/news/2013/02/19/the-new-york-times-publishes-allegations-that-a-chinese-people-s-liberation-army-unit-called-pla-unit-61398-may-be-the-source-of-hacking.md) _Context: China, The New York Times_
3. [Asian and European leaders meet at the Ninth Asia-Europe Meeting in Vientiane, Laos to discuss issues including the current financial crisis. 51 foreign leaders are expected to attend including premier of China Wen Jiabao and President of Laos Choummaly Sayasone. ](/news/2012/11/5/asian-and-european-leaders-meet-at-the-ninth-asiaaeurope-meeting-in-vientiane-laos-to-discuss-issues-including-the-current-financial-cris.md) _Context: China, Wen Jiabao_
4. [ As snowstorms continue to worsen in China, Premier Wen Jiabao offers an apology to the public while visiting Changsha train station in Hunan as millions are stranded in train stations waiting to go home during Chinese New Year. ](/news/2008/01/30/as-snowstorms-continue-to-worsen-in-china-premier-wen-jiabao-offers-an-apology-to-the-public-while-visiting-changsha-train-station-in-huna.md) _Context: China, Wen Jiabao_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: China_
