### [2012-10-26](/news/2012/10/26/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Fighting in Syria continues as the ceasefire agreement mediated by U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to occur during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha begins. 

Two previous cease-fire attempts failed, and both the Syrian Army and rebels have hedged their commitment to this one.


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/terrorism-security/2012/1026/Holiday-cease-fire-in-Syria-pocked-with-bullets)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/26/us-syria-crisis-idUSBRE88J0X720121026)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: The Syrian government announces via its state media that it will suspend military operations from Friday to Monday, during this year's Muslim Eid al-Adha holiday, as part of a ceasefire proposal by U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi. ](/news/2012/10/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-announces-via-its-state-media-that-it-will-suspend-military-operations-from-friday-to-monday-during.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war: The UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi states in Cairo that the Syrian government has agreed to a ceasefire during the four-day Muslim holiday, Eid al-Adha. ](/news/2012/10/24/syrian-civil-war-the-un-peace-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-states-in-cairo-that-the-syrian-government-has-agreed-to-a-ceasefire-during-the-four-da.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war: UN and Arab League special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi meets with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Damascus in an attempt to push for a temporary ceasefire during next week's Eid al-Adha holiday. ](/news/2012/10/20/syrian-civil-war-un-and-arab-league-special-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-meets-with-syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-in-damascus-in-an-attemp.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war:A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh (''Sabina'') kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-pa-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:Fighting continues in major cities as Lakhdar Brahimi is named as the new United Nations envoy for Syria. ](/news/2012/08/17/syrian-civil-war-pfighting-continues-in-major-cities-as-lakhdar-brahimi-is-named-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-for-syria.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
