### [2006-07-9](/news/2006/07/9/index.md)

#  Nestl is added to the Arab League list of companies to be boycotted "because it maintains a branch in Israel". An anonymous source says most League members are likely to ignore the decision. 

Despite Arab League&#39;s decision to boycott Swiss food giant because it maintains branch in Israel, most League members are likely to ignore it 


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3272747,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Arab League leaders meeting in Libya announce their support for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's decision to stop peace talks with Israel over Israel's recently expired moratorium on construction in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/10/8/arab-league-leaders-meeting-in-libya-announce-their-support-for-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-s-decision-to-stop-peace-talks.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
2. [The Arab League endorses direct talks between the Palestinian Authority and Israel providing certain conditions are met. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-arab-league-endorses-direct-talks-between-the-palestinian-authority-and-israel-providing-certain-conditions-are-met.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
3. [The Arab League, speaking in Cairo, states written guarantees are required if Palestine is to enter into direct negotiations with Israel as Egyptian, Israeli, Palestinian and American representatives meet to talk. ](/news/2010/07/18/the-arab-league-speaking-in-cairo-states-written-guarantees-are-required-if-palestine-is-to-enter-into-direct-negotiations-with-israel-as.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Arriving in the Gaza Strip for the first time since Israel blockaded it in 2006, Secretary-General of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, calls for the blockade to be ended. ](/news/2010/06/13/israeliapalestinian-conflict-parriving-in-the-gaza-strip-for-the-first-time-since-israel-blockaded-it-in-2006-secretary-general-of-the-ar.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
5. [ The Arab League agrees to send a delegation to Israel for the first time. ](/news/2007/07/9/the-arab-league-agrees-to-send-a-delegation-to-israel-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
6. [ The first delegation from the Arab League comprising the foreign ministers of Egypt and Jordan visits Israel to talk about the Arab Peace Initiative. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-first-delegation-from-the-arab-league-comprising-the-foreign-ministers-of-egypt-and-jordan-visits-israel-to-talk-about-the-arab-peace-i.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  The Arab League disavowed the final statement made by the Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up, claiming that they adhere to a policy of supporting Israel's right to exist within pre-1967 borders, and restating that the conflict in the Middle East is between Palestinians and Israelis, not all Jews.](/news/2002/09/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-arab-league-disavowed-the-final-statement-made-by-the-zayed-center-for-coordination-and-follow-up-claim.md) _Context: Arab League, Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
