### [2011-09-25](/news/2011/09/25/index.md)

# A suicide bombing near a church in Central Java, Indonesia, kills at least two people and injures several others. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-15051334)

### Related:

1. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
2. [Heavy rain in Central Java has caused landslides and flooding with 24 people dead and at least 26 missing in the Indonesian province. ](/news/2016/06/19/heavy-rain-in-central-java-has-caused-landslides-and-flooding-with-24-people-dead-and-at-least-26-missing-in-the-indonesian-province.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
3. [Mounts Merapi and Sinabung erupt in Indonesia forcing residents of Central Java and North Sumatra to flee. ](/news/2013/11/18/mounts-merapi-and-sinabung-erupt-in-indonesia-forcing-residents-of-central-java-and-north-sumatra-to-flee.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
4. [ Mount Merapi in Central Java, Indonesia, which has been rumbling for about a month, is shooting out black smoke, volcanic ash and lava, and a volcanic eruption appears to be imminent. Mandatory evacuations are under way. ](/news/2006/05/14/mount-merapi-in-central-java-indonesia-which-has-been-rumbling-for-about-a-month-is-shooting-out-black-smoke-volcanic-ash-and-lava-and.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
5. [ An Indonesian MD-82 from the charter airline Lion Air crashes in Central Java, killing at least 31 people and injuring at least 62 people. ](/news/2004/12/1/an-indonesian-md-82-from-the-charter-airline-lion-air-crashes-in-central-java-killing-at-least-31-people-and-injuring-at-least-62-people.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
6. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Indonesia, suicide bombing_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
