### [2011-09-25](/news/2011/09/25/index.md)

# At least five people are shot dead in two locations in the US state of Indiana. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/police-dead-se-indiana-locations-14604526)

### Related:

1. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Indiana_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Indiana_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that.md) _Context: Indiana_
4. [Republican Party vice presidential candidate selection, 2016. Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/republican-party-vice-presidential-candidate-selection-2016-donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-runn.md) _Context: Indiana_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: Indiana_
6. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: Indiana_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Indiana_
8. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks. The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: Indiana_
9. [Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. '](/news/2013/11/17/following-the-issuance-of-a-rare-high-risk-for-severe-weather-only-the-fifth-documented-such-case-in-november-and-also-extending-to-areas-f.md) _Context: Indiana_
10. [Imperial Petroleum is indicted in the largest instance of tax and securities fraud in Indiana state history. ](/news/2013/09/19/imperial-petroleum-is-indicted-in-the-largest-instance-of-tax-and-securities-fraud-in-indiana-state-history.md) _Context: Indiana_
