### [2010-01-17](/news/2010/01/17/index.md)

# Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. 

The revelations about Peter Robinson&#39;s wife Iris have indirectly led to a political first for a DUP leader - a handshake with Martin McGuinness.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8464128.stm)
2. [Ireland Online](http://breakingnews.iol.ie/news/ireland/robinsons-plight-prompts-handshake-from-mcguinness-442240.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0117/northpolitics.html)

### Related:

1. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, a police investigation, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
2. [Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. ](/news/2010/01/6/iris-robinson-the-wife-of-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-admits-having-previously-attempted-suicide-her-husband-peter-robinson-gives-a.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
3. [ Saint Patrick's Day:. United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
4. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fein_
5. [Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-demo.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
6. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
7. [Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland, steps aside after the Democratic Unionist Party fails to get enough support to adjourn the assembly. ](/news/2015/09/10/peter-robinson-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-steps-aside-after-the-democratic-unionist-party-fails-to-get-enough-support-to-adjou.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
8. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
9. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fein_
10. [Sinn Fein nominate John O'Dowd to replace Martin McGuinness on a temporary basis as deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/09/19/sinn-fa-c-in-nominate-john-o-dowd-to-replace-martin-mcguinness-on-a-temporary-basis-as-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
