### [2003-03-17](/news/2003/03/17/index.md)

#  Accounting scandals: Merrill Lynch, its four former executives and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission agree to settle the Enron security fraud case for $80 million. It is one of the five largest penalties imposed on security-related civil cases.




### Related:

1. [ A federal judge in Houston, Texas, sentences former Enron executive Dan Boyle to 3 years and 10 months in prison for his involvement with a barge scam with securities firm Merrill Lynch. Two Merrill Lynch executives also receive sentences. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-federal-judge-in-houston-texas-sentences-former-enron-executive-dan-boyle-to-3-years-and-10-months-in-prison-for-his-involvement-with-a.md) _Context: Enron, Merrill Lynch_
2. [ U.S. government prosecutors, preparing for an upcoming trial of four former executives of Merrill Lynch and two former executives of Enron released a document that could prove helpful to the defense--indicating that the intent of the allegedly fraudulent transaction was, at the least, a bit equivocal. Trial begins Monday. ](/news/2004/06/2/u-s-government-prosecutors-preparing-for-an-upcoming-trial-of-four-former-executives-of-merrill-lynch-and-two-former-executives-of-enron.md) _Context: Enron, Merrill Lynch_
3. [ A United States district court approves a settlement between WorldCom and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in which WorldCom will pay $750&nbsp;million to investors for its accounting scandal. ](/news/2003/07/7/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-settlement-between-worldcom-and-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-in-which-worldcom-wi.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission, accounting fraud_
4. [President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2017/08/31/president-donald-trump-is-expected-to-nominate-columbia-university-law-professor-robert-jackson-to-be-a-member-of-the-securities-and-exchang.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
5. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
6. [The ex-chief financial officer of Bank of America, Joe Price, agrees to pay a $7.5 million fine for misleading investors during the acquisition of Merrill Lynch. ](/news/2014/04/25/the-ex-chief-financial-officer-of-bank-of-america-joe-price-agrees-to-pay-a-7-5-million-fine-for-misleading-investors-during-the-acquisit.md) _Context: Merrill Lynch_
7. [Ex-CEO of Enron Jeffrey Skilling is in talks with federal prosecutors to discuss a reduction in his sentence. ](/news/2013/04/4/ex-ceo-of-enron-jeffrey-skilling-is-in-talks-with-federal-prosecutors-to-discuss-a-reduction-in-his-sentence.md) _Context: Enron_
8. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission accuses the state of Illinois of securities fraud by misleading investors about the health of the state's public pension fund. ](/news/2013/03/11/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-accuses-the-state-of-illinois-of-securities-fraud-by-misleading-investors-about-the-health-of-th.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
9. [BP announces it will plead guilty to charges of manslaughter and obstruction of Congress, and will pay a total of US$4.5 billion to the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2012/11/15/bp-announces-it-will-plead-guilty-to-charges-of-manslaughter-and-obstruction-of-congress-and-will-pay-a-total-of-us-4-5-billion-to-the-us-d.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
10. [The FBI and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission launch an investigation into MF Global after $600 million of customers' money went missing. ](/news/2011/11/1/the-fbi-and-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-launch-an-investigation-into-mf-global-after-600-million-of-customers-money-went-missi.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
