### [2003-03-17](/news/2003/03/17/index.md)

#  US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: In Iraq, "four key figures" in the former Iraqi regime die in a large operation by US troops. The dead included Saddam Hussein's sons Uday and Qusay.](/news/2003/07/22/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-in-iraq-four-key-figures-in-the-former-iraqi-regime-die-in-a-large-operation-by-us-troops-the-dead-include.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard announces that Australian forces in Operation Falconer will completely pull out by June. The Bechtel Corporation is awarded a $680 million contract for the rebuilding of parts of Iraq's electricity system, water supplies and other key infrastructures. Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti, top advisor and half-brother of Saddam Hussein is captured by U.S. forces (the second of Hussein's half brothers captured this week). Save the Children announces that U.S. forces continue to prevent their airplane from landing in Arbil, Iraq to deliver medical supplies and emergency feeding kits. U.S. officials contend that the area is not yet safe, while the United Nations has already declared Arbil a "safe and secure" area. Martin Sullivan and Gary Vikan, of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Committee on Cultural Property, announced their resignations in protest of the US failure to prevent looting of the Iraqi National Museum.](/news/2003/04/17/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-announces-that-australian-forces-in-operation-falconer-will-completely-pull-out-by-june-the-bechtel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq crisis of 2003: Iraq begins the process of destroying Al Samoud two missiles on March 1. Hans Blix, U.N. chief weapons inspector said "It is a very significant piece of real disarmament". However, the spokesman of the White House, Ari Fleischer declared that the Iraq commitment to destroy these missiles is a fraud that President George W. Bush had predicted, and indicated that the United States wanted a total and complete disarmament of Iraq. He also repeated that if the United Nations did not act to disarm Baghdad, the United States would lead a coalition of voluntary countries to disarm Saddam Hussein.](/news/2003/02/28/iraq-crisis-of-2003-iraq-begins-the-process-of-destroying-al-samoud-two-missiles-on-march-1-hans-blix-u-n-chief-weapons-inspector-said.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
