### [2002-10-25](/news/2002/10/25/index.md)

#  IBM announces that its Blue Gene petaflop supercomputer architecture will use the Linux operating system.




### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: IBM, Linux_
2. [ The SCO Group, formerly Caldera, the current owner of the rights to the Unix operating system, sues IBM for $1 billion for "devaluing" Unix, claiming that IBM employees who signed Non-disclosure agreements worked on the Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/6/the-sco-group-formerly-caldera-the-current-owner-of-the-rights-to-the-unix-operating-system-sues-ibm-for-1-billion-for-devaluing-unix.md) _Context: IBM, Linux_
3. [IBM Roadrunner, once the world's fastest supercomputer, is decommissioned. ](/news/2013/03/31/ibm-roadrunner-once-the-world-s-fastest-supercomputer-is-decommissioned.md) _Context: supercomputer_
4. [Steam for Linux is released, beginning the expansion of Valve's game service onto the free and open-source platform. This leads to 2000 games being ported to the platform in a span of a little over 3 years.](/news/2013/02/14/steam-for-linux-is-released-beginning-the-expansion-of-valve-s-game-service-onto-the-free-and-open-source-platform-this-leads-to-2000-game.md) _Context: Linux_
5. [China's Tianhe-1 overtakes Nebule to regain top spot as the world's fastest supercomputer. ](/news/2010/10/28/china-s-tianhe-1-overtakes-nebule-to-regain-top-spot-as-the-world-s-fastest-supercomputer.md) _Context: supercomputer_
6. [ The multi-billion dollar King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, boasting one of the world's fastest supercomputers, opens near Jeddah in Saudi Arabia in an attempt to enable the country to compete in science and technology internationally. ](/news/2009/09/23/the-multi-billion-dollar-king-abdullah-university-of-science-and-technology-boasting-one-of-the-world-s-fastest-supercomputers-opens-near.md) _Context: supercomputer_
7. [ IBM and Los Alamos National Laboratory break processing speed barrier with the world's first petaflop computer, Roadrunner. ](/news/2008/06/9/ibm-and-los-alamos-national-laboratory-break-processing-speed-barrier-with-the-world-s-first-petaflop-computer-roadrunner.md) _Context: petaflop_
8. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux_
9. [ MareNostrum, Europe's most powerful (and the world's fourth most powerful) supercomputer, is booted up for the first time in the Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain. ](/news/2005/04/12/marenostrum-europe-s-most-powerful-and-the-world-s-fourth-most-powerful-supercomputer-is-booted-up-for-the-first-time-in-the-barcelona.md) _Context: supercomputer_
10. [ The United States Department of Energy announces plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer, capable of a sustained performance of 50 trillion calculations per second (compared to 36.5 trillion for Japan's Earth Simulator and less than 8 trillion for the US's ASCI White). The computer, to be federally funded to the tune of USD 50 million, will be built at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. ](/news/2004/05/12/the-united-states-department-of-energy-announces-plans-to-build-the-world-s-fastest-supercomputer-capable-of-a-sustained-performance-of-50.md) _Context: supercomputer_
