### [2002-10-25](/news/2002/10/25/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hundreds of Israeli soldiers backed by scores of tanks and other military vehicles took control of the Palestinian city of Jenin in response to a suicide bombing that killed 14 people. 




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, suicide bombing_
2. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomb attack kills at least five people in Netanya, north-western Israel. The attack follows confirmation from Shaul Mofaz that Israel will resume its policy of "targeted killings". ](/news/2005/12/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomb-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-netanya-north-western-israel-the-attack-follows-confirm.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian Islamic Jihad suicide bomber kills himself and injures close to 50 people in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba near the main bus terminal. According to sources, the bomber was trying to make his way to Beersheba's Soroka Hospital. ](/news/2005/08/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-islamic-jihad-suicide-bomber-kills-himself-and-injures-close-to-50-people-in-the-southern-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Israelis killed and about a dozen wounded in two separate suicide bombings by Palestinian terrorists in the towns of Rosh-Ha'ayin and Ariel. Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attacks. The IDF retaliated on Wednesday by demolishing the house in Nablus where the bomber in the Rosh Ha-Ayin attack lived with his family.](/news/2003/08/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israelis-killed-and-about-a-dozen-wounded-in-two-separate-suicide-bombings-by-palestinian-terrorists-in-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
