### [2002-10-25](/news/2002/10/25/index.md)

#  Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi dissolved the country's Parliament, officially starting the campaign for one of the African Great Lakes country's most competitive general elections and closing his tenure as one of Africa's longest ruling leaders. 




### Related:

1. [Kenya awards compensation in a landmark ruling to civilians tortured by police during Daniel arap Moi's time in power in the 1980s. ](/news/2010/07/21/kenya-awards-compensation-in-a-landmark-ruling-to-civilians-tortured-by-police-during-daniel-arap-moi-s-time-in-power-in-the-1980s.md) _Context: Daniel arap Moi, Kenya_
2. [ Ex-president of Kenya and chairman of KANU party, Daniel arap Moi, is due to step down. His successor will be Uhuru Kenyatta, son of Jomo Kenyatta. ](/news/2005/02/1/ex-president-of-kenya-and-chairman-of-kanu-party-daniel-arap-moi-is-due-to-step-down-his-successor-will-be-uhuru-kenyatta-son-of-jomo-k.md) _Context: Daniel arap Moi, Kenya_
3. [The Kenyan electoral commission confirms that the opposition National Rainbow Coalition (NARC) has won landslide victories over the ruling KANU party in Friday's elections, ending 40 years of single party rule and 24 years of rule by Daniel arap Moi.  The NARC's presidential candidate, Mwai Kibaki, led by more than 30 percentage points over the KANU's official candidate.](/news/2002/12/29/the-kenyan-electoral-commission-confirms-that-the-opposition-national-rainbow-coalition-narc-has-won-landslide-victories-over-the-ruling-k.md) _Context: Daniel arap Moi, Kenya_
4. [Voters in Kenya go to the polls to elect the President, as well as members of the National Assembly and Senate. ](/news/2017/08/8/voters-in-kenya-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-as-well-as-members-of-the-national-assembly-and-senate.md) _Context: Kenya_
5. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Kenya_
6. [The Kenyan electoral commission announces that President Uhuru Kenyatta has re-election. Kenyatta leads ODM candidate Raila Odinga by more than 1.4 million votes. The opposition National Super Alliance rejects this finding as fraudulent. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-kenyan-electoral-commission-announces-that-president-uhuru-kenyatta-has-re-election-kenyatta-leads-odm-candidate-raila-odinga-by-more-t.md) _Context: Kenya_
7. [Kenya opens the Mombasa-Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway, the East African country's largest infrastructure project since gaining independence. ](/news/2017/05/31/kenya-opens-the-mombasaanairobi-standard-gauge-railway-the-east-african-country-s-largest-infrastructure-project-since-gaining-independen.md) _Context: Kenya_
8. [Prominent Italian-born conservationist Kuki Gallmann is shot and injured in an ambush in northern Kenya. ](/news/2017/04/23/prominent-italian-born-conservationist-kuki-gallmann-is-shot-and-injured-in-an-ambush-in-northern-kenya.md) _Context: Kenya_
9. [A high court in Kenya blocks a government bid to close the Dadaab refugee camp and repatriate over 260,000 Somali refugees back to Somalia. The government said it will appeal against the ruling. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-high-court-in-kenya-blocks-a-government-bid-to-close-the-dadaab-refugee-camp-and-repatriate-over-260-000-somali-refugees-back-to-somalia.md) _Context: Kenya_
10. [Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-kenyan-troops.md) _Context: Kenya_
