### [2017-05-8](/news/2017/05/8/index.md)

# Philippine Drug War: The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. 

The Philippine government will present the human rights situation before the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland during the third cycle of its Universal Periodic Review. LIVE at 3 p.m. 


### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2017/05/08/1697908/live-un-reviews-philippines-human-rights-situation)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-inte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, United Nations, human rights violations_
2. [Philippine Drug War: Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-drug-war-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-t.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, United Nations_
3. [Human rights in the Philippines: The government of the Philippines demands its critics to provide proof if there are human rights violations conducted during its drug war. ](/news/2016/07/9/human-rights-in-the-philippines-the-government-of-the-philippines-demands-its-critics-to-provide-proof-if-there-are-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, human rights violations_
4. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Dozens of petty criminals and alleged drug addicts die in the Philippines within a few days after Rodrigo Duterte took the presidency. He actively encouraged extrajudicial killing of drug addicts and petty criminals before and after the election. ](/news/2016/07/5/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-dozens-of-petty-criminals-and-alleged-drug-addicts-die-in-the-philippines-within-a-few.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, human rights violations_
5. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
9. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
10. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
