### [2017-05-8](/news/2017/05/8/index.md)

# Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/08/politics/sally-yates-hearing-russia-things-we-learned/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongoing-congressional-probe-on-russia-s-role-in-the-2016-u-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
2. [The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing-about-russian-interference-in-the-2016-election-and-confi.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
4. [Robert Lighthizer sends a document to U.S. lawmakers outlining the Trump Administration's priorities for renegotiating NAFTA, including lower trade deficits and efforts to deter currency manipulation. ](/news/2017/07/17/robert-lighthizer-sends-a-document-to-u-s-lawmakers-outlining-the-trump-administration-s-priorities-for-renegotiating-nafta-including-lowe.md) _Context: Trump Administration_
5. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
6. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
7. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
8. [Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/23/former-cia-director-john-brennan-tells-the-house-intelligence-committee-he-knew-of-contacts-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
9. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
10. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
