### [2017-04-28](/news/2017/04/28/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. 

The United Nations Security Council has unanimously backed attempts to restart talks between Morocco and the Polisario independence movement over the Western Sahara conflict and has extended its peacekeeping mission for another year.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-western-sahara-idUSKBN17V05C?il=0)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Security Council members are considering a draft resolution that would restore the UN mission in Western Sahara to full functionality. Last month, Morocco  expelled 75 UN staffers. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-nations-security-council-members-are-considering-a-draft-resolution-that-would-restore-the-un-mission-in-western-sahara-to-full-funct.md) _Context: MINURSO, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
4. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-pthe-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [China opposes any new sanctions against North Korea during a meeting in the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2016/12/10/china-opposes-any-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-during-a-meeting-in-the-united-nations-security-council.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [ 2016 Nampala attack: At least 12 soldiers are killed and 27 others injured after unidentified militants briefly overrun a government base in central Mali, near the border with Mauritania. The attackers also burn and loot the adjacent village of Nampala. ](/news/2016/07/19/2016-nampala-attack-at-least-12-soldiers-are-killed-and-27-others-injured-after-unidentified-militants-briefly-overrun-a-government-base-i.md) _Context: Mauritania_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
