### [2017-04-28](/news/2017/04/28/index.md)

# Western Sahara conflict. The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. 

The United Nations Security Council has unanimously backed attempts to restart talks between Morocco and the Polisario independence movement over the Western Sahara conflict and has extended its peacekeeping mission for another year.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-western-sahara-idUSKBN17V05C?il=0)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Security Council members are considering a draft resolution that would restore the UN mission in Western Sahara to full functionality. Last month, Morocco expelled 75 UN staffers. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-nations-security-council-members-are-considering-a-draft-resolution-that-would-restore-the-un-mission-in-western-sahara-to-full-funct.md) _Context: MINURSO, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Mauritanian constitutional referendum, 2017. Results from Saturday's constitutional referendum show Mauritanians have voted to abolish the Senate. Turnout was 53.73%, with 85% of voters supporting the change, according to officials. ](/news/2017/08/7/mauritanian-constitutional-referendum-2017-results-from-saturday-s-constitutional-referendum-show-mauritanians-have-voted-to-abolish-the-s.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
3. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
4. [Mauritanian constitutional referendum, 2017. Voters in Mauritania participate in a referendum on whether to amend the Constitution of Mauritania, with the abolition of the Senate and addition of red bands to the flag of Mauritania among the most significant proposed changes. The OCHR has criticised Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz's government for apparent suppression of opposition protests. ](/news/2017/08/5/mauritanian-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-mauritania-participate-in-a-referendum-on-whether-to-amend-the-constitution-of-maurit.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017. Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expand.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
