### [2015-10-3](/news/2015/10/3/index.md)

# A prolonged series of American military airstrikes hit a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in Kunduz, killing twelve staff members and at least seven patients, including three children, with 37 seriously injured and many more people still missing. 

Kabul/Brussels. 3 October 2015: The international medical organization Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) condemns in the strongest possible terms the horrific aerial bombing of its hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. Twelve staff members and at least 10 patients, including three children, were killed; 37 people were injured including 19 staff members. This attack constitutes a grave violation of International Humanitarian Law.


### Source:

1. [MSF](http://www.doctorswithoutborders.org/article/afghanistan-msf-demands-explanations-after-deadly-airstrikes-hit-hospital-kunduz)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-afghanistan-attack-idUSKCN0RW0HC20151003)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/doctors-without-borders-airstrike-hits-afghan-hospital-killing-3-staffers/2015/10/03/2ed13104-b50a-48ec-9eb9-92db8ee3a876_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present) The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-pthe-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
3. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
5. [The U.S. Department of Defense will make payments to families of victims of last week's  U.S. airstrike that struck a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz. At least 22 people were killed including 12 staff members and 10 patients, including three children. MSF says 33 people are still missing and presumed to have died in the fire. ](/news/2015/10/10/the-u-s-department-of-defense-will-make-payments-to-families-of-victims-of-last-week-s-u-s-airstrike-that-struck-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
6. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
7. [According to the Afghan Interior Ministry, Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund, a senior Taliban commander, is killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kunduz Province. ](/news/2017/02/27/according-to-the-afghan-interior-ministry-mullah-abdul-salam-akhund-a-senior-taliban-commander-is-killed-in-a-u-s-airstrike-in-kunduz-pr.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
8. [The Taliban launches an offensive entering the city of Kunduz which they briefly captured last year. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-taliban-launches-an-offensive-entering-the-city-of-kunduz-which-they-briefly-captured-last-year.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
9. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
10. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
