### [2015-10-3](/news/2015/10/3/index.md)

# ISIL claims responsibility for the killing of a 65-year-old Japanese citizen in Bangladesh. This attack comes after the recent murder of an Italian, Cesare Tavella, in Bangladesh, which was also claimed by ISIL. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/asia/2015/10/03/ISIS-claims-killing-of-Japanese-citizen-in-Bangladesh.html)

### Related:

1. [Gunmen storm a restaurant, exchange fire with security, and take at least twenty hostages in the Gulshan neighborhood of Dhaka, Bangladesh. Two policemen are killed. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/1/gunmen-storm-a-restaurant-exchange-fire-with-security-and-take-at-least-twenty-hostages-in-the-gulshan-neighborhood-of-dhaka-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ A homeopathic doctor is hacked to death in Bangladesh. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/21/a-homeopathic-doctor-is-hacked-to-death-in-bangladesh-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim-responsibility.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Xulhaz Mannan, a Bangladeshi employee of a U.S. charity (USAID), who is also an editor for the country's only LGBT magazine, and a friend are hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, by suspected Islamist militants. Guards at the building were also injured. ](/news/2016/04/25/xulhaz-mannan-a-bangladeshi-employee-of-a-u-s-charity-usaid-who-is-also-an-editor-for-the-country-s-only-lgbt-magazine-and-a-friend-ar.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [A Hindu priest is hacked to death and two devotees, who tried to intercede, are wounded in a temple in the Panchagarh District in northern Bangladesh. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/a-hindu-priest-is-hacked-to-death-and-two-devotees-who-tried-to-intercede-are-wounded-in-a-temple-in-the-panchagarh-district-in-northern-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [ISIL claims responsibility for the killing of an Italian man in Dhaka. If verified, it would be Islamic State's first attack in Bangladesh. ](/news/2015/09/28/isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-killing-of-an-italian-man-in-dhaka-if-verified-it-would-be-islamic-state-s-first-attack-in-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
8. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
10. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: Japan_
