### [2014-12-19](/news/2014/12/19/index.md)

# Scientists withdraw the January 29, 2014 claim that there is a simple way to convert normal cells into stem cells, which can be used for any part of the body. Nature had in July retracted its two previous articles after the disgraced lead researcher, Japanese Haruko Obokata, was found to have plagiarized and fabricated parts of the papers. 

A disgraced Japanese researcher has failed to replicate results hailed as a potential breakthrough in stem-cell treatment and efforts to do so will be abandoned, officials at her research institute said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/12/19/disgraced-japan-researcher-fails-to-replicate-game-changing-stem-cell-results)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/health/2014/12/19/disgraced-japan-researcher-fails-to-replicate-game-changing-stem-cell-results/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-1.img.jpg/0/0/1422890555663.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. ["Nature" publishes research by the University of Toronto announcing the discovery of a new class of stem cells called F-class stem cells that have the potential to be better and safer to use in medical research. ](/news/2014/12/10/nature-publishes-research-by-the-university-of-toronto-announcing-the-discovery-of-a-new-class-of-stem-cells-called-f-class-stem-cells-tha.md) _Context: Nature, stem cells_
2. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: Nature_
3. [A study published in Nature finds the Earth's surface is warmer than it has been in about 120,000 years, and is locked into eventually hitting its hottest mark in more than 2 million years. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-study-published-in-nature-finds-the-earth-s-surface-is-warmer-than-it-has-been-in-about-120-000-years-and-is-locked-into-eventually-hitti.md) _Context: Nature_
4. [Researchers report in the journal Nature the discovery of three potentially habitable, Earth-like exoplanets orbiting TRAPPIST-1, an ultracool dwarf star 40 light-years away in the constellation Aquarius. ](/news/2016/05/2/researchers-report-in-the-journal-nature-the-discovery-of-three-potentially-habitable-earth-like-exoplanets-orbiting-trappist-1-an-ultraco.md) _Context: Nature_
5. [ An article published in "Nature" reports high levels of molecular oxygen found by the Rosetta space probe on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. This discovery could have implications for theories of the origin of the solar system. ](/news/2015/10/28/an-article-published-in-nature-reports-high-levels-of-molecular-oxygen-found-by-the-rosetta-space-probe-on-comet-67p-churyumov-gerasimenk.md) _Context: Nature_
6. [Research published in the journal "Nature" claims that a large portion of the lithium in the universe was produced by novae. ](/news/2015/02/19/research-published-in-the-journal-nature-claims-that-a-large-portion-of-the-lithium-in-the-universe-was-produced-by-novae.md) _Context: Nature_
7. ["Nature" publishes Penn State University findings of Ancient shells with 430,000-year-old engravings believed to be made by "Homo erectus", changing beliefs on artistic expression and tool use by ancestors of "Homo sapiens". Dutch anthropologist Eugene Dubois found the collection in Java in 1891 and Penn State discovered the markings in a museum in the city of Leiden. ](/news/2014/12/9/nature-publishes-penn-state-university-findings-of-ancient-shells-with-430-000-year-old-engravings-believed-to-be-made-by-homo-erectus.md) _Context: Nature_
8. [Renowned Japanese scientist Yoshiki Sasai commits suicide, after the discrediting of certain experimental results he supervised, regarding stem cells. ](/news/2014/08/5/renowned-japanese-scientist-yoshiki-sasai-commits-suicide-after-the-discrediting-of-certain-experimental-results-he-supervised-regarding-s.md) _Context: stem cells_
9. [Scientists announce creation of cloned human stem cells derived from adult cells. ([http://time.com/65610/cloning-cells-from-two-adult-men/ "TIME"])](/news/2014/04/17/scientists-announce-creation-of-cloned-human-stem-cells-derived-from-adult-cells-http-time-com-65610-cloning-cells-from-two-adult-men.md) _Context: stem cells_
10. [RIKEN concludes that research suggesting stem cells could be produced through STAP techniques was falsified. ](/news/2014/04/1/riken-concludes-that-research-suggesting-stem-cells-could-be-produced-through-stap-techniques-was-falsified.md) _Context: stem cells_
