### [2014-12-19](/news/2014/12/19/index.md)

# The Indonesian volcano Gamalama erupts injuring four people and leaving one person missing. 

A volcano in eastern Indonesia erupted today, spewing towering clouds of hot ash into the air and leaving four hikers injured and one missing when they scrambled to safety, an official said. Mount Gamalama on Ternate island in North Maluku province


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/indonesia-volcano-erupts-injuring-4-1-missing-114121900726_1.html)

### Related:

1. [Indonesian volcano eruptions: Thousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/indonesian-volcano-eruptions-thousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
2. [Ash from the Raung volcano closes five airports in Indonesia, while ash from the Gamalama volcano closes the Babullah Airport in Ternate. ](/news/2015/07/16/ash-from-the-raung-volcano-closes-five-airports-in-indonesia-while-ash-from-the-gamalama-volcano-closes-the-babullah-airport-in-ternate.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
3. [Four people are killed and 1,000 others flee their homes amid lahars from the Mount Gamalama volcano in Indonesia. ](/news/2011/12/28/four-people-are-killed-and-1-000-others-flee-their-homes-amid-lahars-from-the-mount-gamalama-volcano-in-indonesia.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea: Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
