### [2014-01-16](/news/2014/01/16/index.md)

# A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. 

Britain&#39;s National Crime Agency on Thursday said it has broken up an organized crime group that live streamed child sexual abuse from the Philippines.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/01/16/britain-philippines-child-abuse-online/4504911/)

### Related:

1. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the  southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippin.md) _Context: American, Philippine, United Kingdom_
2. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
5. [A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/12/a-measles-outbreak-from-the-philippines-has-spread-into-australia-canada-taiwan-and-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Australia, Philippine, United Kingdom_
6. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
7. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
8. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
9. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
10. [ The United States and Australia issue travel advisories warning their citizens not to go to the Philippines due to a potentially imminent terrorist threat. ](/news/2007/04/21/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-advisories-warning-their-citizens-not-to-go-to-the-philippines-due-to-a-potentially-imminent-t.md) _Context: American, Australia, Philippine_
