### [2014-01-16](/news/2014/01/16/index.md)

# According to a search warrant unsealed by a court in Bristol, Connecticut, former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, awaiting trial for a 2013 murder, is under investigation by Boston police as a suspect in a 2012 double homicide. 

Boston police have been investigating whether jailed former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez may have been the gunman in a 2012 double slaying, according to a search warrant request released Thursday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ESPN](http://espn.go.com/boston/nfl/story/_/id/10303853/aaron-hernandez-eyed-gunman-2012-slayings-police-say)

### Related:

1. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with two counts of murder in relation to a drive-by shooting in Boston's South End district in July 2012. ](/news/2014/05/15/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-charged-with-two-counts-of-murder-in-relation-to-a-drive-by-shooting-in-boston-s-so.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, Boston, New England Patriots, tight end_
2. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-formally-charged-with-murder-in-the-us-state-of-massachusetts-more-than-a-week-afte.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, New England Patriots, tight end_
3. [Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez, acquitted last week of a 2012 double murder but serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder, is found hanged in his prison cell, and is pronounced dead an hour later. ](/news/2017/04/19/former-new-england-patriots-player-aaron-hernandez-acquitted-last-week-of-a-2012-double-murder-but-serving-a-life-sentence-for-a-2013-murde.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, New England Patriots_
4. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Boston_
5. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston_
6. [A dangerous cold snap hits the northeastern United States with the city of Boston, Massachusetts, to face its coldest Valentine's Day in four decades. ](/news/2016/02/13/a-dangerous-cold-snap-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-with-the-city-of-boston-massachusetts-to-face-its-coldest-valentine-s-day-in-fou.md) _Context: Boston_
7. [During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. ](/news/2015/09/7/during-u-s-labor-day-holiday-activities-in-boston-president-barack-obama-announces-a-new-executive-order-requiring-federal-government-cont.md) _Context: Boston_
8. [Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. ](/news/2015/08/23/authorities-arrest-two-iowa-men-in-saugus-massachusetts-after-heavy-firearms-are-discovered-in-their-hotel-room-the-two-men-had-made-threa.md) _Context: Boston_
9. [ Norwegian Cruise Line's "Norwegian Dawn" ran aground three miles off Bermuda when departing for a return trip to Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.. ](/news/2015/05/19/norwegian-cruise-line-s-norwegian-dawn-ran-aground-three-miles-off-bermuda-when-departing-for-a-return-trip-to-boston-massachusetts-u-s.md) _Context: Boston_
10. [Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. ](/news/2015/04/15/former-american-football-player-aaron-hernandez-is-convicted-of-murder-in-the-first-degree-in-the-town-of-fall-river-massachusetts-hernand.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
