### [2004-07-27](/news/2004/07/27/index.md)

#  A lower French court annuls the same-sex union of Stephane Chapin and Bertrand Charpentier, stating that the Civil Code does not allow same-sex unions and that allowing them is for the legislature. The couple say they will appeal against the court's ruling, even to the European Court of Human Rights. The mayor who officiated at the ceremony, Noel Mamere of the left-wing Greens Party, had been suspended from duties for one month by the national executive. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://ap.washingtontimes.com/dynamic/stories/F/FRANCE_GAY_MARRIAGE?SITE=DCTMS&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice-and-violates-the-right.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
3. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: mayor_
4. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: appealed_
5. [ The former prime minister of Egypt, Ahmed Nazif, is sentenced to five years in prison after losing appeal against 3-year prison sentence for corruption. ](/news/2015/07/22/the-former-prime-minister-of-egypt-ahmed-nazif-is-sentenced-to-five-years-in-prison-after-losing-appeal-against-3-year-prison-sentence-fo.md) _Context: appealed_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights orders Turkey to pay $124 million in compensation for the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus, which established the internationally unrecognized state of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. ](/news/2014/05/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-orders-turkey-to-pay-124-million-in-compensation-for-the-1974-turkish-invasion-of-cyprus-which-establis.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
7. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
8. [The United Kingdom's Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling tells the House of Commons that a European Court of Human Rights ruling on prisoner votes can be defied. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-united-kingdom-s-lord-chancellor-chris-grayling-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-a-european-court-of-human-rights-ruling-on-prisoner-vote.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia violated the rights of ten relatives of victims of the 1940 Katyn Massacre, and describes the massacre as a war crime. ](/news/2012/04/16/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-violated-the-rights-of-ten-relatives-of-victims-of-the-1940-katyn-massacre-and-describ.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
10. [Abu Qatada, accused of being one of the United Kingdom's most dangerous preachers of Islamic extremism, is released from prison following a ruling from the European Court of Human Rights last week. ](/news/2012/02/13/abu-qatada-accused-of-being-one-of-the-united-kingdom-s-most-dangerous-preachers-of-islamic-extremism-is-released-from-prison-following-a.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
