### [2004-07-27](/news/2004/07/27/index.md)

#  Guerilla mortar fire, directed at the Green Zone in Baghdad, strikes the nearby neighborhood of Salhiya, killing an Iraqi garbage collector, wounding another, and injuring 15 U.S. soldiers. Dr. Qassem el-Obaidi, assistant director of Mahmudiya hospital, is assassinated in Mahmudiya, 25 miles south of Baghdad. A suicide bomber launches a failed attack in Baquba, north of Baghdad, killing himself but inflicting no other casualties. The Jordanian company Daoud and Partners decides to withdraw from Iraq, so as to secure the release of two Jordanian hostages.




### Related:

1. [ At least four are killed and 90 injured among protesters who stormed the Green Zone in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/05/21/at-least-four-are-killed-and-90-injured-among-protesters-who-stormed-the-green-zone-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
2. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
3. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
4. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
5. [A suicide attack kills at least fifteen people and wounds forty people at a Shia funeral in Baquba, north of Baghdad.](/news/2012/06/18/a-suicide-attack-kills-at-least-fifteen-people-and-wounds-forty-people-at-a-shia-funeral-in-baquba-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
6. [ Iraqi insurgency: A roadside bomb kills two civilians near Baghdad's Green Zone. ](/news/2007/11/14/iraqi-insurgency-a-roadside-bomb-kills-two-civilians-near-baghdad-s-green-zone.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
7. [ Militants fire rockets on a United States military aircraft containing three US Senators (Richard Shelby, Mel Martinez and James Inhofe) as well as Rep. Bud Cramer as it leaves Baghdad for Amman in Jordan. ](/news/2007/08/30/militants-fire-rockets-on-a-united-states-military-aircraft-containing-three-us-senators-richard-shelby-mel-martinez-and-james-inhofe-as.md) _Context: Baghdad, Jordan_
8. [ Mortars hit the Green Zone in Baghdad. The Green Zone has been attacked at least 80 times since March, killing 26. ](/news/2007/07/10/mortars-hit-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-the-green-zone-has-been-attacked-at-least-80-times-since-march-killing-26.md) _Context: Baghdad, Green Zone_
9. [ Iraq War: At least 100 people are killed in two separate attacks on busy streets in Baghdad and Baquba. ](/news/2007/01/22/iraq-war-at-least-100-people-are-killed-in-two-separate-attacks-on-busy-streets-in-baghdad-and-baquba.md) _Context: Baghdad, Baquba_
10. [ At least 40 Iraqis are killed and dozens injured in the town of Mahmoudiya south of Baghdad in an insurgent attack. ](/news/2006/07/17/at-least-40-iraqis-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-town-of-mahmoudiya-south-of-baghdad-in-an-insurgent-attack.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mahmoudiya_
