### [2004-07-27](/news/2004/07/27/index.md)

#  Iran is alleged to have broken seals placed upon uranium centrifuges by the International Atomic Energy Agency and resumed their construction. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://ap.washingtontimes.com/dynamic/stories/N/NUCLEAR_AGENCY_IRAN?SITE=DCTMS&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [ A diplomat claims that an International Atomic Energy Agency document claims that Iran has assembled some 1,300 centrifuges at a key underground nuclear plant in Natanz and has started to feed them with the uranium gas necessary for enriching uranium. ](/news/2007/04/18/a-diplomat-claims-that-an-international-atomic-energy-agency-document-claims-that-iran-has-assembled-some-1-300-centrifuges-at-a-key-underg.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
2. [ Iran admits it possesses a design for a far more advanced high-speed centrifuge to enrich uranium than it previously revealed to the International Atomic Energy Agency after being confronted with evidence obtained from the secret network of nuclear suppliers surrounding Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan.](/news/2004/02/13/iran-admits-it-possesses-a-design-for-a-far-more-advanced-high-speed-centrifuge-to-enrich-uranium-than-it-previously-revealed-to-the-intern.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
3. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium_
4. [ Nuclear program of Iran: The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims that Iran now has 3,000 centrifuges. The International Atomic Energy Agency estimates the number at 2,000. ](/news/2007/09/2/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-claims-that-iran-now-has-3-000-centrifuges-the-international-atomic-ene.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, centrifuge_
5. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, centrifuge_
6. [ Iran states that it has resumed building nuclear centrifuges to enrich uranium, reversing an October 2003 pledge to Britain, France and Germany to suspend all uranium enrichment-related activities. The United States contends that the purpose is to produce weapons grade uranium. ](/news/2004/07/31/iran-states-that-it-has-resumed-building-nuclear-centrifuges-to-enrich-uranium-reversing-an-october-2003-pledge-to-britain-france-and-ger.md) _Context: Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
7. [ Iran's Supreme Council agrees to comply with the International Atomic Energy Agency, allow inspections of its nuclear facilities, and suspend its uranium enrichment program.](/news/2003/10/21/iran-s-supreme-council-agrees-to-comply-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-allow-inspections-of-its-nuclear-facilities-and-suspe.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium_
8. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium_
9. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
