### [2012-10-14](/news/2012/10/14/index.md)

# Former United States Senator Arlen Specter, who was vital in several United States Supreme Court nominations, dies at the age of 82, due to complications of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. 

For most of his 30 years as Pennsylvania&#x27;s longest-serving U.S. senator and prominent moderate in Congress, Arlen Specter was a Republican, though often at odds with the GOP leadership.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/longtime-gop-senate-moderate-arlen-specter-dies-165919376--politics.html)

### Related:

1. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senate, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senate, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [The United States Senate confirms the nomination of Elena Kagan as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-states-senate-confirms-the-nomination-of-elena-kagan-as-an-associate-justice-of-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Senate, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [ U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for United States Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor begin. ](/news/2009/07/13/u-s-senate-confirmation-hearings-for-united-states-supreme-court-nominee-sonia-sotomayor-begin.md) _Context: Senate, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Arlen Specter, Senate_
6. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: Senate, U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Senate_
8. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
