### [2017-05-24](/news/2017/05/24/index.md)

# 2017 Manchester Arena bombing. As part of an ongoing investigation, British police arrest six people in connection with Monday's deadly explosion, including a 23-year-old man who was taken into custody Tuesday. 

Three more arrests have been made in connection with the deadly suicide bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England, Monday, that killed 22 people including children and a police officer, authorities said today. The three men were arrested after police executed search warrants in...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/uk-police-arrest-connection-manchester-arena-attack/story?id=47602499)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-salman-abedi-20170524-story.html)
3. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/manchester-attacker-s-father-brother-arrested-in-libya-s-tripoli/story-GG7oUDd3N6UQ1Y88zKjIyL.html)
4. [Reuters](http://live.reuters.com/Event/Manchester_attack)
5. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-security-manchester-idUSKBN18K0K5)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, British police_
2. [One Love Manchester. The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
3. [ 2017 Manchester Arena bombing. The Manchester Victoria train station, adjoined to the Manchester Arena, re-opens more than a week after the terrorist bombing that killed 22.](/news/2017/05/30/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-the-manchester-victoria-train-station-adjoined-to-the-manchester-arena-re-opens-more-than-a-week-after-the.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
4. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing. Theresa May announces that the British terror threat level has been downgraded from "critical" to "severe" and that Operation Temperer will be phased out shortly, following productive counter-terrorism investigations. ](/news/2017/05/27/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-theresa-may-announces-that-the-british-terror-threat-level-has-been-downgraded-from-critical-to-severe-an.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
5. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
6. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing. Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-th.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
7. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) report deadly explosions at Manchester Arena in Manchester, England, at the end of Ariana Grande-s performance on her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-greater-manchester-police-gmp-report-deadly-explosions-at-manchester-arena-in-manchester-england-at-the-e.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
8. [United Kingdom police arrest a 21-year-old man in Berkshire in the hacking of Hong Kong-based electronic toy maker VTech. Details of more than six million people from servers used to support VTech's learning products app store were compromised. ](/news/2015/12/15/united-kingdom-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-man-in-berkshire-in-the-hacking-of-hong-kong-based-electronic-toy-maker-vtech-details-of-more-th.md) _Context: British police_
9. [British police resume the search for four people missing after an explosion at a mill in Cheshire. ](/news/2015/07/19/british-police-resume-the-search-for-four-people-missing-after-an-explosion-at-a-mill-in-cheshire.md) _Context: British police_
10. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of terrorism after Turkish authorities stop a group crossing the Syrian border. ](/news/2015/04/15/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-terrorism-after-turkish-authorities-stop-a-group-crossing-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: British police_
