### [2017-05-24](/news/2017/05/24/index.md)

# The Congressional Budget Office predicts that in the next decade, the new health care bill recently approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will reduce the federal deficit by $120 billion and leave 23 million more Americans uninsured, as opposed to current law. 

The Congressional Budget Office gave its projections Wednesday on the costs and impact of the version of the American Health Care Act passed by the House earlier this month.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2017/05/24/529893114/cbo-releases-score-for-house-approved-american-health-care-act)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/24/upshot/cbo-has-clear-message-about-losers-in-house-health-bill.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/include/images/facebook-default-wide.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
2. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
3. [The Congressional Budget Office estimates that in ten years the federal budget of U.S. President Donald Trump will produce a $720 billion deficit rather than a $16 billion surplus as claimed by the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-congressional-budget-office-estimates-that-in-ten-years-the-federal-budget-of-u-s-president-donald-trump-will-produce-a-720-billion-de.md) _Context: Congressional Budget Office_
4. [The U.S. Republican Party's leadership, facing strong opposition to the Senate version of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, postpones the planned vote on the bill, a setback to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-u-s-republican-party-s-leadership-facing-strong-opposition-to-the-senate-version-of-h-r-1628-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-p.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
5. [The U.S. Senate releases its version of the American Health Care Act of 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/the-u-s-senate-releases-its-version-of-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
7. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017_
8. [The Republican Party-controlled U.S. House of Representatives votes to raise the government's borrowing limit for the next year, without attaching conditions, and sends the measure to the Senate for approval. ](/news/2014/02/11/the-republican-party-controlled-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-raise-the-government-s-borrowing-limit-for-the-next-year-without-att.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
9. [Republican U.S. House of Representatives member Bill Young of Florida dies in office. ](/news/2013/10/18/republican-u-s-house-of-representatives-member-bill-young-of-florida-dies-in-office.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
10. [The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill/2012/11/16/b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.md) _Context: U.S. House of Representatives_
