### [2008-03-22](/news/2008/03/22/index.md)

#  Magdi Allam, the most prominent Muslim in Italy, converts to Catholicism and is baptized by Pope Benedict XVI. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20080323/ap_on_re_eu/pope_muslim_convert_9;_ylt=AiyM9ytVvhAToOVXUpBVAscE1vAI)

### Related:

1. [An internal plot among cardinals to kill Pope Benedict XVI is alleged in Italy. ](/news/2012/02/10/an-internal-plot-among-cardinals-to-kill-pope-benedict-xvi-is-alleged-in-italy.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Benedict XVI_
2. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: Italian, Muslim_
3. [ Pope Benedict XVI triggers a -scandalous poverty- debate in Argentina, with Buenos Aires province governor Daniel Scioli preparing to meet with all Catholic bishops of his area. ](/news/2009/08/10/pope-benedict-xvi-triggers-a-scandalous-poverty-debate-in-argentina-with-buenos-aires-province-governor-daniel-scioli-preparing-to-m.md) _Context: Catholic faithful, Pope Benedict XVI_
4. [ Pope Benedict XVI arrives in Brazil on his first visit to Latin America to reaffirm Catholicism in the region. ](/news/2007/05/9/pope-benedict-xvi-arrives-in-brazil-on-his-first-visit-to-latin-america-to-reaffirm-catholicism-in-the-region.md) _Context: Catholic faithful, Pope Benedict XVI_
5. [ Pope Benedict XVI is formally installed as Pope of the Catholic Church in an inaugural mass. ](/news/2005/04/24/pope-benedict-xvi-is-formally-installed-as-pope-of-the-catholic-church-in-an-inaugural-mass.md) _Context: Catholic faithful, Pope Benedict XVI_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique: France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Wildfires in Europe: Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-in-europe-wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-c.md) _Context: Italian_
