### [2016-05-5](/news/2016/05/5/index.md)

# Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." 

CHICAGO (AP) — The Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates will find out within the next few days if they will play in Puerto Rico this month. Commissioner Rob Manfred said Thursday that the announcement on whether the two-game…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/43867169505a4151925fcfe725947957/commissioner-decision-imminent-mlb-games-puerto-rico)

### Related:

1. [Some Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball players, who are scheduled to play a two-game series the end of May in San Juan, Puerto Rico, to honor Pirates Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente, are concerned about being exposed to the Zika virus. About 400 cases have been confirmed in the Commonwealth. ](/news/2016/04/21/some-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-baseball-players-who-are-scheduled-to-play-a-two-game-series-the-end-of-may-in-san-juan-puerto-r.md) _Context: Miami Marlins, Pittsburgh Pirates, Puerto Rico, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
2. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
3. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, Miami Marlins_
4. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Zika virus_
5. [  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-united-states-an-elderly-man-in-puerto-r.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Zika virus_
6. [Chile confirms its first case of sexually transmitted  Zika virus. The case involves a 46-year-old woman whose partner was infected while in Haiti. ](/news/2016/03/26/chile-confirms-its-first-case-of-sexually-transmitted-zika-virus-the-case-involves-a-46-year-old-woman-whose-partner-was-infected-while-in.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
7. [  Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year-old-havana-woman-wh.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
8. [The Polynesian state of Tonga declares a Zika virus epidemic with two confirmed cases and 265 suspected cases. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-polynesian-state-of-tonga-declares-a-zika-virus-epidemic-with-two-confirmed-cases-and-265-suspected-cases.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
9. [The first case of the Zika virus has been diagnosed in South Africa. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-has-been-diagnosed-in-south-africa.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
10. [Pope Francis indicates that contraceptives could be allowed, as  the "lesser of two evils" vis-a-vis the sin of abortion, in addressing the life-threatening problem the Zika virus presents. He noted that Pope Paul VI, "in a difficult situation in Africa, permitted nuns to use contraceptives in cases of rape". ](/news/2016/02/18/pope-francis-indicates-that-contraceptives-could-be-allowed-as-the-lesser-of-two-evils-vis-a-vis-the-sin-of-abortion-in-addressing-the.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
