### [2016-05-5](/news/2016/05/5/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine peso fell 0.3% continuing its drop three weeks in a row. 

The Philippine peso keeps on sliding as the May 9 presidential elections get closer. The currency has been falling for three weeks as the mayor of Davao City, Rodrigo Duterte, rises in opinion polls. Duterte ranked third in a Bloomberg survey last month that asked analysts who was the best candidate to run the economy.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-05/emerging-asset-declines-deepen-as-u-s-jobs-eyed-for-fed-course)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-05/philippine-peso-heads-for-third-weekly-drop-before-vote-chart)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/southeast-asia-stocks-idUSL3N1821MH)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos pays -36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-pays-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, [?]_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine peso sinks to become the "worst performing currency in Asia" as a result of a volatile and unpredictable presidential election. ](/news/2016/04/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-peso-sinks-to-become-the-worst-performing-currency-in-asia-as-a-result-of-a-volatil.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, [?]_
3. [Death of Jennifer Laude. The Court of Appeals of the Philippines has junked U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton's motion for reconsideration, re-affirming its decision last April upholding the 2015 homicide ruling of the Olongapo City Regional Trial Court; citing the defendant's arguments as mere "rehash of issues". The Court of Appeals also upheld the payment of - 4.32 million to Jennifer Laude's family for "loss of earning capacity". Pemberton faces 10 years in prison. ](/news/2017/08/20/death-of-jennifer-laude-the-court-of-appeals-of-the-philippines-has-junked-u-s-marine-joseph-scott-pemberton-s-motion-for-reconsideration.md) _Context: [?]_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [Moro conflict. Abu Sayyaf frees a Norwegian hostage for a ransom of -30 million (US$638,000) and releases three kidnapped Indonesians from Sabah. ](/news/2016/09/17/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-frees-a-norwegian-hostage-for-a-ransom-of-30-million-us-638-000-and-releases-three-kidnapped-indonesians-from.md) _Context: [?]_
7. [Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine stock market continues to fall for the fifth straight day due to fears about the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte. He continues to lead in opinion polls. ](/news/2016/05/4/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-stock-market-continues-to-fall-for-the-fifth-straight-day-due-to-fears-about-the-pres.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
10. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
