### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# A closed-door briefing occurs at New York City's United Nations building. Behind it around 150 non-American diplomats object to the American government about a decision by the country's banks to end services for diplomatic missions, with some diplomats suggesting the UN budget could be affected. 

Foreign diplomats complain to the US government about the decision by several US banks to end services for diplomatic missions.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-12188368)

### Related:

1. [Close to 300 landmarks in 60 countries, from the Pyramids in Egypt, to the Eiffel Tower in Paris, and the Empire State Building in New York, were lit up in blue -- the official color of the United Nations -- to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the world body. ](/news/2015/10/24/close-to-300-landmarks-in-60-countries-from-the-pyramids-in-egypt-to-the-eiffel-tower-in-paris-and-the-empire-state-building-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations appoints a special rapporteur to investigate the situation in Tibet, after hunger strikes occurred outside the United Nations Headquarters building in New York City. ](/news/2012/03/22/the-united-nations-appoints-a-special-rapporteur-to-investigate-the-situation-in-tibet-after-hunger-strikes-occurred-outside-the-united-nat.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
3. [World leaders arrive in New York City for a United Nations summit to discuss progress in implementing Millennium Development Goals. ](/news/2010/09/20/world-leaders-arrive-in-new-york-city-for-a-united-nations-summit-to-discuss-progress-in-implementing-millennium-development-goals.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
4. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations orders an investigation into how hazardous material from Iraq came to be in the United Nations headquarters in New York. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-orders-an-investigation-into-how-hazardous-material-from-iraq-came-to-be-in-the-united-nations.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
5. [ In Lebanon, United Nations team that investigates murder of Rafik Hariri, completes its mission. They will present their findings to secretary general Kofi Annan in New York ](/news/2005/03/15/in-lebanon-united-nations-team-that-investigates-murder-of-rafik-hariri-completes-its-mission-they-will-present-their-findings-to-secret.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
6. [For the first time in history, religious and spiritual leaders of the world's diverse faith traditions came together in New York to discuss how to forge a partnership of peace with the United Nations. ](/news/2000/08/28/for-the-first-time-in-history-religious-and-spiritual-leaders-of-the-world-s-diverse-faith-traditions-came-together-in-new-york-to-discuss.md) _Context: New York City, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
