### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# Amnesty International criticises the British government for spending nearly GBP1 billion on 30 Watchkeeper WK450 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) which Israel's military allegedly "field-tested on Palestinians" during the Gaza War. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/British-Troops-Train-In-Israel-To-Use-Drones-As-Critics-Claim-Equipment-Is-Tested-On-Palestinians/Article/201101215894470?lpos=UK_News_Top_Stories_Header_4&lid=ARTICLE_15894470_British_Troops_Train_In_Israel_To_Use_Drones_As_Critics_Claim_Equipment_Is_Tested_On_Palestinians)

### Related:

1. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Amnesty International, Israel_
2. [ A report by Amnesty International states that Israeli military activities and Palestinian militant rocket attacks during the Gaza War were war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/2/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-israeli-military-activities-and-palestinian-militant-rocket-attacks-during-the-gaza-war-were.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Amnesty International, Israel_
3. [Amnesty International accuses Israel of willfully committing war crimes against the Palestinians. ](/news/2014/02/27/amnesty-international-accuses-israel-of-willfully-committing-war-crimes-against-the-palestinians.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
4. [Amnesty International issues a report claiming that Israel is guilty of torture and human rights violations, but the report is criticised as biased because of the alleged involvement of an anti-Israel activist in its writing. ](/news/2012/06/8/amnesty-international-issues-a-report-claiming-that-israel-is-guilty-of-torture-and-human-rights-violations-but-the-report-is-criticised-as.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
5. [Gaza War:. Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/04/2/gaza-war-israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-disavow-the-goldstone-report-after-the-report-s-author-judge-richard-goldstone-says-that-he-r.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
6. [Two attempts in South Africa to arrest former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni for alleged war crimes during the war on Gaza are rejected. ](/news/2011/01/19/two-attempts-in-south-africa-to-arrest-former-israeli-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-for-alleged-war-crimes-during-the-war-on-gaza-are-rejecte.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
7. [Dr Ezzeldeen Abu al-Aish files a lawsuit against Israel one day before the second anniversary of Israel's War on Gaza. Abu al-Aish's three daughters were killed at home by Israeli forces on live television on 16 January 2009 as the gynaecologist was doing an interview with Israel's Channel 10 television. ](/news/2010/12/26/dr-ezzeldeen-abu-al-aish-files-a-lawsuit-against-israel-one-day-before-the-second-anniversary-of-israel-s-war-on-gaza-abu-al-aish-s-three-d.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
8. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
9. [An Israeli military tribunal convicts two Israeli soldiers for using a Palestinian child as a human shield during an offensive in Gaza in 2009, said to be the first conviction of its kind in Israel's history. ](/news/2010/10/3/an-israeli-military-tribunal-convicts-two-israeli-soldiers-for-using-a-palestinian-child-as-a-human-shield-during-an-offensive-in-gaza-in-20.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
10. [Israel's military police investigates an air raid that killed at least 21 members of a single family and injured 19 others during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2010/10/24/israel-s-military-police-investigates-an-air-raid-that-killed-at-least-21-members-of-a-single-family-and-injured-19-others-during-the-2008-2.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel_
