### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# In the UK, Labour wins the Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election with a majority of more than 3,500. 

Labour win the Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election with a majority of more than 3,500, holding off the challenge of the Liberal Democrats.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12187965)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the English constituency of Oldham East and Saddleworth go to the polls for a by-election resulting in a win by Labour candidate Debbie Abrahams. ](/news/2011/01/13/voters-in-the-english-constituency-of-oldham-east-and-saddleworth-go-to-the-polls-for-a-by-election-resulting-in-a-win-by-labour-candidate-d.md) _Context: Labour Party, Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election_
2. [Politics in the United Kingdom:Former British Labour MP Phil Woolas loses his appeal to overturn an election court ruling that stripped him of his Parliamentary seat, thus triggering a by-election in his constituency. ](/news/2010/12/3/politics-in-the-united-kingdom-pformer-british-labour-mp-phil-woolas-loses-his-appeal-to-overturn-an-election-court-ruling-that-stripped-him.md) _Context: Labour Party, Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election_
3. [Early results from yesterday's elections indicate that the Conservative Party has gained ground, while the Labour Party and the UK Independence Party have lost ground. ](/news/2017/05/5/early-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-indicate-that-the-conservative-party-has-gained-ground-while-the-labour-party-and-the-uk-independe.md) _Context: Labour Party_
4. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Labour Party_
5. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party_
6. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Labour Party_
7. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Labour Party_
8. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Labour Party_
9. [The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-become-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after.md) _Context: Labour Party_
10. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed  as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.  A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Labour Party_
