### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# Israeli riot police and Palestinian youths clash in the East Jerusalem neighbourhood of Silwan. 

Violence linked to influx of Jewish settlers into Silwan in recent years, angering its 60,000 Palestinian residents.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/2011114165911135572.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat calls for the demolition of 22 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Barkat wants to build a tourist centre, while Palestinians say it is "forced displacement". Members of Israel's Meretz say they will resign their city council seats in protest. ](/news/2010/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-mayor-of-jerusalem-nir-barkat-calls-for-the-demolition-of-22-palestinian-homes-in-the-silwan-neighbourhood.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Silwan_
2. [Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters objecting to an "extremely provocative" march by settlers in Silwan in East Jerusalem, calling for the removal of Palestinians who live in the area. ](/news/2010/04/25/israeli-police-clash-with-palestinian-protesters-objecting-to-an-extremely-provocative-march-by-settlers-in-silwan-in-east-jerusalem-call.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Silwan_
3. [Israeli settlement: Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/israeli-settlement-following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-ne.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
4. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
5. [Israel-Palestine relations: Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-palestine-relations-israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palesti.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
8. [Arab-Israeli conflict: Violent clashes erupt between new Israeli settlers and Palestinians in the Silwan area of East Jerusalem with 13 Palestinians and four Israeli police injured. ](/news/2015/09/12/arab-israeli-conflict-violent-clashes-erupt-between-new-israeli-settlers-and-palestinians-in-the-silwan-area-of-east-jerusalem-with-13-pale.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Silwan_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
10. [Final approval is given for the building of 1,600 Israeli settler homes in "disputed" East Jerusalem by Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai despite a diplomatic rebuke Tuesday from the United States over earlier construction plans. ](/news/2011/08/11/final-approval-is-given-for-the-building-of-1-600-israeli-settler-homes-in-disputed-east-jerusalem-by-israeli-interior-minister-eli-yishai.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
