### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# The Obama administration in the United States eases travel and other restrictions on Cuba. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://blogs.abcnews.com/politicalpunch/2011/01/obama-administration-continues-to-loosen-rules-regarding-cuba.html#tp)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States_
2. [Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. ](/news/2015/09/17/along-with-15-other-international-envoys-cuban-diplomat-jose-ramon-cabaa-as-rodriguez-presents-his-credentials-to-u-s-president-barack-oba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Obama Administration_
3. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Obama Administration, United States_
4. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States_
8. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
9. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba_
10. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
