### [2011-01-14](/news/2011/01/14/index.md)

# Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2011/jan/14/mark-kennedy-eu-summit-protest)

### Related:

1. [British police undercover spy ring operating across Europe:Veteran Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins writes to the Irish Department of Justice regarding the activities of undercover British police officer Mark Kennedy, who infiltrated protest movements across Europe, including several on Republic of Ireland territory. He describes it as "of grave concern" and that "this type of activity undermines respect for the law and it is very sinister in that it can damage good causes." ](/news/2011/01/15/british-police-undercover-spy-ring-operating-across-europe-pveteran-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-writes-to-the-irish-department-of-jus.md) _Context: Labour Party, Michael D. Higgins, Republic of Ireland, TD_
2. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland, TD_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
4. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
5. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
6. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
7. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
8. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, TD_
9. [The European Union urges member states to conduct random tests to tackle an ongoing horse meat contamination scandal. Simon Coveney, Ireland's Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, says that the scandal is a "Europe-wide issue that needs a Europe-wide solution". ](/news/2013/02/13/the-european-union-urges-member-states-to-conduct-random-tests-to-tackle-an-ongoing-horse-meat-contamination-scandal-simon-coveney-ireland.md) _Context: EU, Republic of Ireland_
10. [Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/ireland-s-minister-of-state-for-primary-care-roisin-shortall-resigns-due-to-a-dispute-with-minister-for-health-james-reilly-she-also-resign.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
