### [2008-09-16](/news/2008/09/16/index.md)

#  Malcolm Turnbull is elected as the new leader of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia and Leader of the Opposition following a leadership spill. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,24353392-421,00.html?referrer=email)

### Related:

1. [ Tony Abbott becomes the leader of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia and Leader of the Opposition defeating Malcolm Turnbull by 42 votes to 41 following a party revolt over its position on the Rudd government's Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. ](/news/2009/12/1/tony-abbott-becomes-the-leader-of-the-federal-liberal-party-of-australia-and-leader-of-the-opposition-defeating-malcolm-turnbull-by-42-vote.md) _Context: Leader of the Opposition, Liberal Party, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [Malcolm Turnbull is sworn in as the Prime Minister of Australia following his election to the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia. ](/news/2015/09/15/malcolm-turnbull-is-sworn-in-as-the-prime-minister-of-australia-following-his-election-to-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Malcolm Turnbull_
4. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [Australian federal election, 2013:Voters in Australia go to the polls for a federal election with the Liberal-National Coalition Opposition led by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott winning government. ](/news/2013/09/7/australian-federal-election-2013-pvoters-in-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-the-liberal-national-coalition-opposition.md) _Context: Leader of the Opposition, Liberal Party_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
7. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
8. [Incumbent Australian Senator Cory Bernardi defects from the centre-right Liberal Party of Australia to establish his own minor party, the Australian Conservatives. ](/news/2017/02/7/incumbent-australian-senator-cory-bernardi-defects-from-the-centre-right-liberal-party-of-australia-to-establish-his-own-minor-party-the-au.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
9. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-tu.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
10. [Susan Kiefel is appointed by Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull as the next Chief Justice of Australia. She will be sworn in at the end of January next year, and will become Australia's first female Chief Justice. ](/news/2016/11/29/susan-kiefel-is-appointed-by-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-as-the-next-chief-justice-of-australia-she-will-be-sworn-in-at-the.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
