### [2012-08-30](/news/2012/08/30/index.md)

# At least 26 miners are killed and 21 still missing after Wednesday's blast in the Xiaojiawan coal mine, located at Panzhihua in Sichuan Province, China. 

An explosion in a Chinese coal mine killed 26 miners and 21 others were still unaccounted for after a day in the gas-filled pit, the Xinhua news agency said, marking one of the biggest disasters of the year in the accident-plagued industry.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg Businessweek](http://www.businessweek.com/ap/2012-08-30/19-killed-in-coal-mine-blast-in-southwest-china)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/30/us-china-mine-idUSBRE87T0S520120830)

### Related:

1. [Twenty people are injured in China's Sichuan province following clashes with police over a proposed chemical plant, protesters and officials say. In a separate protest, riot police dispersed a group of parents who lost their children in the devastating 2008 earthquake after they tried to meet with the mayor of Deyang city to discuss compensation claims. ](/news/2011/01/24/twenty-people-are-injured-in-china-s-sichuan-province-following-clashes-with-police-over-a-proposed-chemical-plant-protesters-and-officials.md) _Context: Chinese, Sichuan Province_
2. [ China: Authorities in the People's Republic of China are preparing to evacuate more than a million people from Sichuan Province as they prepare to drain Tangjiashan Lake created by the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. ](/news/2008/05/31/china-p-authorities-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-are-preparing-to-evacuate-more-than-a-million-people-from-sichuan-province-as-they-pr.md) _Context: Chinese, Sichuan Province_
3. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: Chinese_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Chinese_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: Chinese_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: Chinese_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Chinese_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Chinese_
9. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: Chinese_
10. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Chinese_
