### [2012-08-30](/news/2012/08/30/index.md)

# Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/politicalintelligence/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accept-nomination-address-delegates-and-nation-gop-convention/t8yQrtATK3Q4Y3IlRjUd5J/story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans, United States presidential election, 2012_
2. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans, United States presidential election, 2012_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama spent more than an hour with Mitt Romney at the White House, as the one-time rivals shared lunch and discussed their ideas for the first time since the 2012 election. ](/news/2012/11/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-spent-more-than-an-hour-with-mitt-romney-at-the-white-house-as-the-one-time-rivals-shared-lunch-and-discussed-t.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
4. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans_
5. [Voters in the US state of Texas go to the polls for primary elections, with Mitt Romney securing the Republican nomination in the Republican primary. ](/news/2012/05/29/voters-in-the-us-state-of-texas-go-to-the-polls-for-primary-elections-with-mitt-romney-securing-the-republican-nomination-in-the-republican.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans_
6. [United States presidential election, 2012: Newt Gingrich suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Mitt Romney is declared the presumptive nominee. ](/news/2012/05/2/united-states-presidential-election-2012-newt-gingrich-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-mitt-romney-is-declared.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
7. [In the United States, prospective Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemns same-sex marriage as illegitimate. At the evangelical Christian Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, he describes marriage as exclusively "a relationship between one man and one woman." ](/news/2012/05/12/in-the-united-states-prospective-republican-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-condemns-same-sex-marriage-as-illegitimate-at-the-evangelic.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans_
8. [United States Presidential election:Voters in the US states of Maryland and Wisconsin as well as Washington, D.C. go to the polls for Republican primaries with Mitt Romney projected as the winner in all three contests. ](/news/2012/04/3/united-states-presidential-election-pvoters-in-the-us-states-of-maryland-and-wisconsin-as-well-as-washington-d-c-go-to-the-polls-for-repub.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
9. [United States presidential election, 2012:American politician Rick Santorum suspends his candidacy for the Republican nomination, increasing the likelihood that Mitt Romney will be the nominee. ](/news/2012/04/10/united-states-presidential-election-2012-pamerican-politician-rick-santorum-suspends-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nomination-increasin.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
10. [Republican voters in the US state of Washington go to the polls for caucuses, with Mitt Romney winning. ](/news/2012/03/3/republican-voters-in-the-us-state-of-washington-go-to-the-polls-for-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-winning.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republicans_
