### [2012-08-30](/news/2012/08/30/index.md)

# Pemex, Mexico's state-owned oil company, finds a large crude oil deposit in the northern state of Tamaulipas. The deposits could contain 250 million to 400 million barrels of oil - nearly one-third of the company's annual production. 




### Source:

1. [GlobalPost](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/americas/mexico/120830/mexico-pemex-deep-water-crude-oil-deposit)

### Related:

1. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: PEMEX_
2. [Mexican international football player Alan Pulido, who plays for Olympiacos F.C., is kidnapped by masked men near his home in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas. He is later rescued. ](/news/2016/05/29/mexican-international-football-player-alan-pulido-who-plays-for-olympiacos-f-c-is-kidnapped-by-masked-men-near-his-home-in-ciudad-victori.md) _Context: Tamaulipas_
3. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: PEMEX_
4. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: PEMEX_
5. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: PEMEX_
6. [Mexico's Congress passes a bill that will allow foreign investment in its state-run oil company, Pemex. The measure still requires the approval of a majority of the country's federal entities. date=December 2013](/news/2013/12/12/mexico-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-will-allow-foreign-investment-in-its-state-run-oil-company-pemex-the-measure-still-requires-the-appro.md) _Context: PEMEX_
7. [Mexican Drug War:. Gulf Cartel leader Mario Ramirez Trevino is arrested in the state of Tamaulipas. ](/news/2013/08/17/mexican-drug-war-gulf-cartel-leader-mario-ramarez-trevia-o-is-arrested-in-the-state-of-tamaulipas.md) _Context: Tamaulipas_
8. [Mexican Drug War:. Recent report from Stratfor indicates that at least 60 people were killed in Tamaulipas state in March, after the Gulf Cartel leaders Miguel "El Gringo" Villarreal and Mario Ramirez Trevino fought for control of the organization. ](/news/2013/04/5/mexican-drug-war-recent-report-from-stratfor-indicates-that-at-least-60-people-were-killed-in-tamaulipas-state-in-march-after-the-gulf-ca.md) _Context: Tamaulipas_
9. [Mexican Drug War:. The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. ](/news/2013/04/2/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-police-find-9-mutilated-bodies-inside-a-suv-with-texas-license-plates-in-the-northern-state-of-tamaulipas-me.md) _Context: Tamaulipas_
10. [The Mexican Navy frees 104 Central American kidnapped migrants from a house in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas. ](/news/2013/03/10/the-mexican-navy-frees-104-central-american-kidnapped-migrants-from-a-house-in-nuevo-laredo-tamaulipas.md) _Context: Tamaulipas_
