### [2012-08-30](/news/2012/08/30/index.md)

# United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. 




### Source:

1. [China Post](http://www.chinapost.com.tw/international/middle-east/2012/08/31/352771/Iran-summit.htm)

### Related:

1. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council, United Nations Security Council resolution_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Israel, Non-aligned Movement, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear program_
5. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
6. [Daniel B. Shapiro, United States ambassador to Israel, says that the United States "is ready" to attack Iran to prevent the development of nuclear weapons within Iran. ](/news/2012/05/17/daniel-b-shapiro-united-states-ambassador-to-israel-says-that-the-united-states-is-ready-to-attack-iran-to-prevent-the-development-of-n.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear program_
7. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
8. [British Defence Secretary Liam Fox says that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and that the assessment of Meir Dagan, outgoing director of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad, that Iran would not be able to produce a nuclear bomb before 2015 could be overly optimistic; Iran rejects Fox's remarks.](/news/2011/01/31/british-defence-secretary-liam-fox-says-that-iran-could-have-a-nuclear-weapon-by-next-year-and-that-the-assessment-of-meir-dagan-outgoing-d.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear program_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is welcoming Iran's invitation for a visit next year by the United Nations' human rights chief, Navi Pillay ](/news/2010/11/20/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-is-welcoming-iran-s-invitation-for-a-visit-next-year-by-the-united-nations-human-rights-chief.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Iran, Secretary General_
10. [Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem sends a letter to Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon in which he writes charges against three Israelis charged with spying for Syria are "baseless" and "fabricated". ](/news/2010/08/5/syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-sends-a-letter-to-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-in-which-he-writes-charges-again.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
