### [2012-11-29](/news/2012/11/29/index.md)

# Barcelona's Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta, and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo are named in shortlist for 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or prize for best player of the year. 




### Source:

1. [Goal.com](http://www.goal.com/en-gb/news/3871/fifa-ballon-dor/2012/11/29/3565531/voters-get-it-right-this-time-as-messi-ronaldo-iniesta-make)

### Related:

1. [In association football, Lionel Messi of Argentina wins the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or as the best player for a third consecutive time. Abby Wambach of the United States wins the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award, the first time in ten years that an American has won the award. ](/news/2013/01/7/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-argentina-wins-the-2012-fifa-ballon-d-or-as-the-best-player-for-a-third-consecutive-time-abby-wamb.md) _Context: 2012, FIFA Ballon d'Or, Lionel Messi_
2. [El Clasico: Real Madrid and Barcelona play a 1-1 draw in the first leg of their 2012-13 Copa del Rey semifinal at Santiago Bernabeu Stadium. Lionel Messi's streak of scoring in 16 straight matches ends. ](/news/2013/01/30/el-cla-sico-real-madrid-and-barcelona-play-a-1a1-draw-in-the-first-leg-of-their-2012a13-copa-del-rey-semifinal-at-santiago-bernabeu-sta.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, Real Madrid_
3. [Lionel Messi wins ''World Soccer'''s 2012 Player of the Year award ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo and Andres Iniesta. Vicente del Bosque is chosen as the Manager of the Year. ](/news/2012/12/14/lionel-messi-wins-world-soccer-s-2012-player-of-the-year-award-ahead-of-cristiano-ronaldo-and-andra-c-s-iniesta-vicente-del-bosque-is-cho.md) _Context: Andres Iniesta, Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi_
4. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
5. [Days after his hat-trick broke the Primera Division's 59-year goal-scoring record, Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scores another hat-trick in Nicosia to become the UEFA Champions League all-time top scorer. ](/news/2014/11/25/days-after-his-hat-trick-broke-the-primera-divisia3n-s-59-year-goal-scoring-record-barcelona-striker-lionel-messi-scores-another-hat-trick.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
6. [In football, Argentinian Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona sets a new goal scoring record in La Liga of 253 goals. ](/news/2014/11/22/in-football-argentinian-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-sets-a-new-goal-scoring-record-in-la-liga-of-253-goals.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
7. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Real Madrid_
8. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: Cristiano Ronaldo, Real Madrid_
9. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
10. [In the 2012-13 La Liga, Real Madrid defeated Sevilla 4-1 in a game played at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick. ](/news/2013/02/9/in-the-2012a13-la-liga-real-madrid-defeated-sevilla-4a1-in-a-game-played-at-the-santiago-bernaba-c-u-stadium-in-madrid-cristiano-ronaldo.md) _Context: Cristiano Ronaldo, Real Madrid_
