### [2012-11-29](/news/2012/11/29/index.md)

# George H. W. Bush is admitted in stable condition to The Methodist Hospital of the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. The 88-year-old served as the 41st President of the United States from 1989 till 1993 and was hospitalized due to a severe cough and bronchitis but is expected to be discharged within 72 hours. 

Former president, 88, has been in the hospital for a week battling a cough; condition not considered life threatening


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-34222_162-57556182-10391739/george-h.w-bush-hospitalization-draws-concern/)
2. [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2012/11/29/former-president-george-h-w-bush-hospitalized/)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/11/29/former-president-george-hw-bush-reportedly-hospitalized-in-houston-for/)
4. [NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/11/29/15543363-former-president-george-hw-bush-88-hospitalized-with-bronchitis)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is released from The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, after more than seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis. ](/news/2013/01/14/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-released-from-the-methodist-hospital-in-houston-texas-after-more-than-seven-weeks-of-treatment.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, Houston, Texas, The Methodist Hospital, bronchitis_
2. [Former U.S. President, 88-year-old George H. W. Bush, still receiving visitors, remains hospitalized (since 23 November) at The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, where he resides during the winter, with a receding bronchitis-like cough but with a now-rising and long-lasting fever, and has been put in intensive care on a liquids-only diet for unspecified reasons. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-u-s-president-88-year-old-george-h-w-bush-still-receiving-visitors-remains-hospitalized-since-23-november-at-the-methodist-ho.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, Houston, Texas, The Methodist Hospital, bronchitis_
3. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, President_
4. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
5. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham,  west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
6. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out  businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election.  Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote.  King conceded defeat and encouraged  Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election.  ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-tur.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
7. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
8. [Six construction workers, injured when scaffolding at an unfinished building collapsed in Houston, Texas (US), are rushed to area hospitals with  non-life threatening injuries. Firefighters continue to sift through the debris for other potential victims. ](/news/2015/10/16/six-construction-workers-injured-when-scaffolding-at-an-unfinished-building-collapsed-in-houston-texas-us-are-rushed-to-area-hospitals.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
9. [Two students die and three others are injured after a school bus is struck by another vehicle and swerves off an Interstate 610 overpass in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2015/09/15/two-students-die-and-three-others-are-injured-after-a-school-bus-is-struck-by-another-vehicle-and-swerves-off-an-interstate-610-overpass-in.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
10. [A US Appeals Court rules that President Barack Obama will not be able to implement his executive action on immigration while it is being challenged by Texas and 25 other states. ](/news/2015/05/26/a-us-appeals-court-rules-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-be-able-to-implement-his-executive-action-on-immigration-while-it-is-being-cha.md) _Context: President, Texas_
