### [2012-11-29](/news/2012/11/29/index.md)

# Lord Leveson announces the findings of the Leveson Inquiry into the British media. 

Coalition partners David Cameron and Nick Clegg take differing views on laws to regulate the press, as they face MPs about the Leveson report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20539239)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/11/28/business/uk-leveson-media-report/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people sign an online petition requesting the "Daily Mail" to sack its controversial columnist Richard Littlejohn after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/26/thousands-of-people-sign-an-online-petition-requesting-the-daily-mail-to-sack-its-controversial-columnist-richard-littlejohn-after-the-pos.md) _Context: British media_
2. [Hundreds of people gather outside "Daily Mail" headquarters to hold a vigil after the possible hounding to death of a primary school teacher Lucy Meadows by the British media. ](/news/2013/03/25/hundreds-of-people-gather-outside-daily-mail-headquarters-to-hold-a-vigil-after-the-possible-hounding-to-death-of-a-primary-school-teacher.md) _Context: British media_
3. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
5. [At the Leveson Inquiry into media standards Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond claims that "The Observer" accessed his bank account records in the run up to the 1999 Scottish Parliament election. ](/news/2012/06/13/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-standards-scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-claims-that-the-observer-accessed-his-bank-account-record.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
6. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
7. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
8. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
9. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
10. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry_
