### [2012-11-29](/news/2012/11/29/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama spent more than an hour with Mitt Romney at the White House, as the one-time rivals shared lunch and discussed their ideas for the first time since the 2012 election. 

President Barack Obama and his vanquished Republican challenger, Mitt Romney, sat down for lunch at the White House on Thursday as they sought to put their bitterly fought presidential campaign behind them and make a show of political harmony.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/29/us-usa-obama-romney-idUSBRE8AS19820121129)

### Related:

1. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
2. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
3. [The U.S. President Barack Obama announces a plan to tax crude oil $10 a barrel in order to fund infrastructure spending, according to a White House statement. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-a-plan-to-tax-crude-oil-10-a-barrel-in-order-to-fund-infrastructure-spending-according-to-a-whit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
5. [The US Secret Service locks down the White House after a loud noise (later revealed to be a burned-out souvenir truck) is heard on the South Lawn, moments before U.S. President Barack Obama and his family were due to take off by helicopter. He and his family were not yet on the South Lawn when the noise was heard. ](/news/2015/03/7/the-us-secret-service-locks-down-the-white-house-after-a-loud-noise-later-revealed-to-be-a-burned-out-souvenir-truck-is-heard-on-the-south.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
6. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in a formal visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories, states that "Palestinians deserve a state of their own". ](/news/2013/03/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-a-formal-visit-to-israel-and-the-palestinian-territories-states-that-palestinians-deserve-a-state-of-their.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
8. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
9. [The United States Congress officially declares President Barack Obama the winner of the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2013/01/4/the-united-states-congress-officially-declares-president-barack-obama-the-winner-of-the-2012-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States presidential election, 2012_
10. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House_
