### [2005-09-8](/news/2005/09/8/index.md)

#  Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko fires Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and most of his cabinet amid accusations of graft and serious infighting. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050908/wl_nm/ukraine_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ Yulia Tymoshenko is appointed Prime Minister of Ukraine as one of President Viktor Yushchenko's first official acts, before a state visit in Moscow. Her post still requires ratification by the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament. ](/news/2005/01/24/yulia-tymoshenko-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-ukraine-as-one-of-president-viktor-yushchenko-s-first-official-acts-before-a-state-visit-i.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
3. [Euromaidan:. Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko sends a letter of support to Ukrainian protesters after they topple a statue of Lenin. ](/news/2013/12/9/euromaidan-former-prime-minister-of-ukraine-yulia-tymoshenko-sends-a-letter-of-support-to-ukrainian-protesters-after-they-topple-a-statue.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine, Yulia Tymoshenko_
4. [Ukrainian opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko is charged with misusing state funds while serving as Prime Minister. ](/news/2010/12/20/ukrainian-opposition-leader-yulia-tymoshenko-is-charged-with-misusing-state-funds-while-serving-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine, Yulia Tymoshenko_
5. [ 2008 Ukrainian political crisis:. Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko dissolves Parliament and calls an early election. ](/news/2008/10/8/2008-ukrainian-political-crisis-ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-dissolves-parliament-and-calls-an-early-election.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [ Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". ](/news/2008/10/2/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-may-face-impeachment-on-charges-of-undermining-national-security-and-illegal-arms-trade-with-georgi.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
7. [ Several thousand Ukrainian Interior Ministry troops head for Kiev in defiance of orders to support President Viktor Yushchenko. ](/news/2007/05/26/several-thousand-ukrainian-interior-ministry-troops-head-for-kiev-in-defiance-of-orders-to-support-president-viktor-yushchenko.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
8. [ Ukraine's political crisis worsens after the President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko fires the prosecutor general Svyatoslav Piskun. Piskun has defied the order and his supporters have occupied government buildings. ](/news/2007/05/25/ukraine-s-political-crisis-worsens-after-the-president-of-ukraine-viktor-yushchenko-fires-the-prosecutor-general-svyatoslav-piskun-piskun.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
9. [ Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko signs a decree delaying the 2007 parliamentary election from May 27 to June 24. ](/news/2007/04/25/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-signs-a-decree-delaying-the-2007-parliamentary-election-from-may-27-to-june-24.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
10. [ Ukrainian political rivals rally in Kiev in response to the threat that President Viktor Yushchenko might dissolve the parliament and call for new elections. ](/news/2007/04/1/ukrainian-political-rivals-rally-in-kiev-in-response-to-the-threat-that-president-viktor-yushchenko-might-dissolve-the-parliament-and-call.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko_
