### [2007-01-9](/news/2007/01/9/index.md)

#  CIA Kidnap case: Hearings begin in Italy on whether to charge 25 CIA agents with kidnapping for the "extraordinary rendition" of Osama Nasr in 2003. The named agents have left the country. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/5BE47410-D116-4168-BDC7-C4EF701F108E.htm)
2. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6243991.stm)

### Related:

1. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, extraordinary rendition_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him -60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit dismisses a lawsuit associated with the Central Intelligence Agency's practice of "extraordinary rendition". ](/news/2010/09/8/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-dismisses-a-lawsuit-associated-with-the-central-intelligence-agency-s-practice-of.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
4. [The United Kingdom is accused of complicity in torture in Afghanistan as peace campaigner Maya Evans seeks a judicial review of the government's role in the extraordinary rendition of suspects. ](/news/2010/04/20/the-united-kingdom-is-accused-of-complicity-in-torture-in-afghanistan-as-peace-campaigner-maya-evans-seeks-a-judicial-review-of-the-governme.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
5. [ An Italian judge has ordered 26 U.S. citizens, most of them CIA agents, to stand trial over the kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in Milan in 2003. ](/news/2007/02/16/an-italian-judge-has-ordered-26-u-s-citizens-most-of-them-cia-agents-to-stand-trial-over-the-kidnapping-of-an-egyptian-cleric-in-milan-i.md) _Context: Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr_
6. [ Germany has ordered the arrest of 13 suspected CIA agents over the alleged kidnapping of Khalid El-Masri. ](/news/2007/01/31/germany-has-ordered-the-arrest-of-13-suspected-cia-agents-over-the-alleged-kidnapping-of-khalid-el-masri.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
7. [ A judicial panel in Canada finds that Canadian citizen Maher Arar was falsely accused when he was secretly extradited by the United States to Syria, and that he was tortured there. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-judicial-panel-in-canada-finds-that-canadian-citizen-maher-arar-was-falsely-accused-when-he-was-secretly-extradited-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
8. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
9. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
10. [ The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-by-the-cia-because-he-was-mistaken-for-another-person-is-dismissed-by-a.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition_
