### [2007-01-9](/news/2007/01/9/index.md)

#  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev nominates Deputy Prime Minister Karim Masimov for Prime Minister. The Parliament will convene on 10 January to vote on the nomination. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/view.php?StoryID=20070109-092709-1103r)

### Related:

1. [ Kazakhstan political shakeup of 2007: Karim Masimov is confirmed by the Parliament of Kazakhstan as Prime Minister. Massimov appoints his former superior and political rival Daniyal Akhmetov to Defense Minister and Economy Minister Aslan Musin to Deputy Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/01/10/kazakhstan-political-shakeup-of-2007-karim-masimov-is-confirmed-by-the-parliament-of-kazakhstan-as-prime-minister-massimov-appoints-his-f.md) _Context: Karim Masimov, Prime Minister, parliament_
2. [ Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych arrives in Kazakhstan. He plans on meeting with Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and Prime Minister Daniyal Akhmetov. ](/news/2006/12/13/ukrainian-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-arrives-in-kazakhstan-he-plans-on-meeting-with-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-prime.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's, Prime Minister_
3. [Karim Masimov resigns as the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan after serving for five years. ](/news/2012/09/24/karim-masimov-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-kazakhstan-after-serving-for-five-years.md) _Context: Karim Masimov, Prime Minister_
4. [The Parliament of Kazakhstan unanimously approves a referendum extending President Nursultan Nazarbayev's rule until 2020. ](/news/2011/01/14/the-parliament-of-kazakhstan-unanimously-approves-a-referendum-extending-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-s-rule-until-2020.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's, parliament_
5. [ The Parliament of Kazakhstan votes to allow the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev to stand for an unlimited number of terms. ](/news/2007/05/18/the-parliament-of-kazakhstan-votes-to-allow-the-president-of-kazakhstan-nursultan-nazarbayev-to-stand-for-an-unlimited-number-of-terms.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's, parliament_
6. [ Rakhat Aliyev, son-in-law of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and First Vice Foreign Minister, is demoted to ambassador to Austria for the second time amid accusations he stole money from Nurbank bank and alleged involvement in the kidnapping and murdering of two Nurbank officials. ](/news/2007/02/11/rakhat-aliyev-son-in-law-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-first-vice-foreign-minister-is-demoted-to-ambassador-to-austria-for.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
7. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev condemns the Iranian government for acting "as the center of growing insecurity in Asia" by supporting terrorism, weapons and drug trafficking, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and illegal migration. The Foreign Ministry later says news agencies misquoted him. ](/news/2006/12/19/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-condemns-the-iranian-government-for-acting-as-the-center-of-growing-insecurity-in-asia-by-supportin.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
8. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev calls on the Government to switch the alphabet used in the Kazakh language from Cyrillic letters to Latin. ](/news/2006/11/17/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-calls-on-the-government-to-switch-the-alphabet-used-in-the-kazakh-language-from-cyrillic-letters-to-l.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
9. [ Dariga Nazarbayeva, daughter of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, says it is time for Kazakhstan to "stop behaving like an obedient colony that bows to a foreign gentleman," referring to Lakshmi Mittal of Arcelor Mittal, "whose name appears on the ''Forbes'' magazine list." ](/news/2006/10/21/dariga-nazarbayeva-daughter-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-says-it-is-time-for-kazakhstan-to-stop-behaving-like-an-obedient-co.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
10. [Voting is underway in today's parliamentary election in the former Soviet republic. President Nursultan Nazarbayev's Nur Otan party  is expected to win easily,  and retain control of the 107-seat Mazhilis, the lower house of parliament.  The recent crackdown on political activists and media dims chances this election will be the first judged free and fair by Western observers. ](/news/2016/03/20/voting-is-underway-in-today-s-parliamentary-election-in-the-former-soviet-republic-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-s-nur-otan-party-is-expe.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
