### [2003-11-11](/news/2003/11/11/index.md)

#  Large parts of central London are to be sealed off during US President George W. Bush's state visit to the United Kingdom next week. Due to security concerns Bush is to be denied the traditional state ceremonial carriage-ride up the Mall to Buckingham Palace normally accorded to heads of state.




### Related:

1. [A man is arrested after attempting to enter Buckingham Palace, London, while in possession of a knife. ](/news/2013/10/14/a-man-is-arrested-after-attempting-to-enter-buckingham-palace-london-while-in-possession-of-a-knife.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, London_
2. [ More than 50 heads of state, including Vladimir Putin, George W. Bush and German chancellor Gerhard Schrder, are among the guests attending the official celebrations commemorating the end of World War II in Moscow, Russia. It is the first time a German chancellor has attended a world-wide commemoration for the victims of the Third Reich. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/9/more-than-50-heads-of-state-including-vladimir-putin-george-w-bush-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-are-among-the-guests-attendin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, head of state_
3. [ Between 110,000 (according to the police) and 300,000 (according to the organization) people demonstrate in and around Trafalgar Square in London against the war in Iraq and George W. Bush's state visit.](/news/2003/11/20/between-110-000-according-to-the-police-and-300-000-according-to-the-organization-people-demonstrate-in-and-around-trafalgar-square-in.md) _Context: George W. Bush, London_
4. [ A tabloid journalist claims to have penetrated Buckingham Palace security preceding the visit of U.S. President George W. Bush to the UK. The Palace is seeking a restraining order to prevent "The Mirror" from publishing further information about the royal household.](/news/2003/11/19/a-tabloid-journalist-claims-to-have-penetrated-buckingham-palace-security-preceding-the-visit-of-u-s-president-george-w-bush-to-the-uk-t.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, George W. Bush_
5. [ During his visit to London, President Bush plans to meet the families of UK troops killed in Iraq. Two US troops are killed near Samarra when their vehicle is blown up. US forces kill seven Iraqis thought to have been preparing a rocket attack. Pentagon bans cameras at funerals in Arlington National Cemetery. Coverage of bodies arriving at Dover Air Force Base is already banned.](/news/2003/11/14/during-his-visit-to-london-president-bush-plans-to-meet-the-families-of-uk-troops-killed-in-iraq-two-us-troops-are-killed-near-samarra-wh.md) _Context: George W. Bush, London_
6. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, head of state_
7. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: London_
8. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
9. [Two British police officers were assaulted with a sword while trying to arrest a man outside Buckingham Palace. ](/news/2017/08/25/two-british-police-officers-were-assaulted-with-a-sword-while-trying-to-arrest-a-man-outside-buckingham-palace.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
10. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: London_
