### [2003-11-11](/news/2003/11/11/index.md)

#  Pornographer Larry Flynt states that he has bought topless photos of famous Iraq war soldier Jessica Lynch and was planning to publish them in January 2004; later, he says he bought them to prevent them from ever being published. The photos reportedly show Lynch frolicking with male soldiers prior to her deployment to Iraq.




### Related:

1. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Iraq War_
2. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: pornography_
3. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: Iraq War_
4. [Beau Biden, U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden's son, who had served in the Iraq War and for multiple terms as the Attorney General of Delaware, dies at Walter Reed Medical Center after a battle with malignant brain cancer. ](/news/2015/05/30/beau-biden-u-s-vice-president-joseph-biden-s-son-who-had-served-in-the-iraq-war-and-for-multiple-terms-as-the-attorney-general-of-delawar.md) _Context: Iraq War_
5. [Former United States congressman Melvin Jay Reynolds is arrested in Zimbabwe for possession of pornography. ](/news/2014/02/18/former-united-states-congressman-melvin-jay-reynolds-is-arrested-in-zimbabwe-for-possession-of-pornography.md) _Context: pornography_
6. [TMZ reveals photos of United States Marines burning bodies of Iraqis prompting an investigation from the Department of Defense. ](/news/2014/01/16/tmz-reveals-photos-of-united-states-marines-burning-bodies-of-iraqis-prompting-an-investigation-from-the-department-of-defense.md) _Context: Iraq War_
7. [A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. ](/news/2013/05/22/a-decorated-combat-veteran-of-the-iraq-war-and-united-states-military-academy-west-point-u-s-army-staff-member-sgt-1st-class-michael-mc.md) _Context: Iraq War_
8. [The last convoy of United States Army soldiers withdraws from Iraq, marking the formal end of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/18/the-last-convoy-of-united-states-army-soldiers-withdraws-from-iraq-marking-the-formal-end-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq War_
9. [The United States flag is lowered in Baghdad marking the end of U.S. military operations in Iraq after eight years of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/15/the-united-states-flag-is-lowered-in-baghdad-marking-the-end-of-u-s-military-operations-in-iraq-after-eight-years-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq War_
10. [A ceremony is held to officially re-name the English town of Wootton Bassett with the prefix "Royal" in honour of its role in the repatriation of British military personnel killed in action in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is the first town to receive such an honour since 1909. ](/news/2011/10/16/a-ceremony-is-held-to-officially-re-name-the-english-town-of-wootton-bassett-with-the-prefix-royal-in-honour-of-its-role-in-the-repatriati.md) _Context: Iraq War_
