### [2003-11-11](/news/2003/11/11/index.md)

#  Toyota nudges out Ford in Q3 to become the world's second-largest manufacturer of automobiles behind General Motors.




### Related:

1. [Toyota, which on Tuesday announced a recall of 1.43 million hybrids because of an airbag problem, today announces the recall of 2.87 million vehicles worldwide, produced between April 2006 and August 2015, because of a possible problem with their evaporative fuel emissions control unit. ](/news/2016/06/29/toyota-which-on-tuesday-announced-a-recall-of-1-43-million-hybrids-because-of-an-airbag-problem-today-announces-the-recall-of-2-87-million.md) _Context: Toyota_
2. [Toyota is recalling 1.43 million hybrids worldwide--Toyota Prius, Toyota Prius Plug-in, and Lexus CT200h--from model years 2010-2012 because of a possible airbag inflator defect. The company says it is not aware of any injuries or deaths related to this issue. ](/news/2016/06/28/toyota-is-recalling-1-43-million-hybrids-worldwideatoyota-prius-toyota-prius-plug-in-and-lexus-ct200hafrom-model-years-2010-2012-becau.md) _Context: Toyota_
3. [Nissan Motor Co. says it will not use airbag inflators made by Japanese auto parts supplier Takata Corp. in its cars, joining Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co. ](/news/2015/11/7/nissan-motor-co-says-it-will-not-use-airbag-inflators-made-by-japanese-auto-parts-supplier-takata-corp-in-its-cars-joining-toyota-motor-c.md) _Context: Toyota_
4. [Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) and the United Auto Workers (UAW) reach a new tentative four-year labor agreement, averting a threatened strike of the automaker's U.S. operations. The agreement must be ratified by a vote of FCA's 40,000 U.S. union workers, who rejected the previous proposal earlier this month. If ratified, the UAW intends to use the pact as a template for negotiations with General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Company. ](/news/2015/10/8/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-fca-and-the-united-auto-workers-uaw-reach-a-new-tentative-four-year-labor-agreement-averting-a-threatened-str.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
5. [Toyota is once again the world's largest carmaker with 7.5 million units sold thus far in 2015, compared to Volkswagen's 7.43 million and General Motors' 7.2 million. ](/news/2015/10/26/toyota-is-once-again-the-world-s-largest-carmaker-with-7-5-million-units-sold-thus-far-in-2015-compared-to-volkswagen-s-7-43-million-and-ge.md) _Context: Toyota_
6. [Japanese carmakers Toyota and Nissan recall 6.5 million vehicles due to fears over exploding airbags. ](/news/2015/05/13/japanese-carmakers-toyota-and-nissan-recall-6-5-million-vehicles-due-to-fears-over-exploding-airbags.md) _Context: Toyota_
7. [Toyota announces that it will recall nearly 6.5 million vehicles due to steering and other faults. ](/news/2014/04/9/toyota-announces-that-it-will-recall-nearly-6-5-million-vehicles-due-to-steering-and-other-faults.md) _Context: Toyota_
8. [Ford Motor Company recalls nearly 435,000 vehicles, citing rust and seat issues. ](/news/2014/04/8/ford-motor-company-recalls-nearly-435-000-vehicles-citing-rust-and-seat-issues.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
9. [Toyota is ordered to pay $1.2 billion to settle charges that it lied to United States safety investigators and the public about deadly accelerator defects. ](/news/2014/03/19/toyota-is-ordered-to-pay-1-2-billion-to-settle-charges-that-it-lied-to-united-states-safety-investigators-and-the-public-about-deadly-accel.md) _Context: Toyota_
10. [Ford recalls 140,000 Escape model cars from the United States and an additional 21,000 from other nations after 13 engine fires were reported. ](/news/2013/11/26/ford-recalls-140-000-escape-model-cars-from-the-united-states-and-an-additional-21-000-from-other-nations-after-13-engine-fires-were-reporte.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
