### [2003-11-11](/news/2003/11/11/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: An Arab magazine claims to have received an e-mail from a member of the Al Qaeda group claiming responsibility for Saturday's bombing in Riyadh that killed 17 people and injured over 100.




### Related:

1. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
2. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9-11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
3. [ War on Terrorism: An al Qaeda manual sets a hierarchy of terrorism targets: first, U.S. citizens, followed by Britons, Spaniards, and Australians. ](/news/2004/05/12/war-on-terrorism-an-al-qaeda-manual-sets-a-hierarchy-of-terrorism-targets-first-u-s-citizens-followed-by-britons-spaniards-and-austr.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Riyadh, al-Qaeda_
5. [ War on Terrorism: Suspected al Qaeda member tried unsuccessfully to enter the country around the same time as the September 11 hijackers may have been part of a plan to launch other attacks on targets in the United States. Identities of the suspects were discovered after a comparison of visa applications received before September 11 with names recovered from documents seized in caves in Afghanistan. Roger Cressey, former director for counterterrorism for the National Security Council, states the attack may have been "not on 9-11 but certainly afterward. [Osama] bin Laden and his people think strategically."](/news/2003/11/6/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaeda-member-tried-unsuccessfully-to-enter-the-country-around-the-same-time-as-the-september-11-hijackers-ma.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
