### [2016-09-16](/news/2016/09/16/index.md)

# A suicide bombing at a mosque in Mohmand Agency kills at least 28 people and injures 31 others. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims the responsibility. 

At least 25 people have been killed in a suicide bombing claimed by a Taliban splinter group at a mosque in Pakistan. The blast struck as Muslims gathered for Friday prayers in the village of Payee Khan in Mohmand Agency district. “The suicide bomber was in crowded mosque, he shouted &#039;Allahu Akbar&#039;, and then there was a huge blast,” Naveed Akbar, deputy administrator of the region, told Reuters.


### Source:

1. [The Express Tribune](http://tribune.com.pk/story/1182675/huge-explosion-mosque-mohmand-agency/)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/pakistan-mosque-bombing-latest-mohmand-agency-killed-suicide-blast-friday-prayers-claim-a7310986.html)

### Related:

1. [Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-administrative-headqu.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Mohmand Agency, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-faction-of-tehrik.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [Multiple suicide bombers kill at least six people near a district court in Charsadda. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/21/multiple-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-six-people-near-a-district-court-in-charsadda-jamaat-ul-ahrar-claimed-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [An overnight Pakistani counter-terrorism raid kills five members of the banned Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, which has claimed responsibility for recent deadly terrorist attacks. Four militants escaped. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-overnight-pakistani-counter-terrorism-raid-kills-five-members-of-the-banned-jamaat-ul-ahrar-which-has-claimed-responsibility-for-recent.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36.  Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a  Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-36-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-paki.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in-the-northwestern-pakistani.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [ Two Army soldiers and 13 Taliban militants are killed during a raid in Mohmand Agency, Pakistan. ](/news/2009/05/2/two-army-soldiers-and-13-taliban-militants-are-killed-during-a-raid-in-mohmand-agency-pakistan.md) _Context: Mohmand Agency, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [Multiple blasts occur at a market in Parachinar, killing at least 37 people and wounding over 150 more. ](/news/2017/06/23/multiple-blasts-occur-at-a-market-in-parachinar-killing-at-least-37-people-and-wounding-over-150-more.md) _Context: War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18  near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: War in North-West Pakistan_
