### [2016-09-16](/news/2016/09/16/index.md)

# In response to American criticism of the Duterte regime, Filipino foreign secretary Perfecto Yasay says the Philippines cannot remain as the "little brown brother" of the United States. 

The European Parliament has condemned the current wave of extrajudicial killings in the Philippines and urged the government to “put an end” to these amid the war against illegal drugs. 


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/16/philippines-we-cannot-be-the-little-brown-brothers-of-america)
2. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/09/17/1624570/european-parliament-condemns-philippine-killings)

### Related:

1. [United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-due-to-concerns-of-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States, drug war_
2. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
3. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States, drug war_
4. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
6. [The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2016/10/27/the-san-francisco-police-department-halts-a-training-program-between-itself-and-the-philippine-national-police-over-allegations-of-civil-rig.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, drug war_
7. [Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay states that the United States remains our "closest friend," but that the Philippines wants to break away and forge closer ties with other nations. ](/news/2016/10/22/philippine-foreign-affairs-secretary-perfecto-yasay-states-that-the-united-states-remains-our-closest-friend-but-that-the-philippines-wan.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
8. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines,  Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-o.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, drug war_
10. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
