### [2016-09-16](/news/2016/09/16/index.md)

# The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/15/asia/japan-south-china-sea-patrols/)

### Related:

1. [ The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares  of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation-17-percent-of-the-area-it-cont.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations, United States military_
2. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
3. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
4. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for  the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
5. [Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackson-atoll-in-the-south-chin.md) _Context: South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
6. [China reportedly deploys several J-11 and Xian JH-7 fighter jets to the disputed Woody Island in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/02/23/china-reportedly-deploys-several-j-11-and-xian-jh-7-fighter-jets-to-the-disputed-woody-island-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
7. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the  relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
8. [Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga says he "cannot comply with the recommendation" from Tokyo's Land Minister Keiichi Ishii, and will not retract his revocation of a U.S. military base relocation permit. ](/news/2015/11/6/okinawa-governor-takeshi-onaga-says-he-cannot-comply-with-the-recommendation-from-tokyo-s-land-minister-keiichi-ishii-and-will-not-retrac.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
9. [Japan has delivered two more ships to Vietnam that will be refurbished into patrol boats. The ships, which arrived in the port city of Da Nang, are the second delivery of a 2014 deal in which Tokyo is to provide Vietnam with six used fishing vessels that will be converted into patrol boats for Vietnam's coast guard in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/3/japan-has-delivered-two-more-ships-to-vietnam-that-will-be-refurbished-into-patrol-boats-the-ships-which-arrived-in-the-port-city-of-da-na.md) _Context: Japan, South China Sea_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, South China Sea_
