### [2014-02-12](/news/2014/02/12/index.md)

# A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. 

While the measles outbreak in the Philippines is already stemmed, Canada is just beginning to experience the viral disease. 


### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2014/02/12/1289532/measles-philippines-spreading-canada)
2. [The Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/life/health_wellness/2014/02/10/measles_outbreak_in_philippines_slowly_spreading_to_canada.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Canada_
2. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Canada_
3. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Philippines_
4. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Canada_
5. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates meets with the Defense Ministers of the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Denmark as well as officials from Estonia and Romania to discuss progress in Afghanistan in expectation of a Taliban offensive. Two Canadian soldiers are killed when a roadside bomb explodes. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-m-gates-meets-with-the-defense-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-australia-canada-the-nethe.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, Canada_
6. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
8. [The Abu Sayyaf militant group threatens to behead a Canadian hostage, a Filipina hostage, and a Norwegian hostage. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-abu-sayyaf-militant-group-threatens-to-behead-a-canadian-hostage-a-filipina-hostage-and-a-norwegian-hostage.md) _Context: Canada, Philippines_
9. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the  southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippin.md) _Context: Britain, Philippines_
10. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, Britain_
