### [2014-02-12](/news/2014/02/12/index.md)

# The Syrian Army and their Lebanese ally Hezbollah begin an assault to retake the strategic border town Yabrud from the Syrian rebels. 

More Syrians have been killed in the three weeks since peace talks began than at any other time in the civil war, activists said on Wednesday, as troops pounded rebel towns on the Lebanese border and negotiations faltered in Geneva.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/syria-fighting-age-men-leave-homs-22458242)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/12/us-syria-crisis-russia-aid-idUSBREA1B0HN20140212)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/12/us-syria-crisis-talks-idUSBREA1B0TX20140212)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
2. [The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-syrian-army-backed-by-hezbollah-fighters-retakes-a-key-airbase-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-damascus-the-marj-al-sultan-airbase-had-been.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
3. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Hezbollah and Syrian Army gain strategic territories in Qalamoun Mountains north of Damascus, which was held by opposition factions, particularly al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/05/13/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-and-syrian-army-gain-strategic-territories-in-qalamoun-mountains-north-of-damascus-which-was-held-by-opposition.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
5. [The Syrian opposition calls for immediate humanitarian aid to Homs after the Syrian army and Hezbollah step up their siege of the city with increased artillery shelling and incendiary bombs. ](/news/2013/07/5/the-syrian-opposition-calls-for-immediate-humanitarian-aid-to-homs-after-the-syrian-army-and-hezbollah-step-up-their-siege-of-the-city-with.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
6. [Dozens of people are killed in Al-Qusayr, Homs, Syria, as the Syrian Army and Hezbollah bombard the rebel-held town with heavy artillery. ](/news/2013/05/25/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-al-qusayr-homs-syria-as-the-syrian-army-and-hezbollah-bombard-the-rebel-held-town-with-heavy-artillery.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army_
7. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to-a.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
9. [U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-belonging-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
