### [2014-02-12](/news/2014/02/12/index.md)

# The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. 

The three main Westminster parties are to declare that whoever forms the next UK government will not enter a currency union with an independent Scotland.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26163637)

### Related:

1. [The Conservative Party has won a majority in the 2015 general election, enabling them to lead without requiring a coalition government. The Scottish National Party claims all but three seats in Scotland. ](/news/2015/05/8/the-conservative-party-has-won-a-majority-in-the-2015-general-election-enabling-them-to-lead-without-requiring-a-coalition-government-the.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Scotland, newly elected_
2. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-presults-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
3. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
4. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
5. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
6. [Early results from yesterday's elections indicate that the Conservative Party has gained ground, while the Labour Party and the UK Independence Party have lost ground. ](/news/2017/05/5/early-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-indicate-that-the-conservative-party-has-gained-ground-while-the-labour-party-and-the-uk-independe.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
8. [Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-scottish-independence-from-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Scotland, Scottish independence_
9. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party_
10. [Launch of ''The National'', the first Scottish daily newspaper to support Scottish independence. ](/news/2014/11/24/launch-of-the-national-the-first-scottish-daily-newspaper-to-support-scottish-independence.md) _Context: Scotland, Scottish independence_
