### [2017-09-21](/news/2017/09/21/index.md)

#  Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of the war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. 

Students and youth groups begin demonstrations for the 45th anniversary of Martial Law with a rally at UP Diliman, to oppose what they fear would be nationwide military rule under the Duterte administration


### Source:

1. [Rappler](https://www.rappler.com/nation/182868-philippines-protest-rallies-martial-law-45th-anniversary)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/612F469A6EA84F6BAE882D2B94A4B421/img/38DE4A1D86194532A94557EA5FD77591/martial-law-rappler-2014.jpg)

### Related:

1. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, ongoing martial law_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, ongoing martial law_
3. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
4. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
7. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
9. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-ob.md) _Context: Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
