### [2017-09-21](/news/2017/09/21/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. 

The US measures will target individuals and firms, including banks, that trade with North Korea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41354664)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/1607C/production/_97963209_bc9913fb-0668-477d-ab8e-54f300d3b6c9.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: Donald Trump, North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
2. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
3. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
4. [North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
5. [The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly in favor of legislation to tighten sanctions on North Korea in response to the North's latest nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favor-of-legislation-to-tighten-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, its nuclear weapons program_
6. [ United States President George W. Bush writes to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il asking him to fully disclose North Korea's nuclear program. ](/news/2007/12/6/united-states-president-george-w-bush-writes-to-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-asking-him-to-fully-disclose-north-korea-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. President, its nuclear weapons program_
7. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
