### [1999-10-12](/news/1999/10/12/index.md)

#  Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif attempts to dismiss Army Chief General Pervez Musharraf and install ISI director Ziauddin Butt in his place. Senior Army generals refuse to accept the dismissal. Musharraf, who was out of the country, attempts to return in a commercial airliner. Sharif orders the Karachi airport to not allow the plane to land. The generals lead a coup, ousting Sharif's administration and taking over the airport. The plane lands with only a few minutes of fuel to spare, and Musharraf takes control of the government.




### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
2. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
4. [Pakistan appoints Lt. Gen. Naveed Mukhtar as the new head of the Inter-Services Intelligence. ](/news/2016/12/12/pakistan-appoints-lt-gen-naveed-mukhtar-as-the-new-head-of-the-inter-services-intelligence.md) _Context: Inter-Services Intelligence, Pakistan_
5. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
6. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
7. [Pakistan unrest. Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
8. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
9. [Pakistan protests. The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protests-the-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-nationa.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
10. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
