### [2017-07-11](/news/2017/07/11/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. 

Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been confirmed killed, war monitor the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) has said. &quot;(We have) confirmed information from leaders, including one of the first rank, in [Isis territory] in the eastern countryside of Deir Ezzor,&quot; director of the UK-based group Rami Abdulrahman told Reuters on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-dead-isis-leader-killed-latest-news-updates-a7835271.html)

### Related:

1. [Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-leaves-at-least-47-civilians.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, ISIL, Russia_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
