### [2010-10-9](/news/2010/10/9/index.md)

# Minister of Maori Affairs Pita Sharples adds his name to calls for suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked after he manages to upset most of India. 

Maori Affairs Minister Pita Sharples has joined calls for controversial Television New Zealand broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked over &quot;racial remarks&quot;.


### Source:

1. [stuff.co.nz](http://www.stuff.co.nz/entertainment/tv/4215129/Pita-Sharples-wants-Paul-Henry-sacked)

### Related:

1. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row: New Zealand issues an apology to India's External Affairs ministry over the "gratuitous and insulting" behaviour of its now suspended broadcaster Paul Henry, who works for the government-owned corporation television network TVNZ. ](/news/2010/10/8/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-new-zealand-issues-an-apology-to-india-s-external-affairs-ministry-over-the-gratuitous-and-insulting-behaviou.md) _Context: India, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
2. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:Suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry is embroiled in further controversy as his mockery of Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit is declared "racist" and "unacceptable" and New Zealand's ambassador to India is summoned for a dressing down. ](/news/2010/10/7/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-psuspended-tvnz-broadcaster-paul-henry-is-embroiled-in-further-controversy-as-his-mockery-of-delhi-chief-ministe.md) _Context: India, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
3. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:''Breakfast'' broadcaster Paul Henry is suspended effective immediately by TVNZ after yesterday's controversial interview with John Key. The network had previously issued a statement in support of Henry.  ](/news/2010/10/5/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-p-breakfast-broadcaster-paul-henry-is-suspended-effective-immediately-by-tvnz-after-yesterday-s-controversial.md) _Context: Paul Henry, TVNZ_
4. [TVNZ race row:John Key pledges to continue fronting TVNZ's ''Breakfast'' amid calls by MPs for disgraced and suspended broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked. ](/news/2010/10/10/tvnz-race-row-pjohn-key-pledges-to-continue-fronting-tvnz-s-breakfast-amid-calls-by-mps-for-disgraced-and-suspended-broadcaster-paul-hen.md) _Context: Paul Henry, TVNZ_
5. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
