### [2010-10-9](/news/2010/10/9/index.md)

# More than 200 passengers are rescued, 20 of whom sustain injuries, from Baltic Sea ferry "Lisco Gloria", en route from Kiel to Klaipeda, after it ignites near Fehmarn off the eastern coast of Schleswig-Holstein. There are reports of an explosion on board. 

More than 200 passengers and crew are rescued after a Baltic Sea ferry catches fire near the German island of Fehmarn.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11507261)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,6096726,00.html?maca=en-current_affairs_europe-105-rdf)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-internationa.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
2. [Russia-United States relations. Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-united-states-relations-russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-bec.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
3. [Russia-United States relations. A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-internationa.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
4. [Russia-United States relations. Cold War II. A United States Air Force Boeing RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted and threatened by a Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet in international airspace over the Baltic Sea on Thursday (April 14), according to the United States European Command (EUCOM). ](/news/2016/04/16/russia-united-states-relations-cold-war-ii-a-united-states-air-force-boeing-rc-135-reconnaissance-aircraft-was-intercepted-and-threatene.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
5. [Russia-United States relations. Cold War II. Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer "USS Donald Cook" in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the "USS Donald Cook", taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/russia-united-states-relations-cold-war-ii-two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
6. [Swedish submarine incidents. NATO intercepts Russian jets over the Baltic Sea while Sweden's six-day search for a possibly damaged Russian Navy submarine continues. ](/news/2014/10/22/swedish-submarine-incidents-nato-intercepts-russian-jets-over-the-baltic-sea-while-sweden-s-six-day-search-for-a-possibly-damaged-russian-n.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
7. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: Schleswig-Holstein_
8. [The announcement of possible wreck relocation of Swedish 16th century warship Mars in the Baltic Sea. ](/news/2011/08/19/the-announcement-of-possible-wreck-relocation-of-swedish-16th-century-warship-mars-in-the-baltic-sea.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
9. [Copenhagen Suborbitals fire the world's largest privately-built rocket, HEAT 1X Tycho Brahe into the Baltic Sea, 30 km east of Nexo.](/news/2011/06/3/copenhagen-suborbitals-fire-the-world-s-largest-privately-built-rocket-heat-1x-tycho-brahe-into-the-baltic-sea-30-km-east-of-nexa.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
10. [Archaeologists discover 200 year old bottles of beer in a shipwreck south of the autonomous Aland Islands in the Baltic Sea believed to be the world's oldest. ](/news/2010/09/1/archaeologists-discover-200-year-old-bottles-of-beer-in-a-shipwreck-south-of-the-autonomous-aland-islands-in-the-baltic-sea-believed-to-be-t.md) _Context: Baltic Sea_
