### [2003-06-10](/news/2003/06/10/index.md)

#  Donald Regan, Secretary of the Treasury under U.S. President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1985 and White House Chief of Staff from 1985 to 1987, dies at 84 of cancer.




### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew to be the next Secretary of the Treasury. ](/news/2013/01/10/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-white-house-chief-of-staff-jack-lew-to-be-the-next-secretary-of-the-treasury.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, U.S. President, White House Chief of Staff_
2. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
3. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: U.S. President, cancer_
4. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
5. [A statue of former President of the United States Ronald Reagan is unveiled at a ceremony outside the American embassy in Grosvenor Square, Central London, opposite a statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those invited include Margaret Thatcher and Condoleezza Rice, while a piece of the Berlin Wall also features. ](/news/2011/07/4/a-statue-of-former-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-is-unveiled-at-a-ceremony-outside-the-american-embassy-in-grosvenor-square.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
6. [A judge grants John Hinckley, Jr., the man who tried to assassinate then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan in 1981, additional visits to his family from the Washington, DC psychiatric hospital where he is confined. ](/news/2011/05/11/a-judge-grants-john-hinckley-jr-the-man-who-tried-to-assassinate-then-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-in-1981-additional-vi.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
7. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his Treasury team, which includes Timothy F. Geithner as Secretary, Lawrence Summers as president of the National Economic Council, and Christina Romer as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. ](/news/2008/11/24/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-his-treasury-team-which-includes-timothy-f-geithner-as-secretary-lawrence-summers-a.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, U.S. President_
8. [ According to unofficial sources, Hillary Clinton has agreed to serve as the next U.S. Secretary of State and Timothy F. Geithner as the next Secretary of the Treasury under the presidency of Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/11/21/according-to-unofficial-sources-hillary-clinton-has-agreed-to-serve-as-the-next-u-s-secretary-of-state-and-timothy-f-geithner-as-the-nex.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, U.S. President_
9. [ The White House affirms that, despite reports to the contrary, John Snow will remain Treasury Secretary during President George W. Bush's second term of office. Meanwhile, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony Principi announces his expected resignation. ](/news/2004/12/8/the-white-house-affirms-that-despite-reports-to-the-contrary-john-snow-will-remain-treasury-secretary-during-president-george-w-bush-s-s.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, U.S. President_
10. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: U.S. President_
