### [2003-06-10](/news/2003/06/10/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.](/news/2004/03/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-quebec-court-of-appeal-upholds-a-quebec-superior-court-ruling-that-same-sex-marriages-are-valid-under-cana.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
5. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
6. [Four people are stabbed in an office in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. ](/news/2014/04/9/four-people-are-stabbed-in-an-office-in-toronto-ontario-canada.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
7. [150 cases of food poisoning are confirmed to be cronuts contaminated with S. aureus at the CNE in Toronto, Ontario. ](/news/2013/08/24/150-cases-of-food-poisoning-are-confirmed-to-be-cronuts-contaminated-with-s-aureus-at-the-cne-in-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
8. [Ontario Superior Court of Justice rules that Toronto mayor Rob Ford breached Ontario's conflict of interest law and orders him to remove from office. ](/news/2012/11/26/ontario-superior-court-of-justice-rules-that-toronto-mayor-rob-ford-breached-ontarioas-conflict-of-interest-law-and-orders-him-to-remove-f.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
9. [ A line of severe thunderstorms rolls through Ontario, Canada, spawns over 18 tornadoes in one day which has been declared to be the largest tornado outbreak in Canadian history, at least four F-2 tornadoes were confirmed, including one touching down in the town of Durham, Ontario, northwest of Toronto where at least one person was killed, and the other in a Toronto suburb of Vaughan, Ontario where over 600 homes were damaged or destroyed.](/news/2009/08/20/a-line-of-severe-thunderstorms-rolls-through-ontario-canada-spawns-over-18-tornadoes-in-one-day-which-has-been-declared-to-be-the-largest.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
10. [ Controversy erupts in Canada over a segment of Conan O'Brien's NBC television talk show, filmed in Quebec City and shown to a studio audience in Toronto, featuring his character Triumph the Insult Dog making ethnic insults against French-Canadians, including telling them to speak English. The Canadian government condemns the comments. The Government of Ontario, which had paid $1 million to sponsor the taping of four episodes of the show in Toronto to promote the city, also distances itself from the comments.](/news/2004/02/12/controversy-erupts-in-canada-over-a-segment-of-conan-o-brien-s-nbc-television-talk-show-filmed-in-quebec-city-and-shown-to-a-studio-audien.md) _Context: Ontario, Toronto_
