### [2016-05-15](/news/2016/05/15/index.md)

# Dominican Republic general election, 2016. Voters in the Dominican Republic go to the polls for a general election. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/C/CB_DOMINICAN_REPUBLIC_ELECTIONS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [Two radio journalists are shot dead and a co-worker injured in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic, while presenting the show "Milenio Caliente" on Facebook Live. Three people were arrested. ](/news/2017/02/14/two-radio-journalists-are-shot-dead-and-a-co-worker-injured-in-san-pedro-de-macoras-dominican-republic-while-presenting-the-show-milenio.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
4. [At least eleven people have died and 70 injured after two buses carrying tourism workers collide in the eastern Dominican Republic. ](/news/2015/11/26/at-least-eleven-people-have-died-and-70-injured-after-two-buses-carrying-tourism-workers-collide-in-the-eastern-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
5. [Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew-s posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named -The Kingdom- docked behind it. ](/news/2015/11/13/police-in-the-dominican-republic-raid-a-mansion-owned-by-30-year-old-francisco-flores-de-freites-one-of-the-two-nephews-of-venezuelan-presi.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
6. [2015 Dengue fever outbreaks. Authorities in the Dominican Republic issue an alert as the number of deaths (57 this year) and cases of dengue fever continue to rise. ](/news/2015/09/19/2015-dengue-fever-outbreaks-authorities-in-the-dominican-republic-issue-an-alert-as-the-number-of-deaths-57-this-year-and-cases-of-dengue.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
7. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-a.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
8. [The Prime Minister of Haiti Evans Paul accuses the Dominican Republic of causing a humanitarian crisis by mass deportation of people mainly from Haiti. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-haiti-evans-paul-accuses-the-dominican-republic-of-causing-a-humanitarian-crisis-by-mass-deportation-of-people-mainly.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
9. [Dominican Republic authorities arrest 35 people including military, police, and custom officials in a drugs bust. ](/news/2013/03/23/dominican-republic-authorities-arrest-35-people-including-military-police-and-custom-officials-in-a-drugs-bust.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
10. [Tropical Storm Isaac hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. A hurricane watch threat level is set for Haiti. ](/news/2012/08/24/tropical-storm-isaac-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic-a-hurricane-watch-threat-level-is-set-for-ha.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
