### [2009-10-25](/news/2009/10/25/index.md)

#  Maksharip Aushev, human rights activist and opposition leader of Ingushetia, is shot dead while driving his car near Nartan in Kabardino-Balkaria. A female passenger is also attacked. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Netherlands Worldwide](http://www.rnw.nl/english/article/ingushetian-human-rights-activist-gunned-down)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-10/25/content_12324622.htm)
3. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20091025/156583833.html)

### Related:

1. [Two Russian special forces and two suspected militants are killed in a gunfight in Nazran, Ingushetia. ](/news/2016/11/24/two-russian-special-forces-and-two-suspected-militants-are-killed-in-a-gunfight-in-nazran-ingushetia.md) _Context: Ingushetia_
2. [Human rights activists, lawyers, labor rights groups and other advocates endorse Leni Robredo for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/23/human-rights-activists-lawyers-labor-rights-groups-and-other-advocates-endorse-leni-robredo-for-vice-president.md) _Context: Human rights_
3. [Anders Behring Breivik, a convicted mass murderer in the 2011 Norway attacks, wins a human rights case against the government of Norway. ](/news/2016/04/20/anders-behring-breivik-a-convicted-mass-murderer-in-the-2011-norway-attacks-wins-a-human-rights-case-against-the-government-of-norway.md) _Context: Human rights_
4. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted  the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire.  Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government.  ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Ingushetia_
5. [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md) _Context: Human rights_
6. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Human rights_
7. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine.  While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned  of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Human rights_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights_
9. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: Human rights_
10. [ The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and human rights organizations say that YPG fighters have captured one juvenile prison and a power station south of Al-Hasakah. ([http://www.kurdpress.ir/En/NSite/FullStory/News/?Id=10887 kurdpress])](/news/2015/07/21/the-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-ypg-and-human-rights-organizations-say-that-ypg-fighters-have-captured-one-juvenile-prison-and-a-po.md) _Context: Human rights_
