### [2010-08-11](/news/2010/08/11/index.md)

# Colombia-Venezuela relations:Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. 

The leaders of Colombia and Venezuela met in an effort to repair relations that deteriorated over claims that Colombian guerrillas were operating from Venezuela.


### Source:

1. [Buenos Aires Herald](http://www.buenosairesherald.com/BreakingNews/View/41923)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-08/12/c_13441557.htm)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/11/world/americas/11venez.html)
4. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/08/201081023312716697.html)

### Related:

1. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chávez, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
2. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chávez, President, Venezuela_
3. [The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos agree to gradually reopen their common border which had been closed following a Venezuelan crackdown on smuggling. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-and-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-agree-to-gradually-reopen-their-common-border-wh.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, President, Venezuela_
4. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuela's Hugo Chavez promises that his foreign minister will attend the inauguration of Juan Manuel Santos as Colombian president, two weeks after direct relations between the two countries were broken off, thanks to mediation efforts by President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2010/08/6/venezuela-s-hugo-cha-vez-promises-that-his-foreign-minister-will-attend-the-inauguration-of-juan-manuel-santos-as-colombian-president-two-w.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chávez, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
6. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chávez, Union of South American Nations, Venezuela_
7. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum.  President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chávez, President, Venezuela_
