### [2010-08-11](/news/2010/08/11/index.md)

# Corpses of more than 50 people are unearthed in Perucac lake on the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia by investigators looking for people who were killed during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. 

More than 50 bodies are found in a lake in Bosnia, as investigators hunt for victims of the 1992-95 war.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10937461)

### Related:

1. [Bosnia and Herzegovina officially releases its first census report since the end of the Bosnian War after multiple delays, showing that the country had lost one fifth of its population from 4.4 million to 3.5 million between then and 2013. ](/news/2016/06/30/bosnia-and-herzegovina-officially-releases-its-first-census-report-since-the-end-of-the-bosnian-war-after-multiple-delays-showing-that-the.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
2. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
3. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: Bosnian War, Serbia_
4. [Police in Bosnia and Herzegovina arrest 25 people on suspicion of multiple murders, drug-trafficking and robbery in the biggest crackdown on organised crime since the Bosnian War. ](/news/2012/09/12/police-in-bosnia-and-herzegovina-arrest-25-people-on-suspicion-of-multiple-murders-drug-trafficking-and-robbery-in-the-biggest-crackdown-on.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
5. [Bosnia and Herzegovina marks the 20th anniversary of the start of the Bosnian War in April 1992. ](/news/2012/04/6/bosnia-and-herzegovina-marks-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-start-of-the-bosnian-war-in-april-1992.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
6. [Serbia passes legislation that offers an apology for its role in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian War. ](/news/2010/03/31/serbia-passes-legislation-that-offers-an-apology-for-its-role-in-the-1995-srebrenica-massacre-during-the-bosnian-war.md) _Context: Bosnian War, Serbia_
7. [ The Sarejevo-Belgrade rail link resumes between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia after 18 years. ](/news/2009/12/13/the-sarejevo-belgrade-rail-link-resumes-between-bosnia-and-herzegovina-and-serbia-after-18-years.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
8. [ A Bosnian television station shows what it says is recent video footage of genocide suspect and Bosnian war commander General Ratko Mladic in Serbia. ](/news/2009/06/11/a-bosnian-television-station-shows-what-it-says-is-recent-video-footage-of-genocide-suspect-and-bosnian-war-commander-general-ratko-mladia.md) _Context: Bosnian War, Serbia_
9. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
10. [ The International Court of Justice finds Serbia guilty of failing to prevent genocide in the Srebrenica massacre, but clears it of direct responsibility and complicity in a case brought forth by Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2007/02/26/the-international-court-of-justice-finds-serbia-guilty-of-failing-to-prevent-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-but-clears-it-of-direct-r.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
