### [2010-08-11](/news/2010/08/11/index.md)

# Lieutenant-General of Israel Gabi Ashkenazi testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. He says force used was "proportionate and correct" and that soldiers "shot those who they needed to shoot". 

Israeli army offiocial tell inquiry that troops were right to use live ammunition.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/08/2010810235229619632.html)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/08/201081110353151553.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/ashkenazi-next-time-idf-will-use-snipers-to-halt-gaza-bound-flotillas-1.307435)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/aug/11/israel-military-chief-flotilla-testimony)
5. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-08/12/c_13440685.htm)
5. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report, Jacob Turkel_
2. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report, Jacob Turkel_
3. [Turkey's foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu expresses concerns that Israel's report into its own commando operation resulting in the Gaza flotilla raid is "neither credible nor unbiased", he tells a news conference before departing for Montenegro. ](/news/2011/01/28/turkey-s-foreign-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-expresses-concerns-that-israel-s-report-into-its-own-commando-operation-resulting-in-the-gaza-flo.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
4. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the "primary forum" for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
5. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
7. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
8. [Israel's State Comptroller criticises prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision-making during the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2012/06/13/israel-s-state-comptroller-criticises-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-decision-making-during-the-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
9. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
10. [Freedom Flotilla II: The international flotilla sets sail one year after the deadly raid on a previous flotilla by Israeli commandos in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/29/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-international-flotilla-sets-sail-one-year-after-the-deadly-raid-on-a-previous-flotilla-by-israeli-commandos-in-inte.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
