### [2010-07-23](/news/2010/07/23/index.md)

# An investigation by "The Independent" uncovers the first evidence of a UK-based rendition recruitment drive, free of American involvement, suggesting MI5 was directly involved in the 2004 "illegal" transfer of a Moroccan national from a Belgian prison to London. 

MI5 was directly involved in the rendition of a Moroccan national, illegally taken from a Belgian prison to work for Britain&#039;s Security Services in London, an investigation by The Independent has discovered.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uncovered-britains-secret-rendition-programme-2033450.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Brussels bombings: In light of the Belgian attacks, Warner Bros. cancels the red carpet but will hold the European premiere of the highly-publicized film, "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", at London's Leicester Square tonight. ](/news/2016/03/22/2016-brussels-bombings-in-light-of-the-belgian-attacks-warner-bros-cancels-the-red-carpet-but-will-hold-the-european-premiere-of-the-high.md) _Context: Belgium, London_
2. [ The last of three men who escaped from a Belgian jail on board a hijacked helicopter are recaptured in Morocco. ](/news/2009/08/9/the-last-of-three-men-who-escaped-from-a-belgian-jail-on-board-a-hijacked-helicopter-are-recaptured-in-morocco.md) _Context: Belgium, Morocco_
3. [ Abdelkader Belliraj, accused of leading an Islamist militant group and committing six murders in Belgium, is sentenced to life imprisonment in Morocco. ](/news/2009/07/28/abdelkader-belliraj-accused-of-leading-an-islamist-militant-group-and-committing-six-murders-in-belgium-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: Belgium, Morocco_
4. [ British Airways flight 175 from London to New York is turned back by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration, who claim a passenger's name matches a suspected Moroccan terrorist. The passenger is questioned for two hours by British police and then released. The other 239 passengers resume their journeys nine hours late. ](/news/2005/01/12/british-airways-flight-175-from-london-to-new-york-is-turned-back-by-the-u-s-transportation-security-administration-who-claim-a-passenger.md) _Context: London, Morocco_
5. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire: A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: London_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
7. [Big Ben: London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
8. [European migrant crisis: Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Morocco_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium_
10. [Crime in London: Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
