### [2010-07-23](/news/2010/07/23/index.md)

# Israel Defense Forces soldiers kill a Palestinian man attempting to enter the Israeli settlement of Barkan. 

A Palestinian man has been shot dead by Israeli troops after entering a Jewish settlement in the West Bank.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10725444)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=182325)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli forces fire on pro-Palestinian protesters attempting to breach the Syrian-Israeli border in the Golan Heights on Naksa Day, marking the anniversary of the 1967 Six Day War; Syrian sources claim that close to 20 people are killed and over 325 injured, while Israeli officials confirm at least 12 injures. ](/news/2011/06/5/israeli-forces-fire-on-pro-palestinian-protesters-attempting-to-breach-the-syrian-israeli-border-in-the-golan-heights-on-naksa-day-marking.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. ](/news/2011/03/8/israeli-troops-and-settlers-open-fire-upon-palestinians-in-the-west-bank-while-they-repaired-orchards-previously-attacked-by-settlers-injur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement_
5. [Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. ](/news/2011/01/7/israeli-troops-round-up-five-men-and-kill-a-67-year-old-palestinian-man-during-an-operation-into-the-west-bank-aiming-at-arresting-members.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
6. [Israel's army says it is investigating a video which appears to show a soldier dancing around a bound and blindfolded Palestinian woman. ](/news/2010/10/5/israel-s-army-says-it-is-investigating-a-video-which-appears-to-show-a-soldier-dancing-around-a-bound-and-blindfolded-palestinian-woman.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
7. [One Palestinian gunman is killed and four more are wounded in a Gaza firefight after launching RPGs and missiles at Israeli soldiers. ](/news/2010/09/14/one-palestinian-gunman-is-killed-and-four-more-are-wounded-in-a-gaza-firefight-after-launching-rpgs-and-missiles-at-israeli-soldiers.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
8. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
9. [ Israel will pay US$50,000 to the family of a Palestinian man who was killed by the country's Defense Forces in December 2003. ](/news/2009/02/15/israel-will-pay-us-50-000-to-the-family-of-a-palestinian-man-who-was-killed-by-the-country-s-defense-forces-in-december-2003.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
10. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinian_
