### [2010-07-23](/news/2010/07/23/index.md)

# The United Nations Human Rights Council appoints Sir Desmond de Silva of Britain, Karl Hudson-Phillips of Trinidad and Tobago, and Mary Shanth Dairiam of Malaysia to investigate the Gaza flotilla raid. 

Three-person team expected to travel to Israel, Turkey and Gaza to investigate raid.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/2010723142931310192.html)
2. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/stories/2010/07/24/124810850d3f)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Malaysia, United Kingdom_
2. [UNHRC report into the Gaza flotilla raid:The 57-member United Nations Human Rights Council is to investigate the facts found by a report into the Gaza flotilla raid carried out by Israel earlier this year. ](/news/2010/09/26/unhrc-report-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-pthe-57-member-united-nations-human-rights-council-is-to-investigate-the-facts-found-by-a-report-in.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Human Rights Council_
3. [A panel of human rights experts convened by the United Nations Human Rights Council says Israel's seizure of the MV Mavi Marmara in the Gaza flotilla raid was "clearly unlawful". ](/news/2010/09/22/a-panel-of-human-rights-experts-convened-by-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-says-israel-s-seizure-of-the-mv-mavi-marmara-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Human Rights Council_
4. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, United Kingdom_
5. [Gaza flotilla raid:Anti-Israel protests take place outside the Israeli embassy in Dublin, Ireland, and  outside the US embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2010/06/4/gaza-flotilla-raid-panti-israel-protests-take-place-outside-the-israeli-embassy-in-dublin-ireland-and-outside-the-us-embassy-in-kuala-lum.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Malaysia_
6. [Gaza flotilla raid:United Nations Human Rights Council passed a resolution calling for an independent fact-finding mission into Israel's interception of a Gaza-bound flotilla. ](/news/2010/06/3/gaza-flotilla-raid-punited-nations-human-rights-council-passed-a-resolution-calling-for-an-independent-fact-finding-mission-into-israel-s-in.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Human Rights Council_
7. [A Malaysian opposition website is shut down by its British web-hosting company amid claims of "political censorship" from the opposition. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3337019.stm] ](/news/2003/12/20/a-malaysian-opposition-website-is-shut-down-by-its-british-web-hosting-company-amid-claims-of-political-censorship-from-the-opposition-h.md) _Context: Malaysia, United Kingdom_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
