### [2016-05-12](/news/2016/05/12/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/05/12/twin-suicide-attack-hits-police-station-near-baghdad-kill-5.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iskandariya suicide bombing: At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 51 people are reportedly killed in an attack on a shopping centre in Iraq's capital, Baghdad, and a car bombing outside an illegal casino in Miqdadiyah, east of Baghdad, with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claiming responsibility for both attacks. ](/news/2016/01/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-51-people-are-reportedly-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-shopping-centre-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-and.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [The death toll from the suicide bombing of a cafe in the Diyala Governorate near Baghdad, Iraq reaches 22. ](/news/2010/10/29/the-death-toll-from-the-suicide-bombing-of-a-cafe-in-the-diyala-governorate-near-baghdad-iraq-reaches-22.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, suicide bombing_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb in Baghdad's southwestern Hayy Al-A'amel neighborhood kills at least 23 people, and wounds 45 others. ](/news/2017/03/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-s-southwestern-hayy-al-a-amel-neighborhood-kills-at-least-23-people-and-wounds-45-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
