### [2016-05-12](/news/2016/05/12/index.md)

# Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore's April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. 

State elections administrator says the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/md-politics/maryland-decertifies-baltimore-election-results-investigates-irregularities/2016/05/12/fca6e128-1861-11e6-9e16-2e5a123aac62_story.html?hpid=hp_local-news_baltimoreelex613pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory)

### Related:

1. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
2. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
3. [Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero  was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accused-of-second-degree-int.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
4. [A helicopter crashes near Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland. However, no fatalities are reported. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-helicopter-crashes-near-baltimoreawashington-international-airport-in-baltimore-maryland-however-no-fatalities-are-reported.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
5. [After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  ](/news/2015/12/16/after-the-jury-fails-to-reach-a-unanimous-decision-a-baltimore-maryland-judge-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-trial-of-police-officer-william.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
6. [A Baltimore, Maryland deadlocked jury was told by the trial judge to resume deliberations after closing arguments in the first trial of police officer William Porter, charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  With demonstrations and unrest following the death, the city has cancelled leave for police officers and the mayor has called for calm when a verdict is announced. ](/news/2015/12/15/a-baltimore-maryland-deadlocked-jury-was-told-by-the-trial-judge-to-resume-deliberations-after-closing-arguments-in-the-first-trial-of-poli.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
7. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray.  Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
8. [The Mayor of the US city of Baltimore, Maryland Stephanie Rawlings-Blake fires the Commissioner of the Police Department, Anthony Batts. ](/news/2015/07/8/the-mayor-of-the-us-city-of-baltimore-maryland-stephanie-rawlings-blake-fires-the-commissioner-of-the-police-department-anthony-batts.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
9. [ Authorities closed one of two highway tunnels carrying traffic under Baltimore, Maryland's harbor following a threat to detonate explosive filled vehicles.](/news/2005/10/18/authorities-closed-one-of-two-highway-tunnels-carrying-traffic-under-baltimore-maryland-s-harbor-following-a-threat-to-detonate-explosive.md) _Context: Baltimore, Maryland_
10. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Maryland_
