### [2016-09-2](/news/2016/09/2/index.md)

# The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos announces that he will sign the peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC on September 26. 

BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — President Juan Manuel Santos announced on Friday that he will sign a peace accord with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia later this month in Cartagena. &quot;This is perhaps the most-important…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/57c8920711be48d1a06069125710b1e8/santos-colombian-sides-sign-peace-deal-late-september)

### Related:

1. [President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos describes the killing of Mono Jojoy as the "beginning of the end" for the Farc organization. ](/news/2010/09/27/president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-describes-the-killing-of-mono-jojoy-as-the-beginning-of-the-end-for-the-farc-organization.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
2. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum.  President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peace-accord-in-cartagen.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal-agreement-with-the.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [The Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP, a unit of the FARC rebel group, announces its rejection of the recent ceasefire signed by its leader Timoleon Jimenez and the Colombian government of President Juan Manuel Santos, declaring it will not lay down its arms and demobilize and will continue to fight the government. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-eastern-bloc-of-the-farc-ep-a-unit-of-the-farc-rebel-group-announces-its-rejection-of-the-recent-ceasefire-signed-by-its-leader-timole.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and the leader of FARC Timoleon Jimenez will announce a deal on justice for crimes committed in the fifty-year-long conflict. ](/news/2015/09/23/the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-and-the-leader-of-farc-timolea3n-jima-c-nez-will-announce-a-deal-on-justice-for-crimes-committed.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
