### [2005-11-28](/news/2005/11/28/index.md)

#  EU Justice commissioner Franco Frattini makes an unprecedented call for the suspension of privileges, for any member state found to have hosted a CIA black site. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1352347)

### Related:

1. [An investigation by the Associated Press and German media uncovers a secret prison suspected of having been operated by the Central Intelligence Agency in Bucharest, Romania. ](/news/2011/12/8/an-investigation-by-the-associated-press-and-german-media-uncovers-a-secret-prison-suspected-of-having-been-operated-by-the-central-intellig.md) _Context: CIA, black site_
2. [ The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency allegedly decommissions its black sites worldwide. ](/news/2009/04/9/the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-allegedly-decommissions-its-black-sites-worldwide.md) _Context: CIA, black site_
3. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: CIA, black site_
4. [ "The Washington Post" reports that the Central Intelligence Agency has been operating, perhaps as illegally, a covert network of "black site" prisons for terrorist suspects in eight foreign countries, including Afghanistan, Thailand, and several Eastern European democracies for the last four years, with little or no oversight from the United States Congress. ](/news/2005/11/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-has-been-operating-perhaps-as-illegally-a-covert-network-of-black-sit.md) _Context: CIA, black site_
5. [Politics of Poland. Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: CIA_
7. [European Union competition law. The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [Chinese espionage in the United States. An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/chinese-espionage-in-the-united-states-an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-sellin.md) _Context: CIA_
9. [China-United States relations. Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/china-united-states-relations-former-united-states-officials-report-that-18-20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-impri.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
