### [2005-11-28](/news/2005/11/28/index.md)

#  Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. 




### Source:

1. [Australian Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200511/s1517827.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: Iraq, Jalal Talabani, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Ibrahim Jaafari, a Shia, has replaced Iyad Allawi as the interim prime minister of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/7/ibrahim-jaafari-a-shia-has-replaced-iyad-allawi-as-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iyad Allawi, Prime Minister_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq: Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq-s ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operati.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister_
5. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [Iraq War:: "Time" reports that a Federal Grand Jury is investigating claims of war crimes and torture by the US Central Intelligence Agency at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison in 2003. ](/news/2011/06/14/iraq-war-time-reports-that-a-federal-grand-jury-is-investigating-claims-of-war-crimes-and-torture-by-the-us-central-intelligence-agency.md) _Context: Iraq, torture_
7. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
