### [2017-03-1](/news/2017/03/1/index.md)

# Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. 

Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong face a mandatory death sentence if convicted


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/28/asia/kim-jong-nam-murder-charges/index.html)
2. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/north-korean-diplomats-in-malaysia-seek-kim-jong-nams-body/article34157158/)
2. [Cover Image](http://static.theglobeandmail.ca/02d/opinion/editorials/article34114515.ece/ALTERNATES/w620/TOK002R-CNEWS-US-NORTHKOREA.JPG)

### Related:

1. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
2. [Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-agent-a-toxin-used-almost.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
3. [Kim Jong-nam, half-brother of new North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, predicts the regime will fall if reforms are not made soon. ](/news/2012/01/17/kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-new-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-predicts-the-regime-will-fall-if-reforms-are-not-made-soon.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
4. [Kim Jong-il's eldest son, Kim Jong-nam, announces his opposition to the hereditary succession plan in North Korea which would see power transferred to his younger brother Kim Jong-un. ](/news/2010/10/12/kim-jong-il-s-eldest-son-kim-jong-nam-announces-his-opposition-to-the-hereditary-succession-plan-in-north-korea-which-would-see-power-tran.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
6. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, North Korea_
7. [Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-alleged-assassination-of-kim-jong-nam-by-north-korean-agen.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, North Korea_
8. [Kim Jong-nam, eldest son of Kim Jong-il, is assassinated in Malaysia after two unidentified women reportedly poisoned him at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2017/02/13/kim-jong-nam-eldest-son-of-kim-jong-il-is-assassinated-in-malaysia-after-two-unidentified-women-reportedly-poisoned-him-at-kuala-lumpur-in.md) _Context: Kim Jong-nam, Kuala Lumpur International Airport_
9. [Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
