### [2011-12-5](/news/2011/12/5/index.md)

# Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. 

France and Germany call for a tougher EU treaty to cope with the eurozone crisis, as 15 countries are warned their credit rating could be downgraded.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16037425)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-12-05/s-p-said-to-place-all-17-euro-nations-on-downgrade-watch-over-debt-crisis.html)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/home/business/article/16124368)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor, President of France_
2. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [ The President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, says he will travel to Ireland to assist the passing of the forthcoming Treaty of Lisbon referendum at a joint news conference with the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, in Paris. ](/news/2009/06/11/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-says-he-will-travel-to-ireland-to-assist-the-passing-of-the-forthcoming-treaty-of-lisbon-referend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: European Union, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
6. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to-imp.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
8. [The Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, announces the possibility of further sanctions from the European Union against Russia for the invasion and annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-announces-the-possibility-of-further-sanctions-from-the-european-union-against-russia-for-the-inva.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, German Chancellor_
10. [Angela Merkel, the German Chancellor, and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, jointly propose a new set of policies for the euro zone defined to defend the euro as a currency, such as higher retirement ages and the abolition of inflation-indexed wages. ](/news/2011/02/4/angela-merkel-the-german-chancellor-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-jointly-propose-a-new-set-of-policies-for-the-euro-zone.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Eurozone, Nicolas Sarkozy_
