### [2011-12-5](/news/2011/12/5/index.md)

# Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. 

Former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo appeared at the International Criminal Court on Monday to face charges of crimes against humanity, the first former head of state expected to be tried by the court since its inception in 2002.


### Source:

1. [Reuters India](http://in.reuters.com/article/2011/12/05/ivorycoast-gbagbo-icc-idINDEE7B40H020111205)

### Related:

1. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo, crimes against humanity_
2. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
3. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Laurent Gbagbo_
4. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
5. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
6. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
7. [The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, reports that there are "reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya, and says he will soon request arrest warrants against three individuals who are "most responsible for the crimes committed." ](/news/2011/05/4/the-chief-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-luis-moreno-ocampo-reports-that-there-are-reasonable-grounds-to-believe-that-cr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity_
8. [United Nations and French forces open fire on the residence of the President of Cte d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo in response to recent attacks. ](/news/2011/04/10/united-nations-and-french-forces-open-fire-on-the-residence-of-the-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-laurent-gbagbo-in-response-to-recent-attacks.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
9. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
10. [A swearing-in ceremony for Laurent Gbagbo takes place in Cte d'Ivoire, although world leaders and the election commission back Alassane Ouattara as winner of the presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/4/a-swearing-in-ceremony-for-laurent-gbagbo-takes-place-in-cote-d-ivoire-although-world-leaders-and-the-election-commission-back-alassane-oua.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
