### [2015-03-23](/news/2015/03/23/index.md)

# Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. 

Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is the first in for 2016.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/ted-cruz-announce-presidential-bid-monday-n328051)
1. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_13/942676/464547786_7cc0e8c7200ec29a3c30bc9e1e1a81c5.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept-a.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [Republican candidate Ted Cruz fires campaign spokesman Rick Tyler who posted incorrect information on Twitter about candidate Marco Rubio. ](/news/2016/02/22/republican-candidate-ted-cruz-fires-campaign-spokesman-rick-tyler-who-posted-incorrect-information-on-twitter-about-candidate-marco-rubio.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-during-his-campaign-he-has-failed.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [United States Senator Ted Cruz of Texas announces that he wants to renounce his Canadian citizenship, fueling speculation about a presidential run in 2016. ](/news/2013/08/20/united-states-senator-ted-cruz-of-texas-announces-that-he-wants-to-renounce-his-canadian-citizenship-fueling-speculation-about-a-presidenti.md) _Context: Ted Cruz, Texas, United States presidential election, 2016_
