### [2014-10-23](/news/2014/10/23/index.md)

# A Hamas member carries out a terrorist attack in Jerusalem by intentionally striking a group of pedestrians in a train station with his car killing a 3-month-old baby. 

Silwan branch of PA leader&#8217;s party praises &#8216;hero who ran over settlers&#8217;; mother says her son was mentally unstable, it was an accident


### Source:

1. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/fatah-honors-jerusalem-hit-and-run-terrorist/)

### Related:

1. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A vehicular attack in Jerusalem leaves one person dead and injures fourteen others as Hamas claims responsibility and calls for similar acts. ](/news/2014/11/5/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pa-vehicular-attack-in-jerusalem-leaves-one-person-dead-and-injures-fourteen-others-as-hamas-claims-responsib.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
4. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli police arrest Hamas MP Mohammed Abu Teir for breaking a law by staying within the borders of the state of Israel after being ordered to leave Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/06/30/israeli-police-arrest-hamas-mp-mohammed-abu-teir-for-breaking-a-law-by-staying-within-the-borders-of-the-state-of-israel-after-being-ordered.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
6. [ Israeli police arrest and release Khaled Abu Arafa, minister of Jerusalem affairs in the new Hamas-led government of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2006/04/6/israeli-police-arrest-and-release-khaled-abu-arafa-minister-of-jerusalem-affairs-in-the-new-hamas-led-government-of-the-palestinian-author.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
7. [ An Israeli citizen from an Israeli settlement east of Jerusalem was found murdered in Ramallah after Hamas killed the man they accused of being a member of the Shabak. ](/news/2005/09/26/an-israeli-citizen-from-an-israeli-settlement-east-of-jerusalem-was-found-murdered-in-ramallah-after-hamas-killed-the-man-they-accused-of-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
8. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
