### [2014-10-23](/news/2014/10/23/index.md)

# A New York City physician tests positive for Ebola at the Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan after treating Ebola patients in Guinea. 

The 5-year-old patient who is receiving care at HHC Bellevue Hospital Center has been fully cleared after a negative Ebola test. His fever was caused by a respiratory infection that was confirmed by a lab test. 


### Source:

1. [WABC-TV](http://7online.com/health/doctor-who-recently-returned-from-africa-tests-positive-for-ebola/363048/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day-monitoring-period-for-all-travelers-from.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, Guinea_
2. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
3. [Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. ](/news/2017/01/21/former-president-yahya-jammeh-leaves-the-gambia-on-a-plane-reportedly-bound-for-guinea.md) _Context: Guinea_
4. [Ansar Dine, a militant Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for yesterday's attack on a United Nations base in Kidal, northern Mali, that killed six UN peacekeepers, all from neighboring Guinea. ](/news/2016/02/13/ansar-dine-a-militant-islamist-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-attack-on-a-united-nat.md) _Context: Guinea_
5. [For the first time since March 2014, Guinea is declared free from Ebola virus transmissions by the World Health Organization. ](/news/2015/12/29/for-the-first-time-since-march-2014-guinea-is-declared-free-from-ebola-virus-transmissions-by-the-world-health-organization.md) _Context: Guinea_
6. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors.  The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [Guinea's constitutional court validates President Alpha Conde's October 11, 2015, re-election victory. The court dismissed complaints lodged by opposition candidates. ](/news/2015/10/31/guinea-s-constitutional-court-validates-president-alpha-conda-c-s-october-11-2015-re-election-victory-the-court-dismissed-complaints-lodge.md) _Context: Guinea_
8. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf.  The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [The Guinea electoral commission reports that the President of Guinea Alpha Conde has won the election with 58 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2015/10/17/the-guinea-electoral-commission-reports-that-the-president-of-guinea-alpha-conde-has-won-the-election-with-58-per-cent-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Guinea_
10. [Millions of Guineans vote peacefully in the West African country's second free election since gaining independence from France nearly 60 years ago. Ballot counting started;  the provisional outcome is not expected until the end of this week, an official said. Incumbent President Alpha Conde is expected to win reelection. ](/news/2015/10/11/millions-of-guineans-vote-peacefully-in-the-west-african-country-s-second-free-election-since-gaining-independence-from-france-nearly-60-yea.md) _Context: Guinea_
