### [2004-06-3](/news/2004/06/3/index.md)

#  Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal: Two U.S. Marines, Pfc. Andrew J. Sting and Pfc. Jeremiah J. Trefney, have been jailed for between eight to twelve months after pleading guilty to prisoner abuse at Al Mahmudiya prison in Iraq which occurred after the events at Abu Ghraib prison. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3775175.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/LAW/06/03/prisoner.abuse.marines.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ A video of a U.S. Marine singing a song, entitled "Hadji Girl", about the killing of Iraqi civilians, sparks outrage after being widely distributed on the Internet. Amidst huge condemnation, Cpl Joshua Belile issues an apology. A Marine spokesman, Lt. Col. Scott Fazekas, said that they were investigating. ](/news/2006/06/15/a-video-of-a-u-s-marine-singing-a-song-entitled-hadji-girl-about-the-killing-of-iraqi-civilians-sparks-outrage-after-being-widely-dis.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. Marine_
2. [ The notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq is to close and its prisoners to be housed elsewhere, the U.S. military has said. ](/news/2006/03/9/the-notorious-abu-ghraib-prison-in-iraq-is-to-close-and-its-prisoners-to-be-housed-elsewhere-the-u-s-military-has-said.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
3. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, prison_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Two U.S. Marines and around four Iraqi insurgents are killed in Western Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/18/conflict-in-iraq-two-u-s-marines-and-around-four-iraqi-insurgents-are-killed-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. Marine_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five U.S. Marines die from a roadside bomb in Ramadi, Western Iraq. ](/news/2005/06/16/conflict-in-iraq-five-u-s-marines-die-from-a-roadside-bomb-in-ramadi-western-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. Marine_
6. [ Three British soldiers are found guilty of abusing Iraqi prisoners; more British soldiers face the possibility of conviction. ](/news/2005/02/23/three-british-soldiers-are-found-guilty-of-abusing-iraqi-prisoners-more-british-soldiers-face-the-possibility-of-conviction.md) _Context: Iraq, prison_
7. [ High-level American military leaders are said to be at least partly responsible for abuses of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison in a report written by an investigative panel headed by James Schlesinger. ](/news/2004/08/24/high-level-american-military-leaders-are-said-to-be-at-least-partly-responsible-for-abuses-of-iraqi-prisoners-at-abu-ghraib-prison-in-a-rep.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
8. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
9. [ The International Committee of the Red Cross states that, over a period of some months, it has repeatedly requested that the United States take action on alleged prisoner abuse at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/05/6/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-states-that-over-a-period-of-some-months-it-has-repeatedly-requested-that-the-united-states.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
10. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
