### [2003-05-4](/news/2003/05/4/index.md)

#  At least 19 people are killed in a series of tornadoes in the states of Colorado, Kansas and Missouri.




### Related:

1. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado, Kansas, tornado_
2. [ Tornadoes of 2008: Two people from Colorado die in a tornado south of Pratt, Kansas as more than a dozen tornadoes hit Kansas. ](/news/2008/05/24/tornadoes-of-2008-two-people-from-colorado-die-in-a-tornado-south-of-pratt-kansas-as-more-than-a-dozen-tornadoes-hit-kansas.md) _Context: Colorado, Kansas, tornado_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado, Missouri_
4. [Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. ](/news/2015/05/6/tornadoes-of-2015-tornadoes-are-reported-across-several-states-in-the-great-plains-region-of-the-united-states-including-oklahoma-kansas-a.md) _Context: Kansas, tornado_
5. [At least one person is killed and a dozen injured after a series of tornadoes hits the US states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Iowa and Illinois. ](/news/2013/05/19/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-a-dozen-injured-after-a-series-of-tornadoes-hits-the-us-states-of-oklahoma-kansas-iowa-and-illinois.md) _Context: Kansas, tornado_
6. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: Missouri, tornado_
7. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Missouri, tornado_
8. [ Weld County Tornado: One person is killed and at least 100 are injured in Weld County, Colorado after a tornado tears through the county. Colorado Governor Bill Ritter declares a state of emergency and activates the Colorado National Guard in the affected region. ](/news/2008/05/22/weld-county-tornado-one-person-is-killed-and-at-least-100-are-injured-in-weld-county-colorado-after-a-tornado-tears-through-the-county-c.md) _Context: Colorado, tornado_
9. [ Greensburg, Kansas Tornado Outbreak: A massive tornado kills nine people in Kansas including 8 people in Greensburg, Kansas with the town suffering widespread damage. ](/news/2007/05/4/greensburg-kansas-tornado-outbreak-a-massive-tornado-kills-nine-people-in-kansas-including-8-people-in-greensburg-kansas-with-the-town-s.md) _Context: Kansas, tornado_
10. [ Powerful tornadoes hit several U.S. states, killing a couple in Oklahoma, a woman in Colorado and a man in Texas. ](/news/2007/03/29/powerful-tornadoes-hit-several-u-s-states-killing-a-couple-in-oklahoma-a-woman-in-colorado-and-a-man-in-texas.md) _Context: Colorado, tornado_
