### [2008-03-11](/news/2008/03/11/index.md)

#  Admiral William Fallon resigns as Commander of the U.S. Central Command due to reports in "Esquire Magazine" of disagreement with President George W. Bush over the administration's policy with Iran. 

The top U.S. commander for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars said on Tuesday he would quit after a magazine reported he was pushing President George W. Bush to avoid war with Iran.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSWBT00858020080311?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy warn Syria to break with Iran and state that they will not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. ](/news/2008/06/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-warn-syria-to-break-with-iran-and-state-that.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
2. [ President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. ](/news/2008/06/11/president-george-w-bush-says-that-he-wants-to-solve-the-iran-issue-peacefully-but-all-options-are-on-the-table-in-a-joint-media-conferen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
3. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in Kennebunkport, Maine discussing missile defense and Iran. ](/news/2007/07/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-holds-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-kennebunkport-maine-discussing-missile-defense-an.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
5. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
6. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, president_
7. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iran, president_
8. [United States President Barack Obama orders an assessment of whether intelligence reports from U.S. Central Command were changed by supervisory military personnel before formal submission to present a more optimistic picture of the American military campaign against Daesh (Islamic State). The Pentagon's Office of the Inspector General investigators seized emails from military servers over the last few weeks. ](/news/2015/11/22/united-states-president-barack-obama-orders-an-assessment-of-whether-intelligence-reports-from-u-s-central-command-were-changed-by-supervis.md) _Context: CENTCOM, president_
9. [Upcoming congressional votes. President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/upcoming-congressional-votes-president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-con.md) _Context: Iran, president_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Iran, president_
