### [2008-03-11](/news/2008/03/11/index.md)

#  The 105 launches from Kennedy Space Center carrying the crew of STS-123, the Japanese Experiment Module, and Dextre. The ship will rendezvous with the International Space Station. 

NASA&#039;s space shuttle fleet began setting records with its first launch on April 12, 1981 and continued to set high marks of achievement and endurance through 30 years of missions.


### Source:

1. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/shuttle/main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-crs-10-spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
2. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-crs-10-spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-wil.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
3. [Space Shuttle "Endeavour" launches successfully from Kennedy Space Center at 4:14 EST, marking the beginning of STS-130, a two-week mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/02/8/space-shuttle-endeavour-launches-successfully-from-kennedy-space-center-at-4-14-est-marking-the-beginning-of-sts-130-a-two-week-mission.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
4. [ Space Shuttle "Endeavour" lands at Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, United States, ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2009/07/31/space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-kennedy-space-centre-in-florida-united-states-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-space-stati.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
5. [ The Space Shuttle "Endeavour" lands at Cape Canaveral, Florida in a rare nighttime landing ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-cape-canaveral-florida-in-a-rare-nighttime-landing-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-spa.md) _Context: 16-day mission, International Space Station_
6. [ The Space Shuttle "Atlantis" lands at Kennedy Space Center following the conclusion of the STS-122 assembly mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/02/20/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-following-the-conclusion-of-the-sts-122-assembly-mission-to-the-international-sp.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
7. [ Space Shuttle "Discovery" lands at the Kennedy Space Center, ending STS-120, a 15-day mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2007/11/7/space-shuttle-discovery-lands-at-the-kennedy-space-center-ending-sts-120-a-15-day-mission-to-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
8. [ Space Shuttle "Discovery" successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the-st.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
9. [ "Endeavour" lifts off from Kennedy Space Center for the STS-118 assembly mission of the International Space Station. ](/news/2007/08/8/endeavour-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-for-the-sts-118-assembly-mission-of-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
10. [ Space Shuttle "Atlantis" rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as "Atlantis"'s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the-in.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
