### [2006-06-1](/news/2006/06/1/index.md)

#  A report issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers admits their responsibility for 2005 levee failures that flooded the majority of New Orleans, Louisiana in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-5861284,00.html)
2. [Full report via NOLA.com](http://www.nola.com/weblogs/nola/index.ssf?/mtlogs/nola_nolaview/archives/2006_06_01.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
2. [ Seven policemen charged in a deadly Danziger Bridge shooting in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina turn themselves in at a New Orleans city jail. ](/news/2007/01/2/seven-policemen-charged-in-a-deadly-danziger-bridge-shooting-in-the-chaotic-aftermath-of-hurricane-katrina-turn-themselves-in-at-a-new-orle.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
3. [ 2005 levee failures in Greater New Orleans: An Investigations of the 17th Street Canal, whose failure flooded much of New Orleans, Louisiana in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, show that metal pilings were seven feet shallower than engineering specifications. ](/news/2005/11/10/2005-levee-failures-in-greater-new-orleans-an-investigations-of-the-17th-street-canal-whose-failure-flooded-much-of-new-orleans-louisian.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
4. [ CNN reports that the Louisiana attorney general is investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana occurred during Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/12/cnn-reports-that-the-louisiana-attorney-general-is-investigating-the-possibility-that-mercy-killings-of-critically-ill-patients-by-staff-me.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
5. [ New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin again urges the city's remaining holdouts to leave the area. New Orleans is now only 60% underwater. The number of dead in the city could be as few as 2,000 and as many as 20,000, according to estimates. ](/news/2005/09/7/new-orleans-mayor-ray-nagin-again-urges-the-city-s-remaining-holdouts-to-leave-the-area-new-orleans-is-now-only-60-underwater-the-number.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush tours the area devastated by Hurricane Katrina amidst growing criticism of his lack of leadership. Media reports say he will not visit New Orleans. Bush said order would be restored and New Orleans would emerge from its "darkest days". ](/news/2005/09/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-tours-the-area-devastated-by-hurricane-katrina-amidst-growing-criticism-of-his-lack-of-leadership-media-repo.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
7. [ The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, Louisiana_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
9. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-access-pipeline-running-through-north.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
10. [Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. ](/news/2016/12/3/groups-of-u-s-military-veterans-join-the-protest-as-human-shields-against-possible-clashes-between-demonstrators-and-law-enforcement-when-t.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
