### [2006-06-1](/news/2006/06/1/index.md)

#  Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 




### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him -60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Khalid El-Masri, extraordinary rendition_
2. [ The United States Supreme Court dismisses the case of the German citizen Khalid El-Masri who accuses the CIA of abducting him to a secret prison in Afghanistan where he claims he was tortured. The US government had argued that a public trial would reveal state secrets. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-united-states-supreme-court-dismisses-the-case-of-the-german-citizen-khalid-el-masri-who-accuses-the-cia-of-abducting-him-to-a-secret-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Khalid El-Masri_
3. [War in Afghanistan: President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan calls for a re-think of the War on Terror. ](/news/2012/09/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-calls-for-a-re-think-of-the-war-on-terror.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War on Terror_
4. [War on Terror:: Afghanistan: John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces that the Government will withdraw forces from Afghanistan early in 2013. ](/news/2012/08/20/war-on-terror-afghanistan-john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-that-the-government-will-withdraw-forces-from-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War on Terror_
5. [War on Terror:: Afghanistan: A bomb kills three NATO soldiers in east Afghanistan. An explosion in a cemetery in Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand province, in Afghanistan kills two people. A NATO soldier is killed by an Afghan police officer. Three New Zealand soldiers are killed in Bamiyan, central Afghanistan when the convoy in which they were traveling was hit by an improvised explosive device. ](/news/2012/08/19/war-on-terror-afghanistan-a-bomb-kills-three-nato-soldiers-in-east-afghanistan-an-explosion-in-a-cemetery-in-lashkar-gah-the-capital-of.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War on Terror_
6. [Gunfire is reported at a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) compound in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/25/gunfire-is-reported-at-a-central-intelligence-agency-cia-compound-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
7. [CIA director Leon Panetta reveals Jordanian double agent Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi was not properly vetted before his suicide attack on the CIA's Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/10/19/cia-director-leon-panetta-reveals-jordanian-double-agent-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-was-not-properly-vetted-before-his-suicide-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
8. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit dismisses a lawsuit associated with the Central Intelligence Agency's practice of "extraordinary rendition". ](/news/2010/09/8/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-dismisses-a-lawsuit-associated-with-the-central-intelligence-agency-s-practice-of.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
9. ["The New York Times" claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-united-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
10. [The United Kingdom is accused of complicity in torture in Afghanistan as peace campaigner Maya Evans seeks a judicial review of the government's role in the extraordinary rendition of suspects. ](/news/2010/04/20/the-united-kingdom-is-accused-of-complicity-in-torture-in-afghanistan-as-peace-campaigner-maya-evans-seeks-a-judicial-review-of-the-governme.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, extraordinary rendition_
