### [2006-06-1](/news/2006/06/1/index.md)

#  The Government of Spain overturns the conviction of Imad Yarkas on charges of conspiracy in the September 11, 2001 attacks after the prosecutor admits that evidence of involvement in the conspiracy was "inconsistent, almost nonexistent." The Spanish government says it will provide further explanation in the coming days. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/06/01/AR2006060101045.html)

### Related:

1. [ Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/imad-yarkas-is-convicted-in-spain-of-conspiracy-with-al-qaeda-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-and-sentenced-to-27-years-driss-chebli-wa.md) _Context: Imad Yarkas, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: national government_
3. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: national government_
4. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [The government of Spain announces that it will block the holding of a referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2013/12/12/the-government-of-spain-announces-that-it-will-block-the-holding-of-a-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: national government_
6. [The European Commission approves a Spanish government plan to shrink and restructure three major Spanish banks (Bankia, NCG Banco and Catalunya Banc) and sell a fourth (Banco de Valencia). ](/news/2012/11/28/the-european-commission-approves-a-spanish-government-plan-to-shrink-and-restructure-three-major-spanish-banks-bankia-ncg-banco-and-catalu.md) _Context: national government_
7. [ The Constitutional Court of Spain rules that the Government of the Basque Country could not call a planned referendum on working towards self-determination as only the Government of Spain could call such a vote; the Basque Government said it would appeal to the European Court of Human Rights. ](/news/2008/09/12/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-rules-that-the-government-of-the-basque-country-could-not-call-a-planned-referendum-on-working-towards-se.md) _Context: national government_
8. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
9. [ The Senate of the United States approves legislation overhauling the rules for eavesdropping and offering immunity to telecom companies who may have violated wiretapping and privacy laws after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/07/9/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-legislation-overhauling-the-rules-for-eavesdropping-and-offering-immunity-to-telecom-companies-who.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay detention camp under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, and charged with crimes related to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/06/5/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-others-are-arraigned-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-under-the-military-commissions-act-of-2006-and-charg.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
