### [2006-06-1](/news/2006/06/1/index.md)

#  The Eureka Tower, the tallest residential tower in the world, exterior is completed at a height of 297.2m and 91 floors in Melbourne, Australia. It takes the  title from Q1 on the Gold Coast, Australia




### Related:

1. [ In Melbourne, Australia, the Eureka Tower residential building is officially opened.  At 297.5m (976ft), the structure is the second tallest skyscraper in the Southern Hemisphere, and the second tallest residential building in the world.](/news/2006/10/11/in-melbourne-australia-the-eureka-tower-residential-building-is-officially-opened-at-297-5m-976ft-the-structure-is-the-second-talles.md) _Context: Australia, Eureka Tower, Melbourne_
2. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
3. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
4. [An accident on board the Thunder River Rapids Ride at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia, leaves four people dead. ](/news/2016/10/25/an-accident-on-board-the-thunder-river-rapids-ride-at-dreamworld-on-the-gold-coast-in-queensland-australia-leaves-four-people-dead.md) _Context: Australia, Gold Coast_
5. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
6. [Commonwealth Games Minister Jann Stuckey unveils the logo and a countdown clock for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, at an official launch ceremony. ](/news/2013/04/4/commonwealth-games-minister-jann-stuckey-unveils-the-logo-and-a-countdown-clock-for-the-2018-commonwealth-games-in-gold-coast-queensland-a.md) _Context: Australia, Gold Coast_
7. [In tennis, 2013 Australian Open begins today in Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Australia. ](/news/2013/01/14/in-tennis-2013-australian-open-begins-today-in-melbourne-park-in-melbourne-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
8. [State Emergency Service volunteers respond to more than 3000 calls for help after Melbourne, Australia is hit by a series of storms bringing rainstorms, hail and a tornado. ](/news/2011/12/25/state-emergency-service-volunteers-respond-to-more-than-3000-calls-for-help-after-melbourne-australia-is-hit-by-a-series-of-storms-bringing.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
9. [The Gold Coast in the Australian state of Queensland is chosen as the host city for the 2018 Commonwealth Games ahead of Hambantota in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2011/11/11/the-gold-coast-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-is-chosen-as-the-host-city-for-the-2018-commonwealth-games-ahead-of-hambantota-in-sri-l.md) _Context: Australia, Gold Coast_
10. [The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. ](/news/2011/09/1/the-remains-of-australian-bushranger-ned-kelly-are-found-in-the-former-hm-prison-pentridge-in-melbourne-victoria.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
