### [2006-06-1](/news/2006/06/1/index.md)

#  The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.libertypost.org/cgi-bin/readart.cgi?ArtNum=144066)

### Related:

1. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
3. [2014 Ferguson unrest: Death of Eric Garner: Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/2014-ferguson-unrest-death-of-eric-garner-demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonvil.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
4. [Michael Bloomberg appeals to the New York Supreme Court's Appellate Division on the invalidation of a law limiting soft drink sales in New York City. ](/news/2013/06/11/michael-bloomberg-appeals-to-the-new-york-supreme-court-s-appellate-division-on-the-invalidation-of-a-law-limiting-soft-drink-sales-in-new-y.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
5. [The New York Police Department (NYPD) states that preliminary tests indicate ricin was present in letters that were sent to the office of New York City Mayor and media mogul Michael Bloomberg, and to the office of the Director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns. ](/news/2013/05/29/the-new-york-police-department-nypd-states-that-preliminary-tests-indicate-ricin-was-present-in-letters-that-were-sent-to-the-office-of-ne.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
6. [Boston Marathon bombings:: Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, claims that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation briefed him that suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said that the bombers intended to attack New York City next. ](/news/2013/04/25/boston-marathon-bombings-michael-bloomberg-the-mayor-of-new-york-city-claims-that-the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-briefed-him-tha.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
7. [A New York state judge invalidates a New York City ban on the sale of soft drinks larger than 16 ounces that was set to take effect on March 12. The office of Mayor Michael Bloomberg indicates it will appeal. ](/news/2013/03/11/a-new-york-state-judge-invalidates-a-new-york-city-ban-on-the-sale-of-soft-drinks-larger-than-16-ounces-that-was-set-to-take-effect-on-march.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
8. [Jose Pimentel, a 27-year-old Dominican-American, is arrested in New York City after planning to detonate pipe bombs, according to New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. The suspect is believed to have Al-Qaeda sympathies, although no wider conspiracy is suspected. ](/news/2011/11/20/jose-pimentel-a-27-year-old-dominican-american-is-arrested-in-new-york-city-after-planning-to-detonate-pipe-bombs-according-to-new-york-m.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
9. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
10. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
