### [2008-10-8](/news/2008/10/8/index.md)

#  The United States embassy in Beirut seeks assistance in finding two US journalists missing in Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/10/08/lebanon.missing.americans/index.html?section=cnn_latest)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
2. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
3. [Four American journalists are charged by Bahrain for "unlawful obstruction of vehicles and attending unlawful gatherings." The state-run Bahrain News Agency said all were released "pending further investigations." Freelance reporter Anna Day and a film crew, who were covering the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprisings, are scheduled to fly to Dubai tonight. ](/news/2016/02/16/four-american-journalists-are-charged-by-bahrain-for-unlawful-obstruction-of-vehicles-and-attending-unlawful-gatherings-the-state-run-bah.md) _Context: United States, journalist_
4. [2015 Beirut bombings. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. ](/news/2015/11/15/2015-beirut-bombings-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-lebanon-arrests-nine-people-including-seven-syrians-over-the-recent-beirut-bombings.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
5. [2015 Beirut bombings. A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/2015-beirut-bombings-a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-peop.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
6. [2015 Beirut bombings:. Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-s.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
7. [The United States and Cuba officially announce that embassies will be reopened in each other's countries for the first time since 1961. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-united-states-and-cuba-officially-announce-that-embassies-will-be-reopened-in-each-other-s-countries-for-the-first-time-since-1961.md) _Context: United States, embassies_
8. [Majid al-Majid, the chief of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades militant group that was accused of being responsible for a double suicide bombing in front of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, in November 2013, dies in custody in a military hospital in Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/4/majid-al-majid-the-chief-of-the-abdullah-azzam-brigades-militant-group-that-was-accused-of-being-responsible-for-a-double-suicide-bombing-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. Five people are killed and 20 wounded in a car bomb which hit a southern suburb of the Lebanese capital Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-five-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-a-car-bomb-which-hit-a-southern-suburb-of-the-lebanese-capi.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
