### [2013-12-6](/news/2013/12/6/index.md)

# Pollution in China:. A record level of smog is reported in Shanghai causing officials to issue the highest level health warning and delaying of hundreds of flights.




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.businessinsider.com/record-levels-of-smog-in-shanghai-delayed-hundreds-of-flights-2013-12)

### Related:

1. [Type 055 destroyer. China's state-run "Global Times" newspaper reports the launching of the first Type 055 destroyer, a 10,000-ton "new generation" warship, at the Jiangnan Shipyard in Shanghai. ](/news/2017/06/28/type-055-destroyer-china-s-state-run-global-times-newspaper-reports-the-launching-of-the-first-type-055-destroyer-a-10-000-ton-new-gene.md) _Context: Shanghai_
2. [Pollution in China. Sixty cities in the People's Republic of China issued smog alerts between December 2 and 4. ](/news/2016/12/4/pollution-in-china-sixty-cities-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-issued-smog-alerts-between-december-2-and-4.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
3. [Pollution in China. Beijing's city government issues its first red alert for pollution, ordering schools to close, halting outdoor construction, and restricting car use due to hazardous air quality. ](/news/2015/12/7/pollution-in-china-beijing-s-city-government-issues-its-first-red-alert-for-pollution-ordering-schools-to-close-halting-outdoor-construct.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
4. [Pollution in China. Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. ](/news/2015/12/6/pollution-in-china-elementary-and-middle-schools-in-the-chinese-capital-beijing-suspend-outdoor-activities-due-to-heavy-smog.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
5. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Shanghai_
6. [Pollution in China. The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/pollution-in-china-the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. The USS Stethem visits Shanghai, signaling that relations between the two countries continue despite tensions over the recent USS Lassen cruise near artificial islands constructed by China. The navies of the two nations plan combined maritime exercise as well. ](/news/2015/11/16/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-the-uss-stethem-visits-shanghai-signaling-that-relations-betw.md) _Context: Shanghai_
8. [Pollution in China. Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/pollution-in-china-chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenya.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
9. [2015 Pacific typhoon season. China is dealing with two typhoons in a week. Typhoon Linfa lost power after making landfall in southern China's Guangdong province Thursday. Typhoon Chan-hom (Falcon) is headed for landfall in eastern China near Shanghai this weekend. ](/news/2015/07/10/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-china-is-dealing-with-two-typhoons-in-a-week-typhoon-linfa-lost-power-after-making-landfall-in-southern-china.md) _Context: Shanghai_
10. [A New Year's Eve celebration stampede in Shanghai kills at least 36 people and injures 49 others. ](/news/2014/12/31/a-new-year-s-eve-celebration-stampede-in-shanghai-kills-at-least-36-people-and-injures-49-others.md) _Context: Shanghai_
