### [2013-12-6](/news/2013/12/6/index.md)

# Researchers at the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute are published in the journal "Cell", describing a link between Parkinsonism (Parkinson's disease) and the agricultural pesticides of paraquat and maneb. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://healthyliving.msn.com/health-wellness/aging/the-crazy-link-between-pesticides-and-parkinsons)

### Related:

1. [At least 23 people have died and dozens of others have become sick in Karor Lal Esan, central Pakistan, after eating sweets suspected of being contaminated with pesticides. ](/news/2016/04/25/at-least-23-people-have-died-and-dozens-of-others-have-become-sick-in-karor-lal-esan-central-pakistan-after-eating-sweets-suspected-of-bei.md) _Context: pesticides_
2. [China's state owned ChemChina offers to buy Swiss pesticide and seed manufacturer Syngenta for $43 billion. ](/news/2016/02/3/china-s-state-owned-chemchina-offers-to-buy-swiss-pesticide-and-seed-manufacturer-syngenta-for-43-billion.md) _Context: pesticides_
3. [University of California, San Francisco, scientists announce the discovery of an altered protein (prion) that is the direct cause of a rare, incurable, Parkinson's-like brain disorder, multiple system atrophy. ](/news/2015/09/1/university-of-california-san-francisco-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-an-altered-protein-prion-that-is-the-direct-cause-of-a-rare.md) _Context: Parkinson's-like_
4. [Following the successful sequencing of the tomato genome, scientists state that tastier and more pesticide-resistant tomato varieties can be engineered for commercial use within five years. ](/news/2012/05/30/following-the-successful-sequencing-of-the-tomato-genome-scientists-state-that-tastier-and-more-pesticide-resistant-tomato-varieties-can-be.md) _Context: pesticides_
5. [A study links the risk of Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder to pesticide exposure before birth. [http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/38763223/ns/health-kids_and_parenting/ (MSNBC)] 10.1289/ehp.1002056 ("Env. Health Persp.")](/news/2010/08/20/a-study-links-the-risk-of-attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-to-pesticide-exposure-before-birth-http-today-msnbc-msn-com-id-387632.md) _Context: pesticides_
6. [ Canada's Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute discovers a new method to create embryonic-like stem cells that could cure spinal-cord injuries and Parkinson's disease. ](/news/2009/03/1/canada-s-samuel-lunenfeld-research-institute-discovers-a-new-method-to-create-embryonic-like-stem-cells-that-could-cure-spinal-cord-injurie.md) _Context: Parkinson's-like_
7. [ American psychiatrist and best-selling author M. Scott Peck, M.D. Dies after suffering from Parkinson's disease and pancreatic and liver duct cancer. Peck, 69, was the author of "The Road Less Traveled". ](/news/2005/09/25/american-psychiatrist-and-best-selling-author-m-scott-peck-m-d-dies-after-suffering-from-parkinson-s-disease-and-pancreatic-and-liver-du.md) _Context: Parkinson's-like_
8. [ More than a dozen Coalition soldiers, a Knight Ridder reporter, a CNN cameraman and two Iraqi prisoners of war are sent for chemical weapons decontamination after exhibiting symptoms of possible exposure to tabun and sarin nerve agents and lewisite blistering agents while searching an Iraqi agricultural warehouse and a nearby military compound on the Euphrates river between the cities of Kerbala and Hilla. U.S. soldiers found eleven 25-gallon barrels and three 55-gallon chemical drums, hundreds of gas masks and chemical suits, along with large numbers of mortar and artillery rounds. Initial tests of the chemicals were positive, then a second test was done which came back negative. A third test, conducted by a mobile testing unit provided by Germany confirmed the existence of sarin. Some reports indicate that the chemicals found at the agricultural warehouse may turn out to be pesticides. Further tests are planned in the United States. U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said later in a Pentagon briefing that "almost all first reports we get, turn out to be wrong. We don't do first reports and we don't speculate.",](/news/2003/04/7/more-than-a-dozen-coalition-soldiers-a-knight-ridder-reporter-a-cnn-cameraman-and-two-iraqi-prisoners-of-war-are-sent-for-chemical-weapon.md) _Context: pesticides_
