### [2015-07-14](/news/2015/07/14/index.md)

# North Korea announces a criminal amnesty in honor of the 70th anniversary of independence from Japanese rule. 

North Korea, whose notorious prison camps have been condemned by global rights groups, announced Tuesday an amnesty for convicted criminals to coincide with the 70th anniversary of independence from Japanese colonial rule. The pardons will take effect on August 1, the North&#x27;s official KCNA news


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/north-korea-announces-criminal-amnesty-015032813.html;_ylt=A0SO8wlsb6RVuPoAIydXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByNWU4cGh1BGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzYw--)

### Related:

1. [North Korea will change its time zone to UTC+08:30 on August 15, returning to the time used by the Korean Empire until Japanese occupation in 1910. ](/news/2015/08/7/north-korea-will-change-its-time-zone-to-utc-08-30-on-august-15-returning-to-the-time-used-by-the-korean-empire-until-japanese-occupation-i.md) _Context: Korea's colonial occupation, North Korea_
2. [North Korea sentences American Kenneth Bae to 15 years of prison labor for "hostile acts" against the regime. The United States calls for amnesty. ](/news/2013/05/2/north-korea-sentences-american-kenneth-bae-to-15-years-of-prison-labor-for-hostile-acts-against-the-regime-the-united-states-calls-for-am.md) _Context: North Korea, amnesty_
3. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
4. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [The Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the-u-s-m.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [Japanese war crimes: The National Archives of Korea has received a donation of around 6,000 records showing the forced mobilization of Koreans during Korea's colonial occupation by the Empire of Japan, some of them involving details about the controversial Hashima Island. The government agency plans to publish the records online after classification. ](/news/2017/08/14/japanese-war-crimes-the-national-archives-of-korea-has-received-a-donation-of-around-6-000-records-showing-the-forced-mobilization-of-korea.md) _Context: Korea's colonial occupation_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
