### [2015-07-14](/news/2015/07/14/index.md)

# Recent climate change would still cause a 6-meter (20-feet) sea-level rise even if greenhouse gas emissions were reduced today per a scientific paper in ''Science''.

Without further emission cuts, global temperatures could reach 5˚C above pre-industrial levels by 2100 with devastating effects on oceans and species A global warming increase of less than 2˚C could be enough to raise sea levels by six metres, research has shown. Melting polar ice sheets have...


### Source:

1. [Science](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/349/6244/aaa4019)
2. [Times of Malta](http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20150713/environment/rising-oceans-impact-enormous.576417)

### Related:

1. [ The British Antarctic Survey announces that the flow rate of 300 previously unmeasured glaciers increased by 12% between 1993 and 2003, adding to concerns over glacier retreat and the rise in sea levels caused by global warming. ](/news/2007/06/5/the-british-antarctic-survey-announces-that-the-flow-rate-of-300-previously-unmeasured-glaciers-increased-by-12-between-1993-and-2003-add.md) _Context: global warming's, rising sea levels_
2. [ The Governments of Kiribati and Tuvalu say the citizens of their countries will need to be permanently relocated over the next ten years due to rising sea levels caused by global warming. ](/news/2006/10/26/the-governments-of-kiribati-and-tuvalu-say-the-citizens-of-their-countries-will-need-to-be-permanently-relocated-over-the-next-ten-years-du.md) _Context: global warming's, rising sea levels_
3. [The Paris Agreement on climate change which governs greenhouse gas emissions will take effect in November. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-which-governs-greenhouse-gas-emissions-will-take-effect-in-november.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
5. [The American town of Shishmaref, Alaska,   votes   to relocate the village from its current location on a barrier island, that has been disappearing  through erosion and rising sea levels, to a site on the mainland. ](/news/2016/08/19/the-american-town-of-shishmaref-alaska-votes-to-relocate-the-village-from-its-current-location-on-a-barrier-island-that-has-been-disa.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
6. [A report from  the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to  accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures,  while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accuratel.md) _Context: global warming's_
7. [In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
8. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
9. [Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-global-deal-on-limiting-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
10. [Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world's glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones -- like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. -- are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-worldas-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-smaller-ones-a-like-the-alpine-i.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
