### [2015-07-14](/news/2015/07/14/index.md)

# The Google Maps website removes the Chinese name for the Scarborough Shoal bitterly disputed by China and the Philippines from its maps service, following an outcry from Filipinos. 

Google has quietly removed the Chinese name for a South China Sea shoal bitterly disputed by Beijing and Manila from its maps service.


### Source:

1. [The Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/google-removes-chinese-name-for-south-china-sea-shoal-on-map-after-philippine-furore/articleshow/48064190.cms)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Scarborough Shoal, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [Abu Sayyaf of the Philippines allegedly kidnap three Filipino fishermen from their trawler off the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo island. ](/news/2016/09/12/abu-sayyaf-of-the-philippines-allegedly-kidnap-three-filipino-fishermen-from-their-trawler-off-the-malaysian-state-of-sabah-on-borneo-island.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippine_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Scarborough Shoal, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [A Philippine Olongapo City Regional Trial Court convicts U.S. Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton of homicide over the death of a transgender Filipina woman. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-philippine-olongapo-city-regional-trial-court-convicts-u-s-marine-joseph-scott-pemberton-of-homicide-over-the-death-of-a-transgender-fili.md) _Context: Filipino, Philippine_
8. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippines-case-against-china-over-maritime-disputes.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. [Seven out of 57 countries defer joining the China-dominated bank. While most of them cite temporary procedural constraints at home, political reasons are involved with the case of the Philippines amid a territorial dispute with China in South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/30/seven-out-of-57-countries-defer-joining-the-china-dominated-bank-while-most-of-them-cite-temporary-procedural-constraints-at-home-politica.md) _Context: Philippine, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
