### [2015-04-4](/news/2015/04/4/index.md)

# Russia convenes a UNSC session to discuss Saudi Arabian attacks in Yemen after Royal Saudi Air Force bombed a refugee camp, killing dozens. 

As the fighting in Yemen intensifies, Russia has submitted a draft resolution to the UN Security Council that calls for a humanitarian pause to the Saudi-led coalition airstrikes in an effort to quell the violence that is impacting civilians.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/246685-yemen-security-council-meeting/)
2. [Sputnik](http://sputniknews.com/politics/20150403/1020456724.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2014-15 Yemeni coup d'etat. 2015 military intervention in Yemen. The Saudi Arabian Air Force launches airstrikes on Sana'a International Airport and Yemen's al Dulaimi military airport resulting in at least 17 deaths. ](/news/2015/03/26/aftermath-of-the-2014-15-yemeni-coup-d-a-c-tat-2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-arabian-air-force-launches-airstrikes-on-sana.md) _Context: Royal Saudi Air Force, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
2. [2015 military intervention in Yemen. Saudi airstrikes continue in Yemen for the third successive day while ground fighting occurs in Aden. Saudi Arabia claims to be in full control of Yemen's airspace. ](/news/2015/03/28/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-saudi-airstrikes-continue-in-yemen-for-the-third-successive-day-while-ground-fighting-occurs-in-aden-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
3. [2015 military intervention in Yemen. A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". ](/news/2015/03/27/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-a-middle-eastern-coalition-led-by-the-saudi-arabian-army-and-egyptian-navy-attacks-positions-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations Security Council_
7. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
9. [Syrian peace process. France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
