### [2004-06-28](/news/2004/06/28/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election, 2004: Results give the Liberal Party a minority government; in a likely alliance with the NDP, they will together hold exactly half the Commons seats. Despite the heated nature of the campaign, turnout was the lowest in recent memory. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/06/29/canada/elxn_wrap040629)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election: Former deputy prime minister Sheila Copps loses the Liberal constituency nomination to current Transport Minister Tony Valeri by 311 votes. She will likely appeal; there is some speculation that if the loss remains, she will either run as an independent or for the New Democratic Party. ](/news/2004/03/6/canadian-federal-election-former-deputy-prime-minister-sheila-copps-loses-the-liberal-constituency-nomination-to-current-transport-ministe.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, NDP_
2. [ Canadian federal election: Monia Mazigh, the wife of former Syrian deportee Maher Arar, announces her run for candidacy with the NDP in the riding of Ottawa South. ](/news/2004/03/10/canadian-federal-election-monia-mazigh-the-wife-of-former-syrian-deportee-maher-arar-announces-her-run-for-candidacy-with-the-ndp-in-the.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, NDP_
3. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
4. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
5. [Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/official-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-national-party-holding-a-plurality-of-the-votes-and-seats-with-con.md) _Context: minority government_
6. [The Australian Council of Trade Unions and Australian Workers' Union threatens to withdraw support for the Julia Gillard minority government's plans to introduce a carbon tax unless it can be guaranteed that no jobs will be lost. ](/news/2011/04/15/the-australian-council-of-trade-unions-and-australian-workers-union-threatens-to-withdraw-support-for-the-julia-gillard-minority-government.md) _Context: minority government_
7. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: minority government_
8. [The Australian Greens agree to support a Gillard Labor minority government as negotiations continue to form a government after the recent election. ](/news/2010/09/1/the-australian-greens-agree-to-support-a-gillard-labor-minority-government-as-negotiations-continue-to-form-a-government-after-the-recent-el.md) _Context: minority government_
9. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: minority government_
10. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: minority government_
