### [2016-09-15](/news/2016/09/15/index.md)

# List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. 

The following press release was issued by the European Council on September 13, 2016 16:22. The Council prolonged by 6 months the application of EU restrictive measures targeting actions against Ukraine&#8217;s territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence. These sanctions consist of an asset freeze and a travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities.&nbsp;They have been extended


### Source:

1. [EU press release](https://www.neweurope.eu/press-release/eu-prolongs-sanctions-over-actions-against-ukraines-territorial-integrity/)
2. [Europe Online Magazine](http://en.europeonline-magazine.eu/eu-further-extends-sanctions-on-putin-associates-over-ukraine-action_484532.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/09/15/world/europe/ap-eu-eu-ukraine-russia-sanctions.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Crimea for the first time since the annexation, arriving in Sevastopol for Victory Day celebrations. ](/news/2014/05/9/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-visits-crimea-for-the-first-time-since-the-annexation-arriving-in-sevastopol-for-vic.md) _Context: Crimea, Vladimir Putin, annexation by Russia_
2. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
3. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
4. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: European Union, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Russia-Ukraine relations: The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
6. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
7. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine_
8. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
9. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine_
10. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine_
