### [2016-09-15](/news/2016/09/15/index.md)

# Presidency of A former militiaman claims while testifying at a hearing by the Philippine Senate that President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte ordered the deaths of criminals and political opponents, allegedly Leila de Lima, critic and journalist Juan Pala, and unidentified Filipino Muslims in 1993, while he was mayor of Davao City. The witness also revealed that Duterte's son Paolo may also have been involved in the murders as an accomplice to his father. 

(UPDATE 4 - 12:28 p.m.) A self-confessed member of the so-called &#039;Davao Death Squad&#039; recited Thursday a litany of more than a thousand murders over than three decades he claimed were carried out on orders of then Mayor Rodrigo Duterte and his son Paolo, the incumbent vice mayor.


### Source:

1. [AP via WTOP](http://wtop.com/asia/2016/09/witness-says-philippine-president-ordered-killings/)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-15/witness-says-philippine-president-ordered-killings)
3. [Interaksyon](http://www.interaksyon.com/article/132449/dds-member-links-duterte-son-paolo-to-murders)
4. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/146292-duterte-ordered-killing-jun-pala-senate-witness)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/09/14/world/asia/ap-as-philippines-duterte-killings.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte declares a nationwide "state of lawlessness" after yesterday's bombing in Davao City that has killed at least 14 people. ](/news/2016/09/3/the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-declares-a-nationwide-state-of-lawlessness-after-yesterday-s-bombing-in-davao-city-that-h.md) _Context: Davao City, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-liberal-party-of-the-philippines-the-party-of-vice-president-leni-robredo-and-detained-senator-leila-de-lima-formally-becomes-the-oppo.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Senate_
10. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Rodrigo Duterte_
