### [2016-09-15](/news/2016/09/15/index.md)

# The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. 

Bipartisan members of the House Intelligence Committee denounce Edward Snowden as a &quot;criminal&quot; who caused &quot;tremendous damage&quot; to U.S. national security.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/15/494157921/house-intel-panel-edward-snowden-was-no-whistleblower)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
2. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): Edward Snowden: NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
3. [The "Washington Post" and "The Guardian" newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
4. [Edward Snowden offers Brazil information over the NSA spying of its citizens. ](/news/2013/12/17/edward-snowden-offers-brazil-information-over-the-nsa-spying-of-its-citizens.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
5. [An amnesty deal is being floated by the National Security Agency for the leaker Edward Snowden. ](/news/2013/12/16/an-amnesty-deal-is-being-floated-by-the-national-security-agency-for-the-leaker-edward-snowden.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
6. [American National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden is granted a one-year temporary political asylum in Russia and leaves Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. ](/news/2013/08/1/american-national-security-agency-whistleblower-edward-snowden-is-granted-a-one-year-temporary-political-asylum-in-russia-and-leaves-moscow.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
7. [A petition about pardoning former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden reaches 100,000 signatures. ](/news/2013/06/22/a-petition-about-pardoning-former-u-s-national-security-agency-contractor-edward-snowden-reaches-100-000-signatures.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
8. [U.S. government surveillance programs (including PRISM):: Several Federal officials, including National Security Agency (NSA) Director Keith Alexander, testify at a hearing held by the U.S. House Intelligence Committee over government surveillance programs whose existence was leaked earlier this month. ](/news/2013/06/18/u-s-government-surveillance-programs-including-prism-several-federal-officials-including-national-security-agency-nsa-director-keith.md) _Context: House Intelligence Committee, National Security Agency_
9. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA": The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
