### [2012-12-13](/news/2012/12/13/index.md)

# Britain's Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards launches an investigation into expenses claimed by British Culture Secretary Maria Miller. 

David Cameron says Culture Secretary Maria Miller has &quot;excellent answers&quot; to questions about her expenses, as she faces a Parliamentary inquiry.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/dec/13/maria-miller-parliamentary-investigation-expenses)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20711702)

### Related:

1. [Maria Miller resigns as the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport in the United Kingdom following an expenses scandal. Sajid Javid is announced as her replacement. ](/news/2014/04/9/maria-miller-resigns-as-the-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-in-the-united-kingdom-following-an-expenses-scandal-sajid-javid.md) _Context: Maria Miller, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
2. [10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned ''The Daily Telegraph'' against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/12/12/10-downing-street-denies-that-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-spokesman-craig-oliver-warned-the-daily-telegraph-against-running-a.md) _Context: Maria Miller, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards_
4. [Speaking on the BBC's ''The Andrew Marr Show'', British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
5. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
6. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
7. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
8. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
9. [British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt agrees to hand over private emails to the Leveson Inquiry relating to the BSkyB takeover as pressure mounts for a separate inquiry into his conduct. ](/news/2012/04/27/british-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-agrees-to-hand-over-private-emails-to-the-leveson-inquiry-relating-to-th.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
10. [The Parliamentary Standards Commissioner has recommended that Liberal Democrat MP and former Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Laws be suspended from the House of Commons for 7 days over wrongly claimed expenses. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-parliamentary-standards-commissioner-has-recommended-that-liberal-democrat-mp-and-former-chief-secretary-to-the-treasury-david-laws-be-s.md) _Context: Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards_
