### [2012-12-13](/news/2012/12/13/index.md)

# North Korea's first satellite successfully put into orbit, Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2, appears to be spinning out of control, according to U.S. officials. South Korean sources later deny the report, saying the satellite appears to be orbiting Earth normally. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/12/12/15866530-north-korean-satellite-tumbling-out-of-control-us-officials-say)

### Related:

1. [North Korea successfully launches a long-range Unha rocket to put its first satellite into space, the aim of what critics say is a disguised ballistic missile test. The United Nations condemns the action. ](/news/2012/12/12/north-korea-successfully-launches-a-long-range-unha-rocket-to-put-its-first-satellite-into-space-the-aim-of-what-critics-say-is-a-disguised.md) _Context: North Korea, first, released an object into orbit, successfully_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States. South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, released an object into orbit_
4. [North Korea ends all peace pacts with South Korea and closes the main Panmunjom border crossing inside the Korean Demilitarized Zone. North Korean generals affirm they are aiming their long range missiles at the U.S. mainland in retaliation for the recently approved U.N. sanctions. ](/news/2013/03/8/north-korea-ends-all-peace-pacts-with-south-korea-and-closes-the-main-panmunjom-border-crossing-inside-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-north.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
5. [South Korea launches its first civilian rocket called Naro-1 carrying a scientific satellite STSAT-2C amidst tension with North Korea. ](/news/2013/01/30/south-korea-launches-its-first-civilian-rocket-called-naro-1-carrying-a-scientific-satellite-stsat-2c-amidst-tension-with-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, released an object into orbit_
6. [The South Korean defence ministry says the launch of a satellite into space by North Korea was a disguised test of a 10,000 km range missile. ](/news/2012/12/23/the-south-korean-defence-ministry-says-the-launch-of-a-satellite-into-space-by-north-korea-was-a-disguised-test-of-a-10-000-km-range-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, rocket launch_
7. [Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans celebrate the successful launch of the Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2 satellite in Pyongyang's Kim Il-Sung Square. ](/news/2012/12/14/hundreds-of-thousands-of-north-koreans-celebrate-the-successful-launch-of-the-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-satellite-in-pyongyang-s-kim-il-sung.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit, rocket launch_
8. [Specialists from Thales Alenia Space carry out some maneuvers to bring the Russian Yamal-402 satellite into its designated orbit after a premature separation from Briz-M, the upper stage of a Proton-M carrier rocket, during the launch on 8 December. ](/news/2012/12/10/specialists-from-thales-alenia-space-carry-out-some-maneuvers-to-bring-the-russian-yamal-402-satellite-into-its-designated-orbit-after-a-pre.md) _Context: orbit, released an object into orbit, successfully_
9. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, released an object into orbit_
10. [China warns the U.S. against performing any military acts within their exclusive economic zone, ahead of joint South Korean-U.S. military exercises aimed at threatening North Korea. ](/news/2010/11/26/china-warns-the-u-s-against-performing-any-military-acts-within-their-exclusive-economic-zone-ahead-of-joint-south-korean-u-s-military-ex.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
