### [2012-12-13](/news/2012/12/13/index.md)

# The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him -60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. 

European Court of Human Rights rules that German citizen was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by US agents.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/12/20121213144859463814.html)
2. [ECHR](http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/sites/fra-press/pages/search.aspx?i=003-4196815-4975517)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/law/2012/dec/13/cia-tortured-sodomised-terror-suspect)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Supreme Court dismisses the case of the German citizen Khalid El-Masri who accuses the CIA of abducting him to a secret prison in Afghanistan where he claims he was tortured. The US government had argued that a public trial would reveal state secrets. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-united-states-supreme-court-dismisses-the-case-of-the-german-citizen-khalid-el-masri-who-accuses-the-cia-of-abducting-him-to-a-secret-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Germany, Khalid El-Masri_
2. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Khalid El-Masri, extraordinary rendition_
3. [A report alleges that the German BND has been spying on journalists in Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/24/a-report-alleges-that-the-german-bnd-has-been-spying-on-journalists-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Germany_
4. [European migrant crisis: Greece claims that Macedonia has closed its borders to migrants from Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/02/21/european-migrant-crisis-greece-claims-that-macedonia-has-closed-its-borders-to-migrants-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Macedonian_
5. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Macedonian_
6. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Germany_
7. [European migrant crisis: Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/european-migrant-crisis-following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-mos.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Germany_
8. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: CIA, Germany_
9. [Gunfire is reported at a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) compound in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/25/gunfire-is-reported-at-a-central-intelligence-agency-cia-compound-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
10. [CIA director Leon Panetta reveals Jordanian double agent Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi was not properly vetted before his suicide attack on the CIA's Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/10/19/cia-director-leon-panetta-reveals-jordanian-double-agent-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-was-not-properly-vetted-before-his-suicide-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
