### [2012-12-13](/news/2012/12/13/index.md)

# U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice withdraws her name from consideration to be nominated U.S. Secretary of State, following increasing opposition to her nomination by Republican members of the Senate. 

Susan Rice has withdrawn her name for consideration to be nominated for secretary of state.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/12/20121213205034736533.html)
2. [MSNBC](http://tv.msnbc.com/2012/12/13/susan-rice-withdraws-from-contention-to-be-secretary-of-state/)

### Related:

1. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: Republican, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
2. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
3. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
4. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
5. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet: The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2017/02/1/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-the-united-states-senate-in-a-56-43-vote-confirms-rex-tillerson-s-nomination-as-united-states-secre.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
6. [Senator Murphy gun control filibuster: 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting: Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/senator-murphy-gun-control-filibuster-2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-af.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016: Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
