### [2006-02-3](/news/2006/02/3/index.md)

#  Queues build up at vendors as the EuroMillions lottery offers a jackpot of EUR180 million after 11 successive rollovers (statistically expected once in 25 years). Some British vendors report a 1200% increase in sales. EuroMillions tickets are sold in Austria, Belgium. France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. An Irish woman won EUR115,436,126 last July. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/4673280.stm)
2. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uklatest/story/0,,-5591756,00.html)
3. [UK National Lottery](http://www.national-lottery.co.uk/player/p/results/prizes/prizeAction.do)

### Related:

1. [European Union Agriculture Ministers meet in Luxembourg to discuss the continuing 2011 E. coli O104:H4 outbreak that has so far killed 23 and for which no cause has yet been found; a 150 million euro compensation fund is proposed, but no Europe-wide bans on produce. ](/news/2011/06/7/european-union-agriculture-ministers-meet-in-luxembourg-to-discuss-the-continuing-2011-e-coli-o104-h4-outbreak-that-has-so-far-killed-23-an.md) _Context: EUR, Luxembourg_
2. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
3. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
5. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: EUR_
6. [European Union-The Gambia relationsThe European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/european-unionathe-gambia-relationspthe-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-th.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: EUR_
8. [Consultancy PwC says that global banks with business both in London and on the European continent must plan for a hard Brexit that entails a break with many of the benefits of the Euro system, and a short transition period. ](/news/2017/01/31/consultancy-pwc-says-that-global-banks-with-business-both-in-london-and-on-the-european-continent-must-plan-for-a-hard-brexit-that-entails-a.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [Luxembourg's foreign minister Jean Asselborn calls for Hungary to be expelled from the European Union for its treatment of migrants. ](/news/2016/09/13/luxembourg-s-foreign-minister-jean-asselborn-calls-for-hungary-to-be-expelled-from-the-european-union-for-its-treatment-of-migrants.md) _Context: Luxembourg_
