### [2006-02-3](/news/2006/02/3/index.md)

#  The United States expels Venezuelan diplomat Jeny Figueredo Frias in retaliation for yesterday's expulsion of suspected US spy John Correa from Venezuela. A State Department spokesman described the move as part of "tit-for-tat diplomatic games". 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2006-02-03-voa61.cfm)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
2. [The White House announces that citizens of North Korea, Venezuela, and Chad will be restricted from travelling to the United States, along with citizens of the six nations previously listed in Executive Order 13780 with the exception of Sudan. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-white-house-announces-that-citizens-of-north-korea-venezuela-and-chad-will-be-restricted-from-travelling-to-the-united-states-along-w.md) _Context: Venezuela_
3. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
4. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
6. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
9. [The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposition-led-national-assembly-of-venezuela.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-governor-liborio-guarulla.md) _Context: Venezuela_
