### [2014-10-28](/news/2014/10/28/index.md)

# An unmanned Antares rocket carrying NASA's Cygnus CRS Orb-3 resupply mission to the International Space Station explodes seconds after taking off from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the U.S. state of Virginia. The loss includes five thousand pounds of cargo. 

A private, unmanned rocket exploded seconds after launching from NASA&apos;s Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [The Baltimore Sun](http://www.baltimoresun.com/health/maryland-health/bs-md-nasa-antares-explosion-20141028-story.html)

### Related:

1. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services. Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: Antares rocket, International Space Station, NASA, Virginia, anomaly on October 28, 2014_
2. [Cygnus 1 (also known as Orbital Sciences COTS Demo Flight) launches the first planned flight of the Orbital Sciences' unmanned resupply spacecraft Cygnus, its first flight to the International Space Station and the second launch of the company's Antares launch vehicle. The flight is under contract to NASA as Cygnus' demonstration mission in the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program. The launch site is MARS on the Delmarva Peninsula in Virginia. ](/news/2013/09/18/cygnus-1-also-known-as-orbital-sciences-cots-demo-flight-launches-the-first-planned-flight-of-the-orbital-sciences-unmanned-resupply-spac.md) _Context: Antares rocket, International Space Station, Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, NASA_
3. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, anomaly on October 28, 2014_
4. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
5. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
6. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
7. [SpaceX CRS-8. SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-crs-8-spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusab.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
8. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
9. [For the first time, NASA emailed hardware, a wrench, to the International Space Station that was fabricated on the ISS's Zero Gravity 3D printer. ](/news/2014/12/16/for-the-first-time-nasa-emailed-hardware-a-wrench-to-the-international-space-station-that-was-fabricated-on-the-iss-s-zero-gravity-3d-pri.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
10. [Two NASA astronauts at the International Space Station complete a series of spacewalks to replace a faulty ammonia coolant pump. ](/news/2013/12/24/two-nasa-astronauts-at-the-international-space-station-complete-a-series-of-spacewalks-to-replace-a-faulty-ammonia-coolant-pump.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
