### [2014-10-28](/news/2014/10/28/index.md)

# Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. 

Australia came under fire on Tuesday from health experts and rights advocates after it issued a blanket ban on visas from West African nations affected by the Ebola outbreak, making it the first rich nation to shut its doors to the region.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/10/28/us-health-ebola-australia-idINKBN0IH05120141028)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
2. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
3. [An outbreak of Ebola virus which has killed at least 59 people in Guinea continues its spread, entering Liberia and threatens to spread to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/03/24/an-outbreak-of-ebola-virus-which-has-killed-at-least-59-people-in-guinea-continues-its-spread-entering-liberia-and-threatens-to-spread-to-s.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, ebola virus_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation confirms a second new case of Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2016/01/21/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-confirms-a-second-new-case-of-ebola-virus-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, ebola virus_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Sierra Leone imposes quarantine on hundreds of people following a recent death from the Ebola virus. ](/news/2016/01/17/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-imposes-quarantine-on-hundreds-of-people-following-a-recent-death-from-the-ebola-virus.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, ebola virus_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia, ebola virus_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia, ebola virus_
8. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
9. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
10. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
