### [2002-11-8](/news/2002/11/8/index.md)

#  Former President of France Valry Giscard d'Estaing, head of the Convention on the Future of Europe, told the newspaper "Le Monde" that Turkey should not become a member of the European Union, even though Turkey is a very important country with a true elite. He particularly mentioned that the capital and 95% of the population were not located on the European continent. He also mentioned that "one cannot discuss, as we do it, the national legislation of the Union, on very important points of everyday European issues and pretend that some discussions could be extended to countries which, for perfectly estimable reasons, have another culture, another approach, another way of life".




### Related:

1. [European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk-m.md) _Context: European Union, President of France_
2. [Turkey fails to meet the criteria set forth by the European Union in order to obtain visa-free travel to its member states. The EU promised to grant Turkey visa-free travel only if it met specific conditions on border security and human rights. ](/news/2016/06/15/turkey-fails-to-meet-the-criteria-set-forth-by-the-european-union-in-order-to-obtain-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-the-eu-promised.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
3. [Hansjorg Haber|de, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. ](/news/2016/06/14/hansjaprg-haber-de-the-european-union-s-top-envoy-to-turkey-resigns-effective-august-amer-aelik-turkish-minister-of-european-union-aff.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
4. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
5. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
6. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
7. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: European Union, President of France_
8. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
9. [The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migran.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
10. [The Turkish deputy ambassador to Britain says Turkey should be allowed to join the European Union in order to help solve the Syrian refugee crisis. ](/news/2016/03/7/the-turkish-deputy-ambassador-to-britain-says-turkey-should-be-allowed-to-join-the-european-union-in-order-to-help-solve-the-syrian-refugee.md) _Context: European Union, Turkey_
