### [2002-11-8](/news/2002/11/8/index.md)

#  General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.




### Related:

1. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
2. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
3. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
4. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
5. [The President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir arrives in Beijing for talks with Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China to discuss the recent partition with Southern Sudan. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-president-of-sudan-omar-hassan-al-bashir-arrives-in-beijing-for-talks-with-hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
6. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-il arrives in Beijing for a meeting with the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao. ](/news/2011/05/25/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-arrives-in-beijing-for-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
7. [Statues of 4 Chinese leaders, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, Jiang Zemin, Hu Jintao, are unveiled in Sichuan. ](/news/2010/06/25/statues-of-4-chinese-leaders-mao-zedong-deng-xiaoping-jiang-zemin-hu-jintao-are-unveiled-in-sichuan.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
8. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-il allegedly meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao in Beijing. ](/news/2010/05/6/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-allegedly-meets-with-chinese-president-hu-jintao-in-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
9. [ July 2009 rmqi riots. Chinese President Hu Jintao returns to Beijing and chairs Politburo Meeting, vowing "severe punishment" on culprits as the social order in rmqi is being restored. ](/news/2009/07/9/july-2009-urumqi-riots-chinese-president-hu-jintao-returns-to-beijing-and-chairs-politburo-meeting-vowing-severe-punishment-on-culprits.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
10. [ July 2009 Urumqi riots. Chinese President Hu Jintao leaves the 35th G8 Summit and returns to Beijing to deal with the ongoing riots in Urumqi. ](/news/2009/07/8/july-2009-ara1-4mqi-riots-chinese-president-hu-jintao-leaves-the-35th-g8-summit-and-returns-to-beijing-to-deal-with-the-ongoing-riots-in-a.md) _Context: Beijing, Hu Jintao_
