### [2016-05-4](/news/2016/05/4/index.md)

# Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. 

The Palestinian Islamist group claimed that Egypt mediated a truce with Israel after 24 hours of escalation and tit-for-tat attacks, Arab press reports said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0XV2G0)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Hamas-says-truce-reached-with-Israel-to-end-fighting-along-Gaza-border-453147)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=339464)

### Related:

1. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert declares a unilateral ceasefire beginning January 18 at 2:00 am Israel Standard Time (UTC+2) in its conflict with Hamas. However, Israeli Defense Forces will remain in the Gaza Strip until further notice. ](/news/2009/01/17/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-beginning-january-18-at-2-00-am-israel-standard-time-utc-2-in-its-conf.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, ceasefire_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadliest-day-since-israel-launched-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, ceasefire_
7. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [ Israeli Defense Forces in the Gaza Strip discover grenades made by Hamas from humanitarian supplies. ](/news/2009/02/13/israeli-defense-forces-in-the-gaza-strip-discover-grenades-made-by-hamas-from-humanitarian-supplies.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [ Israel and Hamas ignore the United Nations Security Council's call for a ceasefire in the conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/9/israel-and-hamas-ignore-the-united-nations-security-council-s-call-for-a-ceasefire-in-the-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, ceasefire_
10. [ Israel rejects a proposed stoppage of Operation Cast Lead that would also have ceased rocket attacks from Hamas so humanitarian aid could be delivered to affected areas in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2008/12/31/israel-rejects-a-proposed-stoppage-of-operation-cast-lead-that-would-also-have-ceased-rocket-attacks-from-hamas-so-humanitarian-aid-could-b.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, ceasefire_
