### [2016-05-4](/news/2016/05/4/index.md)

# The U.S. Justice Department notifies North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory  that the state's new law which limits restroom access for transgender people violates the U.S. Civil Rights Act, and asks for a response by May 9 whether the state will correct "these violations of Title VII." The Governor's statement in response does not specifically say what the state will do. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-north-carolina-lgbt-idUSKCN0XV2N8)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/04/us/north-carolina-transgender-law-challenge/)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had-a-foot-of-water-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
2. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
3. [Protesters of the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott yesterday injure twelve Charlotte, North Carolina police officers. Riots continue into a second night with North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory declaring a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/09/21/protesters-of-the-police-shooting-of-keith-lamont-scott-yesterday-injure-twelve-charlotte-north-carolina-police-officers-riots-continue-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
4. [  North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
5. [ The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-full-7th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-chicago-rules-8-3-that-the-1964-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-employees-from-workplace-dis.md) _Context: 1964 Civil Rights Act_
6. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by  Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory-to-accept-his-defeat-by-democratic-nominee-r.md) _Context: Pat McCrory_
10. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
