### [2011-07-26](/news/2011/07/26/index.md)

# Britain's Trinity Mirror reviews its editorial guidelines in light of the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo News](http://finance.yahoo.com/news/Mirror-to-review-practices-apf-3849737525.html?x=0&.v=1)

### Related:

1. ["News of the World":: Former editor of the "News of the World", Andy Coulson, is arrested for questioning due to alleged involvement in a phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/8/news-of-the-world-former-editor-of-the-news-of-the-world-andy-coulson-is-arrested-for-questioning-due-to-alleged-involvement-in-a-ph.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
2. ["News of the World" phone hacking affair:: News International shuts down the British newspaper the "News of the World", as a result of a phone hacking affair, with the final edition coming out Sunday. ](/news/2011/07/7/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-news-international-shuts-down-the-british-newspaper-the-news-of-the-world-as-a-result-of-a-pho.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
3. ["News of the World" phone hacking affair:: British tabloid the "News of the World" faces fresh allegations linking it to hacking activities, this time after it emerges that the mobile phone of murdered 13-year-old schoolgirl Milly Dowler was interfered with and messages left by relatives were deleted. This gave relatives the false impression that Milly Dowler was still alive when she was not. ](/news/2011/07/5/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-british-tabloid-the-news-of-the-world-faces-fresh-allegations-linking-it-to-hacking-activities.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal:: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
5. [News Corporation affair: News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affair-news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-u.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
7. [News International privacy breaches: Ten members of the British royal family including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are believed to be among the victims of the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/11/news-international-privacy-breaches-ten-members-of-the-british-royal-family-including-the-prince-of-wales-and-the-duchess-of-cornwall-are-b.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
8. [British publisher Trinity Mirror announces that its daily newspaper, "The New Day", will close after just two months since its launch, after sales fell to around 30,000 copies per day. The last edition will be printed on May 6. ](/news/2016/05/4/british-publisher-trinity-mirror-announces-that-its-daily-newspaper-the-new-day-will-close-after-just-two-months-since-its-launch-after.md) _Context: Trinity Mirror_
9. [Phone hacking scandal:: A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/phone-hacking-scandal-a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunc.md) _Context: News of the World_
10. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: News of the World_
