### [2011-07-26](/news/2011/07/26/index.md)

# Luis Gutirrez, an Illinois member of the United States House of Representatives, is arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. during protests calling for immigration reform. 

 Rep. Luis Gutierrez was arrested Tuesday by U.S. Park Police while advocating for immigration reform during a demonstration in front of the White House.


### Source:

1. [Rollcall](http://www.rollcall.com/news/gutierrez_arrested_during_immigration_protest-207724-1.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdn.images2.rollcall.com/image/27cf5635a9671932facf9eaaf28bb860456d2c0d8fa9d892971ca7752284a2a3f694222a45edf4131ed6bf50844a038a/images/logos/roll-call-news.png)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: District of Columbia, Illinois_
2. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
3. [In Washington, D. C., Secret Service agents apprehend a White House north fence jumper. ](/news/2014/10/22/in-washington-d-c-secret-service-agents-apprehend-a-white-house-north-fence-jumper.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
4. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
6. [Environmentalists, citing greenhouse gas emissions and risks of oil spills, including climatologist James Hansen are arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. in a protest to urge President Barack Obama to reject TransCanada Corp.'s $7 billion proposed Keystone Pipeline extension from the Athabasca Oil Sands in northern Alberta in Canada to the US Gulf Coast. ](/news/2011/08/30/environmentalists-citing-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-risks-of-oil-spills-including-climatologist-james-hansen-are-arrested-outside-the-wh.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
9. [ Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-primaries-obama-now-leads-sen-hillary-clint.md) _Context: District of Columbia, Illinois_
10. [ A fire breaks out at the Old Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C., which houses ceremonial offices of Vice President Dick Cheney and the majority of White House staff. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2007/12/19/a-fire-breaks-out-at-the-old-executive-office-building-in-washington-d-c-which-houses-ceremonial-offices-of-vice-president-dick-cheney-a.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
