### [2008-08-27](/news/2008/08/27/index.md)

#  U.S. presidential election: Democratic National Convention: Senator Barack Obama is formally selected by acclamation as the nominee of the Democratic Party. Senator Joe Biden is formally selected as the vice presidential Democratic nominee in the same manner by acclamation. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jQD-Ub1QQZgszKZ4ddpQBmVCevOQD92R0MBO0)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. presidential election: Democratic National Convention: Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-democratic-national-convention-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Democratic National Convention, U.S. presidential election_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Joe Biden_
3. [United States Senate election in California, 2016: United States president Barack Obama and his vice president Joe Biden endorse Kamala Harris over Loretta Sanchez, both of whom are Democrats. ](/news/2016/07/19/united-states-senate-election-in-california-2016-united-states-president-barack-obama-and-his-vice-president-joe-biden-endorse-kamala-harr.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Joe Biden_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vice President Joe Biden says that he will not be seeking the Democratic Party nomination. ](/news/2015/10/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vice-president-joe-biden-says-that-he-will-not-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination.md) _Context: Democratic, Joe Biden_
5. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic_
6. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic_
7. [United States President Barack Obama accepts his party's nomination as candidate for the 2012 presidential election at the Democratic National Convention. ](/news/2012/09/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-accepts-his-party-s-nomination-as-candidate-for-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-democratic-nation.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic_
8. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic_
9. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic_
10. [Joe Biden, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama give the United States men's national soccer team a presidential send-off to South Africa from the White House ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/05/28/joe-biden-bill-clinton-and-barack-obama-give-the-united-states-men-s-national-soccer-team-a-presidential-send-off-to-south-africa-from-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Joe Biden_
