### [2010-05-29](/news/2010/05/29/index.md)

# Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.

Israel calls agreement “deeply flawed and hypocritical.”


### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/world/view/20100530-272853/Israel-rejects-NPT-conference-for-nuclear-free-Middle-East)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=176833)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10191339.stm)

### Related:

1. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: India, Iran, Pakistan_
2. [2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-sistan-and-baluchestan-earthquake-pat-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, Pakistan_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
4. [Daniel B. Shapiro, United States ambassador to Israel, says that the United States "is ready" to attack Iran to prevent the development of nuclear weapons within Iran. ](/news/2012/05/17/daniel-b-shapiro-united-states-ambassador-to-israel-says-that-the-united-states-is-ready-to-attack-iran-to-prevent-the-development-of-n.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
5. [British Defence Secretary Liam Fox says that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and that the assessment of Meir Dagan, outgoing director of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad, that Iran would not be able to produce a nuclear bomb before 2015 could be overly optimistic; Iran rejects Fox's remarks.](/news/2011/01/31/british-defence-secretary-liam-fox-says-that-iran-could-have-a-nuclear-weapon-by-next-year-and-that-the-assessment-of-meir-dagan-outgoing-d.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
6. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
7. [ Iran says it will hold the US responsible for any Israeli attack against their country, in response to US Vice President Joe Biden's claim that the US will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. ](/news/2009/07/6/iran-says-it-will-hold-the-us-responsible-for-any-israeli-attack-against-their-country-in-response-to-us-vice-president-joe-biden-s-claim.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
8. [ The Japanese Vice Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Takao Kitabata, says Japan has enough petroleum reserves to prevent an oil crisis if economic sanctions are imposed on Iran over its nuclear program. Japan is almost entirely dependent on the Middle East for its oil and imports 15 percent of its total oil consumption from Iran.](/news/2006/09/1/the-japanese-vice-minister-of-economy-trade-and-industry-takao-kitabata-says-japan-has-enough-petroleum-reserves-to-prevent-an-oil-crisi.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, nuclear scientist_
9. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
10. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran, Pakistan_
