### [2003-02-18](/news/2003/02/18/index.md)

#  The World Health Organization confirms that a new outbreak of the Ebola virus in the Republic of the Congo killed 64.




### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after-weeks-of-no-cases-there.md) _Context: World Health Organization, ebola virus_
2. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-an-election-for-139-national-assembly-members-after-the-gov.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
5. [Voters in the Republic of the Congo participate in the first round of an election of National Assembly members. ](/news/2017/07/16/voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-participate-in-the-first-round-of-an-election-of-national-assembly-members.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
6. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethiopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethiopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-inter.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [A vaccine for the ebola virus is discovered to be 99.78%-99.87% effective. ](/news/2016/12/22/a-vaccine-for-the-ebola-virus-is-discovered-to-be-99-78-a99-87-effective.md) _Context: ebola virus_
9. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
