### [2003-07-1](/news/2003/07/1/index.md)

#  After many years of controversy, the United Kingdom House of Commons, the lower house of parliament, again votes in favour of legislation to ban fox hunting.




### Related:

1. [The newly elected British House of Commons commences its session with the State Opening of Parliament ceremony in which the Queen's Speech is delivered. ](/news/2015/05/27/the-newly-elected-british-house-of-commons-commences-its-session-with-the-state-opening-of-parliament-ceremony-in-which-the-queen-s-speech-i.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
2. [Nigel Evans resigns as Deputy Speaker of the British House of Commons after being charged with eight sexual offences. ](/news/2013/09/10/nigel-evans-resigns-as-deputy-speaker-of-the-british-house-of-commons-after-being-charged-with-eight-sexual-offences.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
3. [ United Kingdom Commons speaker John Bercow breaks with tradition by abandoning the traditional court dress worn by his predecessor Michael Martin. ](/news/2009/06/23/united-kingdom-commons-speaker-john-bercow-breaks-with-tradition-by-abandoning-the-traditional-court-dress-worn-by-his-predecessor-michael.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
4. [ The British House of Commons considers anti-terrorism legislation extending the period of preventive detention to 42 days with a close vote expected due to a backbench revolt in the Labour Party. The House eventually passes the bill by 315 votes to 306. ](/news/2008/06/11/the-british-house-of-commons-considers-anti-terrorism-legislation-extending-the-period-of-preventive-detention-to-42-days-with-a-close-vote.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
5. [ Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. ](/news/2008/05/19/edward-leigh-s-attempt-to-outlaw-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-in-the-united-kingdom-is-defeated-by-336-votes-to-176-in-the-b.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
6. [ The British MP George Galloway is thrown out of the House of Commons chamber and then suspended for 18 days after an inquiry into his Mariam Appeal campaign. ](/news/2007/07/23/the-british-mp-george-galloway-is-thrown-out-of-the-house-of-commons-chamber-and-then-suspended-for-18-days-after-an-inquiry-into-his-maria.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
7. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
8. [ Reform of the House of Lords: In a British House of Commons vote, a majority of MPs express support for a fully elected House of Lords. A smaller majority support an 80% elected, 20% appointed chamber. Other options with a lower elected component are rejected. The proposals were put forward by Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw, who describes the votes as "a historic step forward". ](/news/2007/03/7/reform-of-the-house-of-lords-in-a-british-house-of-commons-vote-a-majority-of-mps-express-support-for-a-fully-elected-house-of-lords-a-s.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
9. [ The United Kingdom Government wins the support of the House of Commons to update the Trident nuclear missile system. There was a significant revolt within the Labour Party, with two PPSs, Stephen Pound and Chris Ruane, resigning. ](/news/2007/03/14/the-united-kingdom-government-wins-the-support-of-the-house-of-commons-to-update-the-trident-nuclear-missile-system-there-was-a-significan.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
10. [ Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons  over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. ](/news/2007/03/12/nigel-griffiths-resigns-as-the-deputy-leader-of-the-british-house-of-commons-over-the-proposed-expansion-of-the-trident-missile-system.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
