### [2003-07-1](/news/2003/07/1/index.md)

#  In Hong Kong, 500,000 people march to protest the rush into legislation of Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, the anti-subversion law. Critics say the law is both too broad and too vague.




### Related:

1. [ The Macau security law draft was unveiled; it is based on the Article 23 of the Macau Basic Law, similar to the failed anti-subversion bill in Hong Kong based on Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, which drew over 500,000 protesters in 2003. ](/news/2008/10/22/the-macau-security-law-draft-was-unveiled-it-is-based-on-the-article-23-of-the-macau-basic-law-similar-to-the-failed-anti-subversion-bill.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
2. [ A rare political drama happens in Hong Kong. Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa is forced to postpone the legislation of Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, just few hours after he insists the second reading will go on schedule despite the giant protest on July 1.](/news/2003/07/7/a-rare-political-drama-happens-in-hong-kong-chief-executive-tung-chee-hwa-is-forced-to-postpone-the-legislation-of-hong-kong-basic-law-art.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
3. [ In response to 500,000-strong protests earlier in the week, Tung Chee-hwa, Chief Executive of Hong Kong, announces that controversial provisions that are alleged capable of limiting civil liberties in Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23 will be rewritten. ](/news/2003/07/5/in-response-to-500-000-strong-protests-earlier-in-the-week-tung-chee-hwa-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-announces-that-controversial-provi.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
4. [ Following the 500,000-people protest on July 1, the government of Hong Kong is hit by two resignations of high-ranking officials in one day. One is the Financial Secretary Antony Leung and the other is the Security Secretary Regina Ip, who was in charge of the controversial Article 23.](/news/2003/07/16/following-the-500-000-people-protest-on-july-1-the-government-of-hong-kong-is-hit-by-two-resignations-of-high-ranking-officials-in-one-day.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
5. [Tropical Storm Pakhar hits Hong Kong and Macau with sustained winds of 100 km/h and heavy rain, four days after deadly Typhoon Hato passed through the area. ](/news/2017/08/27/tropical-storm-pakhar-hits-hong-kong-and-macau-with-sustained-winds-of-100-km-h-and-heavy-rain-four-days-after-deadly-typhoon-hato-passed-t.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
6. [Thousands protest silently in Hong Kong honoring the life of dissident Liu Xiaobo. ](/news/2017/07/15/thousands-protest-silently-in-hong-kong-honoring-the-life-of-dissident-liu-xiaobo.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
7. [Four lawmakers are removed from the Hong Kong legislature. ](/news/2017/07/14/four-lawmakers-are-removed-from-the-hong-kong-legislature.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
8. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
10. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
