### [2014-08-17](/news/2014/08/17/index.md)

# A private autopsy shows that Michael Brown was shot six times as violent protests continue in Ferguson, Missouri. 

An autopsy performed on Michael Brown shows that the unarmed black teen who was killed by a police officer last week was shot at least six times.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/michael-brown-shooting/michael-brown-autopsy-shows-ferguson-teen-shot-least-6-times-n182816?cid=eml_nbn_20140817)
1. [Cover Image](https://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2014_34/622626/privateautopsy_0a27c936021fe645e368dde80d115aeb.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.png)

### Related:

1. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
2. [The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts. This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreement-reverses-course-and-unanimously-6-0-ag.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
3. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
4. [Tyrone Harris, Jr is shot in Ferguson, Missouri after allegedly firing shots at police. He is in a critical condition.](/news/2015/08/9/tyrone-harris-jr-is-shot-in-ferguson-missouri-after-allegedly-firing-shots-at-police-he-is-in-a-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
5. [An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
6. [A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wilson-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
7. [The American city of St. Louis prepares for a weekend of protests after eight people were arrested protesting another death in the suburb of Ferguson, Missouri this week. ](/news/2014/10/11/the-american-city-of-st-louis-prepares-for-a-weekend-of-protests-after-eight-people-were-arrested-protesting-another-death-in-the-suburb-of.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
8. [The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-following-a.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
9. [Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of-rioting.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
10. [Michael Brown incident in Ferguson, MO: Protests about police shooting a teenager on Saturday in the St Louis suburb of Ferguson turn ugly with looting and vandalism. ](/news/2014/08/10/michael-brown-incident-in-ferguson-mo-protests-about-police-shooting-a-teenager-on-saturday-in-the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-turn-ugly-w.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
