### [2014-08-17](/news/2014/08/17/index.md)

# Kurdish forces, supported by U.S. airstrikes, retake control of the Mosul Dam after its capture by IS militants. 

Kurdish forces in northern Iraq are largely in control of the Mosul dam previously held by Islamic State militants, Kurdish officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28826349)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
2. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
3. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
4. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
5. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
6. [Islamic State fighters kill Kurdish commander Brigadier General Shirko Rauf and five other peshmerga soldiers in heavy fighting in Iraq's Kirkuk province. ](/news/2015/01/30/islamic-state-fighters-kill-kurdish-commander-brigadier-general-shirko-rauf-and-five-other-peshmerga-soldiers-in-heavy-fighting-in-iraq-s-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
7. [Kurdish peshmergas retake the city of Zumar and several nearby villages from ISIS, while Iraqi government forces and Shi'ite militias seize control of Jurf Al Sakhar. ](/news/2014/10/25/kurdish-peshmergas-retake-the-city-of-zumar-and-several-nearby-villages-from-isis-while-iraqi-government-forces-and-shi-ite-militias-seize.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
8. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
