### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# At least two Turkish Army soldiers are killed in clashes with Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) insurgents in the southeast Sirnak Province. 




### Source:

1. [Rudaw](http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/100220161)

### Related:

1. [The Turkish military say it carried out air strikes in northern Iraq against targets belonging to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, hitting weapon stores and shelters. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-turkish-military-say-it-carried-out-air-strikes-in-northern-iraq-against-targets-belonging-to-the-kurdistan-workers-party-hitting-weap.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
2. [At least four Turkish Army soldiers are killed and two others are wounded after a roadside bomb hit their vehicle in the southeast Mardin Province. ](/news/2016/04/15/at-least-four-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-wounded-after-a-roadside-bomb-hit-their-vehicle-in-the-southeast-mardin-pr.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish Land Forces_
3. [Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-stati.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
4. [Two Turkish Army soldiers are killed in a Kurdistan Workers' Party ambush in the southeast Diyarbakir Province. ](/news/2016/02/1/two-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-kurdistan-workers-party-ambush-in-the-southeast-diyarbaka-r-province.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
5. [Twelve Turkish  academics are detained for signing a declaration opposing military action against Kurdistan Workers Party forces in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/01/15/twelve-turkish-academics-are-detained-for-signing-a-declaration-opposing-military-action-against-kurdistan-workers-party-forces-in-southeas.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
6. [Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs-killing-six-people-and-injuring-39-no-group-has-claim.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
7. [Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-military-operations-across-the-embatt.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
8. [Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. ](/news/2015/12/23/clashes-continue-between-pkk-militants-and-turkish-army-troops-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-diyarbaka-r-in-southeastern-turkey-at-least.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish Land Forces_
9. [Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish Land Forces_
10. [The Turkish army says 69 Kurdish insurgents and two Turkish soldiers were killed in four days of fighting in Cizre and Silopi, near the Syrian and Iraqi borders, in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/19/the-turkish-army-says-69-kurdish-insurgents-and-two-turkish-soldiers-were-killed-in-four-days-of-fighting-in-cizre-and-silopi-near-the-syri.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish Land Forces_
