### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. 

Turkey and Greece have agreed to ask for a NATO mission to monitor refugee flows in the Aegean Sea and combat people smugglers, a senior German government official said late on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/nato-to-consider-request-to-help-turkey-with-refugee-flow-to-greece/a-19036476)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/europe-migrants-idINKCN0VJ2S3)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-co.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
2. [European migrant crisis. Greek police say they came under fire on the country-s northeastern border with Turkey during the arrest of two suspected migrant smugglers who had just ferried 22 people across the Evros river that runs along the Greek-Turkish border. ](/news/2015/11/5/european-migrant-crisis-greek-police-say-they-came-under-fire-on-the-country-s-northeastern-border-with-turkey-during-the-arrest-of-two-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey, people smugglers_
3. [Thirty-four refugees, including four babies and 11 children, drown in the Aegean Sea when their wooden boat sinks off the Greek island of Farmakonissi, close to Turkey's coast. ](/news/2015/09/13/thirty-four-refugees-including-four-babies-and-11-children-drown-in-the-aegean-sea-when-their-wooden-boat-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-fa.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greek, Turkey, refugee_
4. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greek, Turkey_
5. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
6. [European migrant crisis. Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/european-migrant-crisis-greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis. At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seas.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
8. [European migrant crisis. European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis. United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/european-migrant-crisis-united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, refugee_
10. [European migrant crisis. At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. ](/news/2016/02/8/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-27-migrants-die-in-a-shipwreck-in-the-aegean-sea-when-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-turkish-bay-of-edremit-near.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Greek_
