### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# North Korea reportedly executes Ri Yong-gil, Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army on charges of corruption, according to South Korean media. 

North Korea has executed its army chief of staff Ri Yong-gil, according to unconfirmed South Korean media reports.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-35543364)

### Related:

1. [North Korean state media confirms that Ri Myong-su is the new chief of the General Staff Department of the Korean People's Army replacing Ri Yong-gil who was executed. ](/news/2016/02/21/north-korean-state-media-confirms-that-ri-myong-su-is-the-new-chief-of-the-general-staff-department-of-the-korean-people-s-army-replacing-ri.md) _Context: General Staff Department of the Korean People's Army, North Korea, Ri Yong-gil_
2. [Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. ](/news/2015/08/21/supreme-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-un-orders-the-korean-people-s-army-to-be-on-a-war-footing-following-the-exchange-of-artillery-fire-wi.md) _Context: Korean People's Army, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
