### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# The Parliament of Australia considers the Turnbull Government's proposed legislation to legalize the growing of marijuana for medical use. The bill is expected to pass. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/australia-commits-to-legal-growing-of-medicinal-marijuana/2016/02/09/c91a6eec-cfaa-11e5-90d3-34c2c42653ac_story.html)
2. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/category/world/view/australia-introduces-medicinal-cannabis-legislation)

### Related:

1. [Australia-United States relations. Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/australia-united-states-relations-citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-a.md) _Context: Turnbull Government_
2. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Parliament_
3. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: medical marijuana_
4. [ Australian federal election, 2016. Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/australian-federal-election-2016-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both.md) _Context: Parliament_
5. [Mexican Drug War. War on Drugs. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: medical marijuana_
6. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: medical marijuana_
7. [Colombia plans to legalize medical marijuana in a further shift in drug policy after suspending aerial fumigation of illicit crops. A decree approving the therapeutic use of marijuana will be signed in the coming days. Growing, distributing and selling cannabis will remain illegal. ](/news/2015/11/13/colombia-plans-to-legalize-medical-marijuana-in-a-further-shift-in-drug-policy-after-suspending-aerial-fumigation-of-illicit-crops-a-decree.md) _Context: medical marijuana_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-faces-a-possible-leadership-vote-when-the-parliament-of-australia-resumes-sitting-after-backbenc.md) _Context: Parliament_
9. [2014 Australian terror raids. Australia raises security for its Parliament after conducting raids that arrest dozens of suspected terrorists. ](/news/2014/09/19/2014-australian-terror-raids-australia-raises-security-for-its-parliament-after-conducting-raids-that-arrest-dozens-of-suspected-terrorists.md) _Context: Parliament_
10. [The Parliament of Australia votes to abolish a carbon tax and emissions trading scheme. ](/news/2014/07/17/the-parliament-of-australia-votes-to-abolish-a-carbon-tax-and-emissions-trading-scheme.md) _Context: Parliament_
