### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) reportedly take control of the Menagh Military Airbase in the northern Aleppo Governorate after Ahrar ash-Sham, Levant Front and Free Syrian Army fighters withdraw amid Russian airstrikes. 

According to several Kurdish social media activists, the People&#039;s Protection Units Units (YPG) - backed by Jaysh Al-Thuwwar of the Syrian Democratic Forces


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](http://www.almasdarnews.com/article/kurdish-forces-reportedly-capture-mennagh-airbase/)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in-the-aleppo-governorate-after-defeating-al-nusra-fr.md) _Context: Ahrar ash-Sham, Aleppo Governorate, government offensive, war_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Russia, war_
3. [Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes-with-isil-militant.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Free Syrian Army, war_
4. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Democratic Forces, war_
5. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Russia, war_
6. [At least three people are killed and three more injured as hundreds of Syrian Kurds flee Aleppo Province villages controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which continues to abduct and enslave Kurds.  Yesterday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 civilians over the past three weeks. ](/news/2016/06/25/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-three-more-injured-as-hundreds-of-syrian-kurds-flee-aleppo-province-villages-controlled-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Kurdish, war_
7. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Democratic Forces, war_
8. [United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/1/united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-begin-an-offensive-to-regain-control-of-the-city-of-manbij-in-the-aleppo-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Democratic Forces, war_
9. [The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of Al-Shaddadah and a nearby oilfield in Syria's north-east Al-Hasakah Governorate following heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-al-shaddadah-and-a-nearby-oilfield-in-syria-s-north-east-al-hasakah-governora.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Democratic Forces, war_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-group-in-syria-s-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Kurdish, war_
