### [2016-02-10](/news/2016/02/10/index.md)

# The FBI, in armored vehicles, closes to within 50 yards (40 meters) of the last four anti-government militants occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Negotiations to end the standoff without violence continue. 

The four holdouts in the armed occupation of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon surrendered on Thursday, with the last protester repeatedly threatening suicide in a dramatic final phone call with mediators before he gave up, ending the 41-day standoff.


### Source:

1. [OregonLive](http://www.oregonlive.com/oregon-standoff/2016/02/oregon_standoff_fbi_moves_in_o.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-oregon-militia-idUSKCN0VK05F)

### Related:

1. [Armed militiamen, including members of the Bundy family of Nevada, take over and occupy the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns, Oregon following a peaceful rally in support of Dwight and Steve Hammond, who were convicted of arson in 2012 for setting fires on public land adjacent to their property. ](/news/2016/01/2/armed-militiamen-including-members-of-the-bundy-family-of-nevada-take-over-and-occupy-the-headquarters-of-the-malheur-national-wildlife-re.md) _Context: Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, anti-government militants_
2. [Armed militiamen, also known as the Citizens for Constitutional Freedom, who are occupying the USFWS administered Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon, tear down a part of a fence that they claim was erected by the federal government in order to allow privately owned cattle to graze on the adjacent public land. USFWS condemns the actions through a written statement which states that, "Removing fences, damaging any refuge property, or unauthorized use of equipment would be additional unlawful actions by the illegal occupiers. Any movement of cattle onto the refuge or other activities that are not specifically authorized by [the Fish and Wildlife Service] constitutes trespassing." ](/news/2016/01/11/armed-militiamen-also-known-as-the-citizens-for-constitutional-freedom-who-are-occupying-the-usfws-administered-malheur-national-wildlife.md) _Context: Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, Occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge_
3. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
4. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
5. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
6. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [ Seven members of the militia who occupied the wildlife refuge, including the leader Ammon Bundy, was acquitted of all federal charges related to the takeover. ](/news/2016/10/27/seven-members-of-the-militia-who-occupied-the-wildlife-refuge-including-the-leader-ammon-bundy-was-acquitted-of-all-federal-charges-relat.md) _Context: Occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge_
8. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-n.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
9. [ A police officer from Bethel, Alaska, will be sentenced to prison for charges related to police brutality in a 2014 case involving an intoxicated man. The charges followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations civil rights division. The former officer, Andrew Reid, was found to have used excessive force and lying on official police reports. The victim suffered a separated shoulder and other injuries. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-police-officer-from-bethel-alaska-will-be-sentenced-to-prison-for-charges-related-to-police-brutality-in-a-2014-case-involving-an-intox.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
