### [2005-08-28](/news/2005/08/28/index.md)

#  Indian Prime Minister  Manmohan Singh says the country will help Afghanistan deal with terrorism and rebuilding the country. ([http://www.ndtv.com/topstories/showtopstory.asp?slug=PM+calls+for+stability+in+Afghanistan%0D&id=17629 NDTV]) 




### Related:

1. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
2. [ Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security eliminates a Pakistani terrorist cell responsible for at least six suicide bombings in Kabul. ](/news/2009/02/3/afghanistan-s-national-directorate-of-security-eliminates-a-pakistani-terrorist-cell-responsible-for-at-least-six-suicide-bombings-in-kabul.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
3. [ A military judge dismisses terrorism-related charges against a Canadian Guantanamo Bay detainee charged with killing a United States Army soldier in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/06/4/a-military-judge-dismisses-terrorism-related-charges-against-a-canadian-guantanamo-bay-detainee-charged-with-killing-a-united-states-army-s.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
4. [ Abdul Tawala Ibn Ali Alishtari is charged in New York, New York with financing terrorism and material support of terrorism for allegedly passing on money for a training camp in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/16/abdul-tawala-ibn-ali-alishtari-is-charged-in-new-york-new-york-with-financing-terrorism-and-material-support-of-terrorism-for-allegedly-pa.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
5. [ The foreign ministers of China, India and Russia meet in New Delhi, India to discuss greater cooperation between the three Asian countries on issues including terrorism, drug trafficking and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/14/the-foreign-ministers-of-china-india-and-russia-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-discuss-greater-cooperation-between-the-three-asian-countries.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
6. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: Afghan, terrorism_
7. [ Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced India would give US$50 million in additional aid for the reconstruction of Afghanistan during his meetings with Hamid Karzai. Earlier, it had pledged US$500 million to help rebuild the war-ravaged country.](/news/2005/08/30/prime-minister-manmohan-singh-announced-india-would-give-us-50-million-in-additional-aid-for-the-reconstruction-of-afghanistan-during-his-m.md) _Context: Afghan, Manmohan Singh_
8. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Afghan_
9. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
