### [2005-08-28](/news/2005/08/28/index.md)

#  Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says the country will help Afghanistan deal with terrorism and rebuilding the country. ([http://www.ndtv.com/topstories/showtopstory.asp?slug=PM+calls+for+stability+in+Afghanistan%0D&id=17629 NDTV]) 




### Related:

1. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
2. [ Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security eliminates a Pakistani terrorist cell responsible for at least six suicide bombings in Kabul. ](/news/2009/02/3/afghanistan-s-national-directorate-of-security-eliminates-a-pakistani-terrorist-cell-responsible-for-at-least-six-suicide-bombings-in-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
3. [ A military judge dismisses terrorism-related charges against a Canadian Guantanamo Bay detainee charged with killing a United States Army soldier in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/06/4/a-military-judge-dismisses-terrorism-related-charges-against-a-canadian-guantanamo-bay-detainee-charged-with-killing-a-united-states-army-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
4. [ Abdul Tawala Ibn Ali Alishtari is charged in New York, New York with financing terrorism and material support of terrorism for allegedly passing on money for a training camp in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/16/abdul-tawala-ibn-ali-alishtari-is-charged-in-new-york-new-york-with-financing-terrorism-and-material-support-of-terrorism-for-allegedly-pa.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
5. [ The foreign ministers of China, India and Russia meet in New Delhi, India to discuss greater cooperation between the three Asian countries on issues including terrorism, drug trafficking and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/14/the-foreign-ministers-of-china-india-and-russia-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-discuss-greater-cooperation-between-the-three-asian-countries.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
6. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, terrorism_
7. [ Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced India would give US$50 million in additional aid for the reconstruction of Afghanistan during his meetings with Hamid Karzai. Earlier, it had pledged US$500 million to help rebuild the war-ravaged country.](/news/2005/08/30/prime-minister-manmohan-singh-announced-india-would-give-us-50-million-in-additional-aid-for-the-reconstruction-of-afghanistan-during-his-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Manmohan Singh_
8. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
9. [An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
10. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
