### [2005-08-28](/news/2005/08/28/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian Islamic Jihad suicide bomber kills himself and injures close to 50 people in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba near the main bus terminal. According to sources, the bomber was trying to make his way to Beersheba's Soroka Hospital. 

Suicide bomber strikes outside central bus station in southern town of Be&#39;er Sheva Sunday morning; bus driver suspects terrorist, informs security guards. Bomber detonates himself prematurely after being spotted; two guards seriously wounded, close to 50 people treated for shock


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4192208.stm)
2. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArtDisengagement.jhtml?itemNo=618088&contrassID=23&subContrassID=0&sbSubContrassID=1)
3. [Reuters](http://olympics.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-08-28T184413Z_01_KNE826563_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-MIDEAST-DC.XML)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1125195660908)
5. [YNETnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3134082,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomb attack kills at least five people in Netanya, north-western Israel. The attack follows confirmation from Shaul Mofaz that Israel will resume its policy of "targeted killings". ](/news/2005/12/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomb-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-netanya-north-western-israel-the-attack-follows-confirm.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
4. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, suicide bombing_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants and the Israeli Government vow to continue attacks on each other after the terrorist attacks and bloodshed. Hamas and Islamic Jihad release an official joint statement on their participation ending in the peace plan. They urge militant cells in Palestine to strike. Israeli security officials state this is ""only the beginning"" of responses to Palestinian attacks.](/news/2003/08/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-and-the-israeli-government-vow-to-continue-attacks-on-each-other-after-the-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Israelis killed and about a dozen wounded in two separate suicide bombings by Palestinian terrorists in the towns of Rosh-Ha'ayin and Ariel. Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attacks. The IDF retaliated on Wednesday by demolishing the house in Nablus where the bomber in the Rosh Ha-Ayin attack lived with his family.](/news/2003/08/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israelis-killed-and-about-a-dozen-wounded-in-two-separate-suicide-bombings-by-palestinian-terrorists-in-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
