### [2005-08-28](/news/2005/08/28/index.md)

#  Omri Sharon, son of the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, has been formally indicted on charges of corruption following allegations concerning Ariel Sharon's bid to become leader of the Likud party in 1999. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4192458.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, announces his resignation from Likud and his intention to form a new party, and asks the President of Israel to call a general election. ](/news/2005/11/21/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-announces-his-resignation-from-likud-and-his-intention-to-form-a-new-party-and-asks-the-presid.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [ Knesset Member Omri Sharon, the son of the Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon, struck a deal with prosecutors that would see him plead guilty to a series of charges in connection with illegal fundraising during Ariel Sharon's 1999 primaries campaign. ](/news/2005/11/14/knesset-member-omri-sharon-the-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-struck-a-deal-with-prosecutors-that-would-see-him-plead-g.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Omri Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
4. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel, Binyamin Netanyahu, has declared his intention to challenge Ariel Sharon for leadership of the Likud party. ](/news/2005/08/30/former-prime-minister-of-israel-binyamin-netanyahu-has-declared-his-intention-to-challenge-ariel-sharon-for-leadership-of-the-likud-party.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ends the Likud-led coalition after he fires ministers from the secular Shinui party, which voted to defeat the annual budget over subsidies to religious parties. ](/news/2004/12/1/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-ends-the-likud-led-coalition-after-he-fires-ministers-from-the-secular-shinui-party-which-voted-to-defe.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
6. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Prime Minister of Israel_
8. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. ](/news/2012/10/25/israeli-prime-minister-and-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-israeli-foreign-minister-and-yisrael-beiteinu-chairman-avigdor-lieberma.md) _Context: Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
10. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. ](/news/2012/01/31/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-comfortably-wins-a-leadership-election-for-the-likud-party-defeating-moshe-feiglin.md) _Context: Likud, Prime Minister of Israel_
