### [2005-08-28](/news/2005/08/28/index.md)

#  Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez threatens to take legal action against Pat Robertson and potentially seek his extradition after the U.S. evangelist called for the assassination the South American leader. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-08-29T025543Z_01_KWA910559_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-VENEZUELA-ROBERTSON-DC.XML)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ American televangelist and former Presidential candidate, Pat Robertson apologizes for calling for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez. ](/news/2005/08/24/american-televangelist-and-former-presidential-candidate-pat-robertson-apologizes-for-calling-for-the-assassination-of-venezuelan-presiden.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated_
2. [ Christian religious leader Pat Robertson, a televangelist and former candidate for President of the United States, calls on the U.S. to kill Hugo Chvez, the President of Venezuela.([http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050823/ap_on_re_us/robertson_assassination;_ylt=AnCN8Y8NH11lNpGiEoXCiHes0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- Yahoo! News] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))) [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4177664.stm (BBC)] [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory?id=1062445 (ABC)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/christian-religious-leader-pat-robertson-a-televangelist-and-former-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states-calls-on-the-u-s-to-kil.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated_
3. [ Venezuelan president Hugo Chvez says he may consider breaking diplomatic ties with the USA if it will not extradite Luis Posada Carriles. ](/news/2005/05/22/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-says-he-may-consider-breaking-diplomatic-ties-with-the-usa-if-it-will-not-extradite-luis-posada-carriles.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, extradited_
4. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
5. [The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
6. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka "The General", leader of one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (GBP3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-euro.md) _Context: extradited_
7. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: assassinated_
8. [Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination-of-temixco-morel.md) _Context: assassinated_
9. [The appellate prosecutors office in the Polish city of Krakow decides not to appeal a decision against extraditing filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face prosecution for historic child sex offences. ](/news/2015/11/27/the-appellate-prosecutors-office-in-the-polish-city-of-krakow-decides-not-to-appeal-a-decision-against-extraditing-filmmaker-roman-polanski.md) _Context: extradited_
10. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: extradited_
