### [2001-09-1](/news/2001/09/1/index.md)

#  The German national football team lose a World Cup qualifier for only the second time at home in their history (including as West Germany) by a heavy 1-5 margin to an England team managed by Sven-Gran Eriksson in the Olympic Stadium in Munchen (Munich), ending a significant run of England losses to Germany.




### Related:

1. [UEFA Euro 2012:England lose by a penalty shoot-out, with former West Ham player Alessandro Diamanti converting from the spot at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex in Kiev to take Italy through to the semi-final against Germany.  ](/news/2012/06/24/uefa-euro-2012-pengland-lose-by-a-penalty-shoot-out-with-former-west-ham-player-alessandro-diamanti-converting-from-the-spot-at-the-olimpiy.md) _Context: England national football team, Germany_
2. [David Beckham flies to Finland to have surgery for a torn Achilles tendon, after the injury thwarts his attempt to become the first English footballer to play at four editions of the FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/03/15/david-beckham-flies-to-finland-to-have-surgery-for-a-torn-achilles-tendon-after-the-injury-thwarts-his-attempt-to-become-the-first-english.md) _Context: England national football team, World Cup_
3. [ In Germany, 378 people (including 122 England fans) are arrested after a violent confrontation between England supporters and Germany supporters in Stuttgart. Approximately 60,000 England supporters are present in Stuttgart for Sunday's World Cup second round game with Ecuador. ](/news/2006/06/24/in-germany-378-people-including-122-england-fans-are-arrested-after-a-violent-confrontation-between-england-supporters-and-germany-suppo.md) _Context: England national football team, Germany_
4. [Sam Allardyce is appointed as the new England national football team manager by The Football Association following the resignation of Roy Hodgson in June. ](/news/2016/07/22/sam-allardyce-is-appointed-as-the-new-england-national-football-team-manager-by-the-football-association-following-the-resignation-of-roy-ho.md) _Context: England national football team_
5. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: World Cup_
6. [Underdogs Iceland defeat England 2-1 at the Allianz Riviera in Nice to reach the quarter-finals of the UEFA European Championship. ](/news/2016/06/27/underdogs-iceland-defeat-england-2-1-at-the-allianz-riviera-in-nice-to-reach-the-quarter-finals-of-the-uefa-european-championship.md) _Context: England national football team_
7. [France deports twenty Russian football fans including Alexander Shprygin, the leader of the All-Russia Supporters Union, following violence at the England-Russia match in Marseille. ](/news/2016/06/16/france-deports-twenty-russian-football-fans-including-alexander-shprygin-the-leader-of-the-all-russia-supporters-union-following-violence.md) _Context: England national football team_
8. [Renewed clashes take place between English and Russian football fans in the French city of Lille following Russia's 2-1 defeat against Slovakia. Riot police fired tear gas at England supporters outside Gare de Lille Europe. ](/news/2016/06/15/renewed-clashes-take-place-between-english-and-russian-football-fans-in-the-french-city-of-lille-following-russia-s-2-1-defeat-against-slova.md) _Context: England national football team_
9. [England international footballer Adam Johnson is sentenced to six years in prison for child grooming and child sexual activity. ](/news/2016/03/24/england-international-footballer-adam-johnson-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-child-grooming-and-child-sexual-activity.md) _Context: England national football team_
10. [In football, Wayne Rooney becomes the highest goalscorer for the England national football team with a goal against Switzerland in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying match. ](/news/2015/09/8/in-football-wayne-rooney-becomes-the-highest-goalscorer-for-the-england-national-football-team-with-a-goal-against-switzerland-in-a-uefa-eu.md) _Context: England national football team_
