### [2011-02-15](/news/2011/02/15/index.md)

# An analysis of the FBI's scientific work in the investigation of the 2001 anthrax attacks on the United States finds that the Bureau overstated the strength of the links to a supply held by Bruce Ivins. 

A review of the F.B.I.’s scientific work on the investigation of the anthrax letters of 2001 concludes that the bureau overstated the strength of genetic analysis linking them to an Army scientist.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/16/us/16anthrax.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
2. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
3. [The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation announces that it has arrested 13 members of the Mafia in the city of Philadelphia in relation to an illegal gambling operation. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-announces-that-it-has-arrested-13-members-of-the-mafia-in-the-city-of-philadelphia-in-rela.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
4. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
5. [United States Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrest dozens of Puerto Rico police officers accused of aiding drug traffickers. ](/news/2010/10/6/united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-arrest-dozens-of-puerto-rico-police-officers-accused-of-aiding-drug-traffickers.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
6. [The United States' Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) posts a letter to the offices of online encyclopedia project Wikipedia, threatening fines and imprisonments over what it claims is the "particularly problematic" use of the agency's seal. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-10851394 (BBC)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TECH/web/08/03/fbi.seal.wikipedia/index.html?eref=rss_topstories (CNN)] [http://www.vanityfair.com/online/daily/2010/08/today-in-intelligence-the-fbi-picks-a-fight-with-wikipedia.html ("Vanity Fair")] (Wikipedia entry)](/news/2010/08/3/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-posts-a-letter-to-the-offices-of-online-encyclopedia-project-wikipedia-threatening.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
7. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
8. [A decade-long manhunt orchestrated by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation ends with the capture of Jose Figueroa Agosto in San Juan, Puerto Rico. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-decade-long-manhunt-orchestrated-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-ends-with-the-capture-of-josa-c-figueroa-agosto-in-sa.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
9. [Spanish politician Gaspar Llamazares says the United States's Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) use of his photo in its "shameless" digital manipulation of Osama Bin Laden for a wanted poster, has left him insecure and worried about travelling to the United States in future. ](/news/2010/01/16/spanish-politician-gaspar-llamazares-says-the-united-states-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-use-of-his-photo-in-its-shameless-digi.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
10. [ Federal agents attached to the FBI fatally shoot the leader of a Sunni Muslim group wanted on firearm charges in Detroit, USA. ](/news/2009/10/28/federal-agents-attached-to-the-fbi-fatally-shoot-the-leader-of-a-sunni-muslim-group-wanted-on-firearm-charges-in-detroit-usa.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
