### [2008-12-8](/news/2008/12/8/index.md)

#  2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: Stphane Dion announces his plans to resign as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. 




### Source:

1. [The Ottawa Citizen](http://www.ottawacitizen.com/Dion+announces+resignation/1048255/story.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian Member of Parliament Bob Rae announces his withdrawal from the leadership campaign of the Liberal Party, leaving the position (and that of the Leader of the Opposition and the leadership of the proposed opposition coalition) open to fellow MP Michael Ignatieff. ](/news/2008/12/9/canadian-member-of-parliament-bob-rae-announces-his-withdrawal-from-the-leadership-campaign-of-the-liberal-party-leaving-the-position-and.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, proposed opposition coalition_
2. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Stphane Dion_
3. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
4. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
5. [Liberal Party of Canada leader Bob Rae states that recent evidence of voter suppressing "robo-calls" played a factor in his party's defeat in the 2011 Canadian federal election. ](/news/2012/02/25/liberal-party-of-canada-leader-bob-rae-states-that-recent-evidence-of-voter-suppressing-robo-calls-played-a-factor-in-his-party-s-defeat-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
6. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
7. [The Canadian federal by-elections fills two vacant House seats in ridings for Manitoba and one in Ontario, resulting in one Conservative gain, one Conservative hold and one Liberal gain. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-canadian-federal-by-elections-fills-two-vacant-house-seats-in-ridings-for-manitoba-and-one-in-ontario-resulting-in-one-conservative-gai.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
8. [ 2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: At the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor General of Canada Michalle Jean prorogues the parliament until January 26, 2009, to avoid a confidence motion by a newly-formed coalition of opposition parties. ](/news/2008/12/4/2008-canadian-parliamentary-dispute-at-the-request-of-prime-minister-stephen-harper-governor-general-of-canada-michaelle-jean-prorogues-t.md) _Context: proposed opposition coalition_
9. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
10. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
