### [2001-10-2](/news/2001/10/2/index.md)

#  Aftermath of the September 11 attacks: The official count of bodies found at the site of the World Trade Center is 363; 301 have been identified. NATO's secretary general, Lord Robertson announces that the United States provided "clear and compelling proof" in oral briefings to NATO al-Qaeda's responsibility who affirm the invocation of the mutual defense clause of the organization's charter. 8 p.m. EDT: ''Come Together: A Night for John Lennon's Words and Music'', a tribute to John Lennon that became a concert of prayer and healing for New York City to benefit the relief efforts, hosted by Kevin Spacey and featuring Dave Matthews, Moby, Stone Temple Pilots, Nelly Furtado, Shelby Lynne, Alanis Morissette, Cyndi Lauper, The Isley Brothers, Lou Reed, Marc Anthony, Natalie Merchant, Yolanda Adams, Sean Lennon and Yoko Ono, is held at Radio City Music Hall and simultaneously broadcast live on the TNT and WB networks. It had been scheduled before the attack to be taped September 20 and broadcast on October 9 to promote a non-violent world.




### Related:

1. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
2. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
3. [  U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shab.md) _Context: U.S., al-Qaeda_
4. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
5. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
6. [A gunfight erupts between Afghan soldiers and U.S. soldiers working for NATO's Resolute Support Mission leaving 1 Afghan and 1 U.S. soldier dead, and 3 Afghan and 2 U.S. soldiers wounded. ](/news/2015/04/8/a-gunfight-erupts-between-afghan-soldiers-and-u-s-soldiers-working-for-nato-s-resolute-support-mission-leaving-1-afghan-and-1-u-s-soldier.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Afghanistan releases 65 prisoners from the Parwan Detention Facility despite concerns by the United States that the men were responsible for attacks on NATO and Afghan forces. ](/news/2014/02/13/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pafghanistan-releases-65-prisoners-from-the-parwan-detention-facility-despite-concerns-by-the-united-sta.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
8. [Al-Qaeda's leader Ayman al-Zawahiri calls for attacks inside United States to "bleed America economically". ](/news/2013/09/13/al-qaeda-s-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-calls-for-attacks-inside-united-states-to-bleed-america-economically.md) _Context: U.S., al-Qaeda_
9. [Worldwide embassy closingsThe United States closes 22 embassies in the Middle East and North Africa due to intelligence of an Al-Qaeda attack. ](/news/2013/08/4/worldwide-embassy-closingspthe-united-states-closes-22-embassies-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-due-to-intelligence-of-an-al-qaeda-atta.md) _Context: U.S., al-Qaeda_
10. [A helicopter crash kills two American NATO soldiers in eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/04/9/a-helicopter-crash-kills-two-american-nato-soldiers-in-eastern-afghanistan.md) _Context: NATO, U.S._
