### [2016-08-10](/news/2016/08/10/index.md)

# Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-impeachment-vote-idUSKCN10L0HO)

### Related:

1. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff, Senate_
2. [The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff  for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for-allegedly-breaching-budget-rules-the-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff, Senate_
3. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
4. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
5. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
6. [The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Senate_
7. [The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-and-suspend-her-from-offi.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes overwhelmingly (367-137) in favor of impeachment procedures against President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/17/brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-overwhelmingly-367-137-in-favor-of-impeachment-procedures-against-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff_
10. [A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-legal-request-has-been-filed-to-impeach-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-for-obstructing-justice-and-fiscal-accounting-tricks-the-secon.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
