### [2016-08-10](/news/2016/08/10/index.md)

# Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. 

Vladimir Putin accused Ukraine on Wednesday of using terrorist tactics to try to provoke a new conflict and destabilize annexed Crimea after Russia said it had thwarted two armed Ukrainian attempts to get saboteurs into the contested peninsula.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/10/russia-accuses-ukraine-of-armed-crimea-incursion)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-crimea-attack-idUSKCN10L1EE)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian, Ukrainian crisis_
2. [A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-federal-security-service-court-in-russia-sentences-ukrainian-film-director-oleg-sentsov-to-20-years-in-prison-for-plotting-terrorist-acts.md) _Context: Crimea, Federal Security Service, Russia, Ukrainian_
3. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian_
4. [Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in-the-crimean-peninsula-next-month-for-the-firs.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian crisis_
5. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian, Ukrainian crisis_
6. [Crimea is without power after transmission towers in Ukraine's Kherson Oblast were blown up by unknown people. The Crimean Emergencies Ministry declares a state of emergency due to the power outage and puts rescue teams on high alert. ](/news/2015/11/21/crimea-is-without-power-after-transmission-towers-in-ukraine-s-kherson-oblast-were-blown-up-by-unknown-people-the-crimean-emergencies-minis.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukrainian, Ukrainian crisis_
7. [2014 Crimean crisis - Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukrainian_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
9. [The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-from-entering-the-country-t.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia_
10. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
