### [2008-02-10](/news/2008/02/10/index.md)

#  A suicide car bomb at a market in Balad, Iraq kills 25. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates also arrives in Iraq from a Germany security conference to meet with Iraqi leaders, General David Petraeus and U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/02/10/iraq.main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
2. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
3. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
4. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):Eight people are killed and 25 are injured in a suicide bomb attack on a cafe in Balad north of the Iraqi capital Baghdad. ](/news/2013/08/12/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-peight-people-are-killed-and-25-are-injured-in-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-cafe-in-balad-north-of-the.md) _Context: Balad, Iraq_
5. [Three bombs in the Iraqi city of Balad kill at least six people and injure 45. ](/news/2012/06/29/three-bombs-in-the-iraqi-city-of-balad-kill-at-least-six-people-and-injure-45.md) _Context: Balad, Iraq_
6. [David Petraeus, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, is honored with the Grand Cross with swords in the Order of Orange-Nassau in The Hague for his service as a four-star general in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/03/16/david-petraeus-the-director-of-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-honored-with-the-grand-cross-with-swords-in-the-order-of-orange-nassau-i.md) _Context: David Petraeus, Iraq_
7. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
8. [ The USA threatens Iran with "significant new sanctions"  over the country's nuclear programme according to US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. ](/news/2009/12/11/the-usa-threatens-iran-with-significant-new-sanctions-over-the-country-s-nuclear-programme-according-to-us-secretary-of-defense-robert-g.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense_
9. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Robert Gates_
10. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al-Maliki and U.S. military leaders in Iraq to discuss the effectiveness of the current military campaign. ](/news/2007/06/15/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-meets-with-iraqi-prime-minister-nuri-kamal-al-maliki-and-u-s-military-leaders-in-iraq-to-d.md) _Context: Iraq, Robert Gates_
