### [2009-06-8](/news/2009/06/8/index.md)

#  North Korea restricts access to the Sea of Japan, near Wonsan, from June 10-30, possibly indicating future missile testing. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,25604199-1702,00.html?from=public_rss?ref=BPNT)

### Related:

1. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
2. [North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
3. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
4. [South Korea claims that North Korea has launched several short range missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/3/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-launched-several-short-range-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
5. [A South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff official reports North Korea launched five short-range missiles from  the eastern city of Hamhung into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-official-reports-north-korea-launched-five-short-range-missiles-from-the-eastern-city-of-hamhung-into.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
6. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and  a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two  ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-from-the-south-pyo.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
7. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report  that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on  the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
