### [2010-07-7](/news/2010/07/7/index.md)

# Israeli Uri Brodsky, suspected of assisting the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, is permitted to be extradited from Poland to Germany. 

An Israeli allegedly linked to the killing of a Hamas operative in Dubai can be extradited to Germany, a Polish court rules.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/07/20107720713228273.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10541332.stm)

### Related:

1. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Poland, the assassination_
2. [Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/12/poland-extradites-israeli-citizen-and-suspected-spy-uri-brodsky-to-germany-to-face-charges-of-being-involved-in-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mab.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Poland, the assassination_
3. [A Polish appellate court upholds the decision of a lower court to extradite an alleged Mossad agent to Germany to face trial for forging a passport used in the slaying of Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/5/a-polish-appellate-court-upholds-the-decision-of-a-lower-court-to-extradite-an-alleged-mossad-agent-to-germany-to-face-trial-for-forging-a-p.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Poland_
4. [Release of Uri Brodsky:Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with  the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/release-of-uri-brodsky-pofficials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
5. [Poland detains a wanted man it says is the Israeli Mossad spy who used a German passport in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, while Germany seeks his extradition. ](/news/2010/06/12/poland-detains-a-wanted-man-it-says-is-the-israeli-mossad-spy-who-used-a-german-passport-in-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-while-g.md) _Context: German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Poland, the assassination_
6. [Mossad announces an intention to apologize to Britain for using fake British passports during the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January 2010. ](/news/2010/12/25/mossad-announces-an-intention-to-apologize-to-britain-for-using-fake-british-passports-during-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dub.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
7. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
8. [Assassination of Hamas official in Dubai:Two more fake Irish passports are identified by the United Arab Emirates as being involved in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a senior Hamas official in Dubai, bringing the current total to seven. ](/news/2010/02/23/assassination-of-hamas-official-in-dubai-ptwo-more-fake-irish-passports-are-identified-by-the-united-arab-emirates-as-being-involved-in-the.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: German, Poland_
10. [Poland summons the German ambassador in Warsaw over "anti-Polish" remarks made by German politicians. ](/news/2016/01/10/poland-summons-the-german-ambassador-in-warsaw-over-anti-polish-remarks-made-by-german-politicians.md) _Context: German, Poland_
