### [2010-07-7](/news/2010/07/7/index.md)

# Israel rejects as "failed to meet the criteria" the application of Fatima Sharif, the Gaza human rights attorney who hoped to study for a master's degree in human rights and democracy at Birzeit University in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE6664FE20100707)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
5. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
7. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
8. [Israel allegedly confiscates seven oxygen machines en route to hospitals in the West Bank and Gaza as they "came under the category of possible use for non-medical purposes". The Palestinian Ministry of Health asks for the Norwegian Development Agency that donated them to assist in calling for their return. ](/news/2010/06/26/israel-allegedly-confiscates-seven-oxygen-machines-en-route-to-hospitals-in-the-west-bank-and-gaza-as-they-came-under-the-category-of-possi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
10. [ Hamas orders Palestinians in the Gaza Strip not to vote in a January election called by West Bank leader Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/10/28/hamas-orders-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-not-to-vote-in-a-january-election-called-by-west-bank-leader-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, West Bank_
