### [2010-07-7](/news/2010/07/7/index.md)

# The Constitutional Court of Turkey annuls key parts of government-backed constitutional reforms designed for possible European Union membership, rejecting opposition calls for the rest to be rejected as well and permitting the rest to be put to a national referendum in September. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10547710.stm)

### Related:

1. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
2. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
3. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
4. [ The Dutch Cabinet meets to decide whether to hold a referendum on the European Union's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/09/21/the-dutch-cabinet-meets-to-decide-whether-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-european-union-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
5. [ Swiss voters approve a referendum by 56% to 44% to allow citizens from the 10 newest European Union member countries to travel and work in Switzerland. Quotas will be applied until 2011 on the number of people allowed to settle. ](/news/2005/09/25/swiss-voters-approve-a-referendum-by-56-to-44-to-allow-citizens-from-the-10-newest-european-union-member-countries-to-travel-and-work-in.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
6. [ A TNS/MRBI Irish Times opinion poll predicts that Ireland, previously seen as certain to vote ''yes'', is likely to vote ''no'' in its planned referendum on the European Constitution. Only 30% of voters indicated that they would vote for the constitution, the lowest level in any country in the European Union to date. ](/news/2005/06/14/a-tns-mrbi-irish-times-opinion-poll-predicts-that-ireland-previously-seen-as-certain-to-vote-yes-is-likely-to-vote-no-in-its-plan.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
7. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
8. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union_
