### [2006-03-19](/news/2006/03/19/index.md)

#  Former Prime Minister of Iraq Iyad Allawi says that he believes that Iraq is engaged in a civil war, although the country has not passed "the point of no return." British and American officials dispute calling the conflict a civil war. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4821618.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The former Prime Minister of Iraq, Iyad Allawi, has claimed in "The Observer" newspaper, that human rights abuses by members of the Government of Iraq are as bad now as they were in the time of Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2005/11/27/the-former-prime-minister-of-iraq-iyad-allawi-has-claimed-in-the-observer-newspaper-that-human-rights-abuses-by-members-of-the-governm.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi_
2. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi_
3. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
4. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retake-isil-held-mosul.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
5. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake-the-militant-held.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
6. [Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation. Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation. ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack-of-coordination-among-secu.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
7. [The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head reports the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured-iraqi-prime-minister-haide.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
8. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
9. [Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre.md) _Context: civil war_
10. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister_
