### [2017-06-24](/news/2017/06/24/index.md)

# Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via news.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/national/breaking-news/papua-new-guineans-head-to-the-polls/news-story/96ffc5ea6c2820dbc7f2a5b2ea21e004)

### Related:

1. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Papua New Guinean general election, 2017, Peter O'Neill_
2. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
3. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
4. [Papua New Guinea student protests. Papua New Guinea student protest leader Noel Anjo says demonstrations will continue despite the court order barring protests. "The students are not going to give up until and unless the prime minister resigns or surrenders himself to police and is arrested and charged," Anjo said. ](/news/2016/06/9/papua-new-guinea-student-protests-papua-new-guinea-student-protest-leader-noel-anjo-says-demonstrations-will-continue-despite-the-court-ord.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill_
5. [Papua New Guinea student protests. Police open fire on University of Papua New Guinea students in Port Moresby protesting against the government of Prime Minister Peter O'Neill. Four people have been killed and seven injured. However, according to the police, nobody was killed while a university spokesperson claims police only fired tear gas. ](/news/2016/06/8/papua-new-guinea-student-protests-police-open-fire-on-university-of-papua-new-guinea-students-in-port-moresby-protesting-against-the-govern.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
6. [The Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill states that the Manus Island Regional Processing Centre will be closed following the ruling of the Supreme Court and that he will ask the Australian Government to make alternative arrangements for the asylum seekers detained there. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-peter-o-neill-states-that-the-manus-island-regional-processing-centre-will-be-closed-following-the-ru.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
7. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
8. [The Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill sacks the Treasurer Don Polye and the Minister for Industrial Relations Mark Maipakai. ](/news/2014/03/10/the-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-peter-o-neill-sacks-the-treasurer-don-polye-and-the-minister-for-industrial-relations-mark-maipakai.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
9. [The Parliament of Papua New Guinea meets to choose a new Prime Minister after a ruling by the Supreme Court last week, with "de facto" Prime Minister Peter O'Neill again chosen. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-meets-to-choose-a-new-prime-minister-after-a-ruling-by-the-supreme-court-last-week-with-de-facto-prime.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
10. [Police blockade the Parliament of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby the day after the government led by Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill lays sedition charges against the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea, Sir Salamo Injia. ](/news/2012/05/25/police-blockade-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-in-port-moresby-the-day-after-the-government-led-by-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-pe.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
