### [2014-12-2](/news/2014/12/2/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. 

At least six soldiers killed and one wounded as fighters ambush an army patrol, security official says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/12/lebanese-troops-killed-near-syrian-border-2014122193646646562.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Ras Baalbek, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
2. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
3. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
5. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Army and the al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant:: The Islamic State kills eight Lebanese soldiers in the northeastern Lebanese village of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2015/01/24/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-the-islamic-state-kills-eight-lebanese-soldiers-in-the-northeastern-lebanese-village-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Ras Baalbek_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.](/news/2015/01/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-attack-by-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-official-affiliate-in-syria-at-a-cafa-c-in-tripoli-le.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:: A suicide bomber kills three soldiers at a Lebanese army checkpoint in the border town of Arsal close to the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/03/29/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-soldiers-at-a-lebanese-army-checkpoint-in-the-border-town-of-arsal-clos.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Two people are killed and 38 injured in a bombing of a Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut. ](/news/2014/02/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-two-people-are-killed-and-38-injured-in-a-bombing-of-a-hezbollah-stronghold-in-beirut.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:: A sniper kills a man and six people are wounded in clashes between districts in Tripoli, Lebanon, that support rival sides in neighboring Syria's civil war. ](/news/2014/01/5/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-sniper-kills-a-man-and-six-people-are-wounded-in-clashes-between-districts-in-tripoli-lebanon-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
