### [2008-11-24](/news/2008/11/24/index.md)

#  United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his Treasury team, which includes Timothy F. Geithner as Secretary, Lawrence Summers as president of the National Economic Council, and Christina Romer as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/7746501.stm)
2. [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2008/11/24/richardson-orszag-expected-to-join-obama-team-tuesday/)

### Related:

1. [The President of the United States Barack Obama selects Austan Goolsbee to replace Christina Romer as the Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. ](/news/2010/09/9/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-selects-austan-goolsbee-to-replace-christina-romer-as-the-chair-of-the-council-of-economic-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Christina Romer, Council of Economic Advisers, U.S. President_
2. [Lawrence Summers announces that he will leave as head of the United States National Economic Council, responsible for advising President Barack Obama on economic policy. ](/news/2010/09/21/lawrence-summers-announces-that-he-will-leave-as-head-of-the-united-states-national-economic-council-responsible-for-advising-president-bar.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Lawrence Summers, U.S. President, United States National Economic Council_
3. [ United States Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner delays announcing a bailout of the banking industry until Tuesday. ](/news/2009/02/8/united-states-treasury-secretary-timothy-f-geithner-delays-announcing-a-bailout-of-the-banking-industry-until-tuesday.md) _Context: Timothy F. Geithner, Treasury Secretary, U.S., United States Department of the Treasury_
4. [ According to unofficial sources, Hillary Clinton has agreed to serve as the next U.S. Secretary of State and Timothy F. Geithner as the next Secretary of the Treasury under the presidency of Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/11/21/according-to-unofficial-sources-hillary-clinton-has-agreed-to-serve-as-the-next-u-s-secretary-of-state-and-timothy-f-geithner-as-the-nex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Timothy F. Geithner, Treasury Secretary, U.S. President_
5. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama resigns his Senate seat. ](/news/2008/11/16/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-resigns-his-senate-seat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, U.S., U.S. President_
6. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi repeats a comment that United States President-elect Barack Obama is "young, handsome and also tanned," refusing to apologize for remarks he insisted are "flattering". ](/news/2008/11/10/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-repeats-a-comment-that-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-is-young-handsome-and-also-tan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, U.S., U.S. President_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President_
8. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President_
9. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. President_
