### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# Indonesia and the Philippines discuss their borders after the Indonesian Navy sinks four Filipino fishing vessels off the coast of the Philippines triggering a diplomatic dispute. 

DAVAO CITY -- The Philippines&#8217; Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources (BFAR) met with the Indonesian delegation at the 34th Philippines-Indonesia Border Committee Chairmen&#8217;s Conference (BCCC) to discuss border issues, following last month&#8217;s arrest and sinking of four Philippine fishing vessels by the Indonesian Navy.


### Source:

1. [Business World](http://bworldonline.com/content.php?section=Nation&title=border-talks-with-indonesia-after-sinking-of-4-phl-vessels&id=118199)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia restricts the exports of coal to the Philippines after the abduction of Indonesian sailors by the Abu Sayyaf. ](/news/2016/06/24/indonesia-restricts-the-exports-of-coal-to-the-philippines-after-the-abduction-of-indonesian-sailors-by-the-abu-sayyaf.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesia-Philippines relations, Philippine_
2. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
3. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
4. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
5. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a ''Manila Bulletin'' article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesia-Philippines relations_
6. [Seven Indonesian sailors are kidnapped off the coast of Sulu near Mindanao in the southern Philippines raising terrorism fears. ](/news/2016/06/24/seven-indonesian-sailors-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sulu-near-mindanao-in-the-southern-philippines-raising-terrorism-fears.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
7. [Filipina convict Mary Jane Veloso gets a reprieve from Indonesian executions. ](/news/2016/05/7/filipina-convict-mary-jane-veloso-gets-a-reprieve-from-indonesian-executions.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesia-Philippines relations_
8. [Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-militants.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
9. [The Indonesian foreign ministry says 10 Indonesian nationals are being held hostage after their tug boat and coal barge was hijacked in Philippine waters. Islamist militant group, Abu Sayyaf is demanding a ransom. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-indonesian-foreign-ministry-says-10-indonesian-nationals-are-being-held-hostage-after-their-tug-boat-and-coal-barge-was-hijacked-in-phil.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
10. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine_
