### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# Minas Gerais dam disaster. Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep. Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. 

Brazilian authorities stepped up efforts to locate and care for victims of a massive mudslide triggered by ruptured dams at an iron ore mine owned by BHP Billiton Ltd. and Vale SA, in what is being described as the worst environmental disaster ever in the state of Minas Gerais.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-05/samarco-says-dam-in-brazil-burst-teams-are-working-on-site)
2. [CCTV](http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/06/search-for-victims-continues-after-dams-burst-in-brazil)
3. [Mashable](http://mashable.com/2015/11/06/brazil-mining-dams-collapse/#_rymXWsoIaqm)

### Related:

1. [Minas Gerais dam disaster. An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco MineracGBPo, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/minas-gerais-dam-disaster-an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-th.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Minas Gerais dam disaster, Vale_
2. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Vale_
3. [Bento Rodrigues dam disaster. The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. ](/news/2016/05/3/bento-rodrigues-dam-disaster-the-government-of-brazil-sues-iron-miner-samarco-and-parent-companies-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-155-billion-br.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Vale_
4. [At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. ](/news/2013/07/13/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-in-brazil-s-minas-gerais-state-after-a-bus-accident.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
5. [95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. ](/news/2010/09/12/95-farm-workers-are-rescued-from-difficult-living-conditions-in-two-south-eastern-states-minas-gerais-and-rio-de-janeiro-state-of-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
7. [Minas Gerais, one of Brazil's biggest states, bans the sale of the Toyota Corolla over safety fears. ](/news/2010/04/22/minas-gerais-one-of-brazil-s-biggest-states-bans-the-sale-of-the-toyota-corolla-over-safety-fears.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
8. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: earthquake_
9. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: earthquake_
10. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
