### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons inspectors conclusively identify mustard gas as the toxic agent used in the battle between Islamic State (IS) insurgents and an anti-Assad rebel group in the Syrian town of Mare' in the northern Alleppo province on August 21, 2015. This is the first confirmation of its use by non-state actors in Syria's four-year-old conflict. 

This is the first official confirmation of mustard gas use in Syria since the country agreed to destroy its stockpile of chemical weapons in 2013. 


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Global-News/2015/1106/Mustard-gas-was-used-in-August-attack-on-Syrian-town-says-weapons-group)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/11/06/syrian-activists-rebels-recapture-village-in-country-west-as-major-fighting/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/06/us-mideast-crisis-syria-village-idUSKCN0SV0VH20151106)
4. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/weapons-inspectors-determine-syrian-insurgents-used-mustard-gas/2015/11/06/7865d4e0-84b0-11e5-8bd2-680fff868306_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [At least 20 Syrian rebels and 27 ISIS fighters are killed in a battle in Mare', Syria, in northern Aleppo Governorate near the Turkish border. ](/news/2015/09/5/at-least-20-syrian-rebels-and-27-isis-fighters-are-killed-in-a-battle-in-mare-syria-in-northern-aleppo-governorate-near-the-turkish-borde.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Mare', Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
