### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. 

The FDA announced its approval of Genvoya , a new pill to treat HIV that researchers said will help reduce side effects from other drug regimens used for HIV.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2015/11/06/FDA-approves-single-pill-HIV-treatment/7411446837667/?spt=mps&or=4)

### Related:

1. [A study finds that taking the AIDS drug tenofovir greatly reduces the risk of HIV infection among intravenous drug users. ](/news/2013/06/12/a-study-finds-that-taking-the-aids-drug-tenofovir-greatly-reduces-the-risk-of-hiv-infection-among-intravenous-drug-users.md) _Context: HIV, tenofovir_
2. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: FDA_
3. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486).  The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence.  Changes include  reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: FDA_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: FDA_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: FDA_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: FDA_
8. [The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-american-medical-association-urges-congress-and-or-the-fda-to-ban-direct-to-consumer-advertising-of-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devic.md) _Context: FDA_
9. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
10. [The World Health Organization  reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death.md) _Context: HIV_
