### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. 

The FDA announced its approval of Genvoya , a new pill to treat HIV that researchers said will help reduce side effects from other drug regimens used for HIV.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2015/11/06/FDA-approves-single-pill-HIV-treatment/7411446837667/?spt=mps&or=4)

### Related:

1. [A study finds that taking the AIDS drug tenofovir greatly reduces the risk of HIV infection among intravenous drug users. ](/news/2013/06/12/a-study-finds-that-taking-the-aids-drug-tenofovir-greatly-reduces-the-risk-of-hiv-infection-among-intravenous-drug-users.md) _Context: HIV, tenofovir_
2. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy childhood leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-childhood.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
3. [A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtually-free-of-the-virus-even.md) _Context: HIV_
4. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
5. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
6. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: HIV_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486). The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence. Changes include reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
10. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
