### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58. In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama. Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. 

The US House voted overwhelmingly Thursday to approve the 2016 defense policy bill that complies with the terms of the overarching budget deal between the president and congressional leadership.


### Source:

1. [Defense News](http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense-news/2015/11/05/house-votes-approve-2016-defense-policy-bill/75211122/)
2. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/defense/259250-dems-block-defense-spending-bill-for-third-time)
2. [Cover Image](http://snagfilms-a.akamaihd.net/96/99/f25b81094f788d229dcbb1ab3950/635823180065773426-thornberryjpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
2. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama's death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitionas-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
4. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
5. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-united-states-senate-approves-a-motion-giving-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-to-complete-trade-negotiations-with-11-countri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate passes legislation to allow President Barack Obama to fast track trade negotiations with other countries. ](/news/2015/05/22/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-allow-president-barack-obama-to-fast-track-trade-negotiations-with-other-countries.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
8. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
9. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States Senate_
