### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The U.S Air Force deploys six F-15C fighter jets to Turkey's  Incirlik Air Base to help defend Turkish airspace against potential intruders. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e6b19611dfcc415b8ab5f8108b41a990/us-deploys-6-f-15-jets-turkish-air-base)

### Related:

1. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
2. [The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-formally-requested-the-extradition-of-pennsylvania-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len-and-i.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
3. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
4. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
5. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification.  The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135  was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: United States Air Force, international airspace_
6. [The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personnel-to-leave-posts-in-southern-turke.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
7. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
8. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
9. [Turkey closes its airspace to some Israeli military flights in apparent retaliation for Israeli raid on the Gaza-flotilla; civilian commercial flights are not affected. ](/news/2010/06/28/turkey-closes-its-airspace-to-some-israeli-military-flights-in-apparent-retaliation-for-israeli-raid-on-the-gaza-flotilla-civilian-commerci.md) _Context: Turkey, international airspace_
10. [The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the United States House of Representatives accepts a resolution describing the Armenian Genocide as "genocide", prompting Turkey to recall its ambassador and threatening Turkey-United States relations. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-committee-on-foreign-affairs-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-accepts-a-resolution-describing-the-armenian-genocide-as-gen.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
