### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. 

The FCC decided Friday that it can&#x27;t force Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers from tracking users online.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/internet/fcc-we-cant-force-google-facebook-stop-tracking-you-online-n458856?cid=par-time_20151106)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement,  generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, United States_
2. [ Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission Kevin Martin says he is "ready, willing and able," to prevent broadband Internet service providers from interfering with the speed of their subscribers' Internet access. ](/news/2008/02/25/chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-kevin-martin-says-he-is-ready-willing-and-able-to-prevent-broadband-int.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, Internet, United States_
3. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Google, Internet_
4. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
5. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called ''human flypaper'', designed to  minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injur.md) _Context: Google, United States_
6. [The French data protection authority  and the independent watchdog CNIL cite Facebook for breaching privacy laws by the collection and transfer of 30 million users' Internet data, and by tracking non-users. Companies are no longer protected by the International Safe Harbor pact that was ruled illegal last October. ](/news/2016/02/8/the-french-data-protection-authority-and-the-independent-watchdog-cnil-cite-facebook-for-breaching-privacy-laws-by-the-collection-and-trans.md) _Context: Facebook, Internet_
7. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Google, United States_
8. [The Solicitor General of the United States sides with Oracle in a much-watched copyright dispute with Google over Java APIs. ](/news/2015/05/28/the-solicitor-general-of-the-united-states-sides-with-oracle-in-a-much-watched-copyright-dispute-with-google-over-java-apis.md) _Context: Google, United States_
9. [In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. ](/news/2015/04/24/in-the-united-states-the-nasdaq-and-s-p-500-end-at-record-highs-spurred-by-strong-results-by-tech-giants-google-amazon-and-microsoft.md) _Context: Google, United States_
10. [Google announces a new wireless network in the United States called Project Fi with a pay as you go data rate. ](/news/2015/04/22/google-announces-a-new-wireless-network-in-the-united-states-called-project-fi-with-a-pay-as-you-go-data-rate.md) _Context: Google, United States_
