### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. 

The FCC decided Friday that it can&#x27;t force Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers from tracking users online.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/internet/fcc-we-cant-force-google-facebook-stop-tracking-you-online-n458856?cid=par-time_20151106)
1. [Cover Image](https://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2014_37/634396/140825-passwords-computer-mn-955_1ff04ba261a9791a9733166d0915fd6d.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Facebook, Google, U.S._
2. [ Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission Kevin Martin says he is "ready, willing and able," to prevent broadband Internet service providers from interfering with the speed of their subscribers' Internet access. ](/news/2008/02/25/chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-kevin-martin-says-he-is-ready-willing-and-able-to-prevent-broadband-int.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, Internet, U.S._
3. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook, U.S._
4. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
5. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Facebook, U.S._
6. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Google, Internet_
7. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
8. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: Google, U.S._
9. [The French data protection authority and the independent watchdog CNIL cite Facebook for breaching privacy laws by the collection and transfer of 30 million users' Internet data, and by tracking non-users. Companies are no longer protected by the International Safe Harbor pact that was ruled illegal last October. ](/news/2016/02/8/the-french-data-protection-authority-and-the-independent-watchdog-cnil-cite-facebook-for-breaching-privacy-laws-by-the-collection-and-transf.md) _Context: Facebook, Internet_
10. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Google, U.S._
