### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# Turkey-United States relations. The U.S Air Force deploys six F-15C fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base to help defend Turkish airspace against potential intruders. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e6b19611dfcc415b8ab5f8108b41a990/us-deploys-6-f-15-jets-turkish-air-base)

### Related:

1. [Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
2. [Turkey-United States relations. The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
3. [Turkey-United States relations. Turkish government - Gulen Movement conflict. The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/turkey-united-states-relations-turkish-government-ga1-4len-movement-conflict-the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-for.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
4. [Russia-Turkey relations. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
5. [Turkey-United States relations. The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
6. [Russia-United States relations. Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-united-states-relations-russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-bec.md) _Context: Air Force, international airspace_
7. [Turkey-United States relations. The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to -increased threats from terrorist groups- in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personne.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
9. [Military intervention against ISIL. The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/military-intervention-against-isil-the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s.md) _Context: Incirlik Air Base, Turkey_
10. [Turkey closes its airspace to some Israeli military flights in apparent retaliation for Israeli raid on the Gaza-flotilla; civilian commercial flights are not affected. ](/news/2010/06/28/turkey-closes-its-airspace-to-some-israeli-military-flights-in-apparent-retaliation-for-israeli-raid-on-the-gaza-flotilla-civilian-commerci.md) _Context: Turkey, international airspace_
