### [2015-11-6](/news/2015/11/6/index.md)

# U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. 

As soon as the guided-missile destroyer USS Lassen breached 12-nautical-mile territorial limits around one of China&#8217;s man-made islands in the disputed South China Sea last week, a Chinese war…


### Source:

1. [New York Post](http://nypost.com/2015/11/06/chinese-warship-to-us-destroyer-hope-to-see-you-again/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/06/us-southchinasea-usa-passage-idUSKCN0SV2QK20151106#2bhxDuJSu1BpgQBT.97)

### Related:

1. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Government of China, People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, U.S. Navy, USS Lassen's, war_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China's dismay over a U.S. Navy ship's sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-and-his-counterpart-from-malaysia-hishammuddin-hussein.md) _Context: China-United States relations, People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
3. [The U.S. Navy plans to send guided missile destroyer USS Lassen within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands built by China in the South China Sea. This first freedom of navigation challenge to China's territorial claims in one of the world's busiest sea lanes may occur as soon as tomorrow, according to a U.S. defense official. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-u-s-navy-plans-to-send-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-lassen-within-12-nautical-miles-of-artificial-islands-built-by-china-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South China Sea, U.S. Navy, USS Lassen's, war_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
5. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
6. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
7. [Chinese military aircraft conduct training in the South China Sea following the cruise of a U.S. Navy ship in the vicinity of the disputed Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/2/chinese-military-aircraft-conduct-training-in-the-south-china-sea-following-the-cruise-of-a-u-s-navy-ship-in-the-vicinity-of-the-disputed-s.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
8. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China-United States relations, People's Republic of China, South China Sea, war_
9. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands, war_
10. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS ''Bowditch'' in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-fil.md) _Context: China-United States relations, People's Republic of China, South China Sea_
