### [2003-02-3](/news/2003/02/3/index.md)

#  Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri claims Space Shuttle Columbia disaster is a sign from God. He says "It is a punishment from God. Muslims see it that way. It is a trinity of evil because it carried Americans, an Israeli and a Hindu, a trinity of evil against Islam." al-Masri's remarks are widely denounced by many other Muslim clerics. "Reported in a [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/2720775.stm BBC News Article: Muslim cleric's shuttle outburst attacked]."




### Related:

1. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
2. [Radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been found guilty of supporting terrorism. ](/news/2014/05/19/radical-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-has-been-found-guilty-of-supporting-terrorism.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
3. [Radical British Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri goes on trial in the American state of New York for 11 alleged terrorism offenses. ](/news/2014/04/14/radical-british-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-goes-on-trial-in-the-american-state-of-new-york-for-11-alleged-terrorism-offenses.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
4. [The British High Court rules that Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other suspected terrorists can be immediately extradited to the United States to face trial on charges of terrorism. ](/news/2012/10/5/the-british-high-court-rules-that-islamist-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-and-four-other-suspected-terrorists-can-be-immediately-extradited-to-th.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
5. [ British Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri will be extradited to the United States to face terror charges. ](/news/2008/02/7/british-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-will-be-extradited-to-the-united-states-to-face-terror-charges.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
6. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
7. [ Documents revealed under Freedom of Information legislation reveals that NASA paid $26.6 million to families of the astronauts aboard the Space Shuttle "Columbia" when it disintegrated during re-entry in 2003. ](/news/2007/04/15/documents-revealed-under-freedom-of-information-legislation-reveals-that-nasa-paid-26-6-million-to-families-of-the-astronauts-aboard-the-s.md) _Context: disintegrated during re-entry_
8. [ Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri is convicted on 11 of 15 charges of solicitation and incitement to murder, and incitement to racial hatred after a lengthy trial at London's Central Criminal Court and is sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. ](/news/2006/02/7/muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-is-convicted-on-11-of-15-charges-of-solicitation-and-incitement-to-murder-and-incitement-to-racial-hatred.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
9. [ NASA's planned launch of STS-114, Space Shuttle "Discovery" from pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center at 3:51pm EDT (1951 UTC) is delayed due to a problem with the fuel level sensors. This would have been the first manned space launch by NASA since the loss of "Columbia" over 2 years ago. ](/news/2005/07/13/nasa-s-planned-launch-of-sts-114-space-shuttle-discovery-from-pad-39b-at-the-kennedy-space-center-at-3-51pm-edt-1951-utc-is-delayed-du.md) _Context: disintegrated during re-entry_
10. [ Sheikh Abu Hamza al-Masri was removed from his position as an agent of Finsbury Park mosque. ](/news/2003/02/4/sheikh-abu-hamza-al-masri-was-removed-from-his-position-as-an-agent-of-finsbury-park-mosque.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri_
