### [2015-08-7](/news/2015/08/7/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: Tadmur offensive (July-August 2015): Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. 

Group tells the girls&#039; families not to expect their bodies for burial


### Source:

1. [RFERL](http://www.rferl.org/content/islamic-state-abducts-dozens-syrian-christians/27175649.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/07/us-mideast-crisis-christians-idUSKCN0QC0ST20150807)
3. [The Clarion Project'' via ''The Express Tribune](http://tribune.com.pk/story/933973/islamic-state-executes-19-girls-in-mosul-for-refusing-to-have-sex-with-fighters/)
4. [The Daily Caller](http://dailycaller.com/2015/08/07/notallmuslims-execute-19-women-for-refusing-sex-slavery/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Qaryatayn (March-April 2016): The Syrian Army retakes control of al-Qaryatayn, Homs Governorate, after driving out ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/3/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-qaryatayn-march-april-2016-the-syrian-army-retakes-control-of-al-qaryatayn-homs-governorate-after-driv.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaryatayn_
3. [Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant destroys the historic Mar Elian monastery near the town of Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/21/destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-destroys-the-historic-mar-elian-monastery-near-the-town-o.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL, al-Qaryatayn_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that Syrian government air strikes on areas controlled by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant kills 32 people. The air strikes hit a hospital in Dayr Hafir killing at least 21 people. ](/news/2015/04/22/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-syrian-government-air-strikes-on-areas-controlled-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Shayrat missile strike: The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/syrian-civil-war-2017-shayrat-missile-strike-the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
