### [2015-08-7](/news/2015/08/7/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. 

The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Friday aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks...


### Source:

1. [The Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/un-unanimously-adopts-resolution-on-syria-chemical-weapons/article1-1377689.aspx)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/content/un-unanimously-approves-syria-chemical-weapons-resolution-/2905442.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.hindustantimes.com/rf/image_size_640x362/HT/p1/2013/08/23/Incoming/Pictures/1111730_Wallpaper2.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations estimates that the death toll in Syria has doubled to at least 191,000 in the past year. ](/news/2014/08/22/the-united-nations-estimates-that-the-death-toll-in-syria-has-doubled-to-at-least-191-000-in-the-past-year.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemica.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations, chemical weapons_
8. [United Nations inspectors are investigating three alleged instances of use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war since the Ghouta chemical attack on 21 August. ](/news/2013/09/27/united-nations-inspectors-are-investigating-three-alleged-instances-of-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-syrian-civil-war-since-the-ghouta-chem.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, chemical weapons_
9. [The United Nations suspends operations in Syria and withdraws non-essential staff as the Syrian civil war worsens. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-united-nations-suspends-operations-in-syria-and-withdraws-non-essential-staff-as-the-syrian-civil-war-worsens.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
