### [2003-01-7](/news/2003/01/7/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: British police announced details of the discovery of traces of the toxin ricin in a flat in Wood Green in North London in the wake of the arrest of six terrorist suspects. The timing of this news coincided with a major speech by Prime Minister Tony Blair dealing with the threat of terrorism and Britain's relationship with the U.S.A.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
2. [ The British government loses a key House of Commons vote on detaining terrorism suspects for 90-days without charge, in the report stage of the Terrorism Act 2006. This is Tony Blair's first ever commons defeat and has been described a serious blow to his authority. Opposition Leader Michael Howard calls on Blair to resign. ](/news/2005/11/9/the-british-government-loses-a-key-house-of-commons-vote-on-detaining-terrorism-suspects-for-90-days-without-charge-in-the-report-stage-of.md) _Context: Tony Blair, terrorism_
3. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
6. [ War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.](/news/2003/08/10/war-on-terrorism-the-sunday-times-reports-that-al-qaeda-terrorists-have-infiltrated-iraq-from-surrounding-arab-countries-and-have-aligne.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
7. [ War on Terrorism: Suspected al-Qaida terrorist Yassir al-Jaziri, is arrested in eastern Pakistan. He is believed to be among the leading al-Qaida members wanted by the United States.](/news/2003/03/15/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaida-terrorist-yassir-al-jaziri-is-arrested-in-eastern-pakistan-he-is-believed-to-be-among-the-leading-al.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
8. [ War on Terrorism: Three more suspects have been arrested in Manchester in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London, although it now appears as though the raid was initially carried out as the pursuance of an investigation into immigration issues. A Special Branch police officer, Stephen Oake, was fatally stabbed during the arrests, and three other officers were also injured, one seriously. This brings the total of those arrested to fourteen.](/news/2003/01/14/war-on-terrorism-three-more-suspects-have-been-arrested-in-manchester-in-england-in-connection-with-the-investigation-into-ricin-found-in.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, ricin_
9. [ War on Terrorism: Six more suspects were arrested in Bournemouth in England in connection with the investigation into ricin found in London. This brings the total of those arrested to eleven.](/news/2003/01/13/war-on-terrorism-six-more-suspects-were-arrested-in-bournemouth-in-england-in-connection-with-the-investigation-into-ricin-found-in-london.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, ricin_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
