### [2012-08-25](/news/2012/08/25/index.md)

# Libya: Unnamed organized assailants bulldoze a Sufi mosque with graves, in broad daylight in the centre of the Libyan capital Tripoli. It is the second such razing of a Sufi site in two days. De facto head of state Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf tells reporters: "What is truly regrettable and suspicious is that some of those who took part in these destruction activities are supposed to be of the security forces and from the revolutionaries." 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/fighters-bulldoze-sufi-mosque-central-tripoli-172020410.html?_esi=1)

### Related:

1. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: 2011–present Libyan factional fighting, Tripoli_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. ](/news/2012/10/1/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-chairman-of-the-general-national-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-says-that-al-qaeda-elements.md) _Context: 2011–present Libyan factional fighting, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf_
3. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-pthe-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-call.md) _Context: Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, Tripoli_
4. [Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.](/news/2012/08/19/two-explosions-strike-near-government-buildings-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli-killing-at-least-two-people-these-are-the-first-bomb-atta.md) _Context: 2011–present Libyan factional fighting, Tripoli_
5. [A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-is-attacked-by-unidenti.md) _Context: Tripoli_
6. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Tripoli_
7. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Tripoli_
8. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Tripoli_
9. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Tripoli_
10. [The United Nations-backed Libyan Presidential Council arrives in Tripoli despite warnings by hardliners opposed to any unity government that they will attempt to keep them out of the city. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-nations-backed-libyan-presidential-council-arrives-in-tripoli-despite-warnings-by-hardliners-opposed-to-any-unity-government-that.md) _Context: Tripoli_
