### [2016-02-25](/news/2016/02/25/index.md)

# At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi  expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." 

Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Thursday underscored his concerns about the long range of a powerful U.S. radar that could be deployed in South Korea along with an advanced missile defense system and said Washington should explain its plans.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-25/china-questions-reach-of-potential-u-s-radar-system-in-s-korea)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-north-korea-idUSKCN0VY2C9)

### Related:

1. [In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Chinese, Harry Harris, United States_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree, on principle, that a strong United Nations Security Council resolution is needed regarding North Korea's nuclear test earlier this month. ](/news/2016/01/27/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-principle-that-a-strong-united-nations-security-council-r.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Foreign Minister, Wang Yi _
3. [The United States and China hold joint naval exercises in the Atlantic Ocean near Naval Station Mayport, Jacksonville, Florida. The United States missile destroyer USS Mason and guided missile cruiser USS Monterey along with other ships in the Atlantic, conduct drills with China's  guided-missile frigate Yiyang, guided-missile destroyer Jinan, and oil tanker Qiandao Hu.  ](/news/2015/11/7/the-united-states-and-china-hold-joint-naval-exercises-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-naval-station-mayport-jacksonville-florida-the-united-s.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Chinese, United States_
4. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Chinese, United States_
5. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: China-United States relations, Chinese, United States_
6. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has repeatedly called on the DPRK to re-engage in the Six-Party Talks that also involve the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, Russia and the United States. ](/news/2010/02/12/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-has-repeatedly-called-on-the-dprk-to-re-engage-in-the-six-party-talks-that-also-involve-the-republic-of-korea.md) _Context: Chinese, South Korea, United States_
7. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Chinese, United States_
9. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
10. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, United States_
