### [2016-02-25](/news/2016/02/25/index.md)

# Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator  Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. 

Thirty years ago today, Filipinos achieved the impossible and brought down a dictatorship. 


### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/02/25/1556601/1986-people-power-philippiness-gift-world)

### Related:

1. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says  he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdi.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
2. [An unknown gunman shoots dead Nerlita Ledesma, a journalist from the Philippine tabloid ''Abante'' in the province of Bataan; her death is the 172nd murder of a journalist since the return of democracy in 1986 and the 31st during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/8/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-dead-nerlita-ledesma-a-journalist-from-the-philippine-tabloid-abante-in-the-province-of-bataan-her-death-is-t.md) _Context: 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
3. [ The son of former Filipino President Corazon Aquino, Benigno Aquino III, announces his intention to run for the presidency. ](/news/2009/09/9/the-son-of-former-filipino-president-corazon-aquino-benigno-aquino-iii-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-the-presidency.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
4. [ The funeral of Corazon Aquino, the first female President of an Asian country and the Philippines, takes place in the Philippines. ](/news/2009/08/5/the-funeral-of-corazon-aquino-the-first-female-president-of-an-asian-country-and-the-philippines-takes-place-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
5. [ Former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino, the leader of the 1986 People Power Revolution, is diagnosed with colon cancer. ](/news/2008/03/24/former-president-of-the-philippines-corazon-aquino-the-leader-of-the-1986-people-power-revolution-is-diagnosed-with-colon-cancer.md) _Context: Corazon Aquino, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution, President of the Philippines_
8. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, President of the Philippines_
9. [The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least-october-18.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippine_
10. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, President of the Philippines_
