### [2016-02-25](/news/2016/02/25/index.md)

# Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal: A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". 

The BBC missed opportunities to stop &quot;monstrous&quot; abuse by DJ Jimmy Savile and broadcaster Stuart Hall because of a &quot;culture of fear&quot;, an inquiry says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-35658398)

### Related:

1. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a "Newsnight" investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: BBC, Janet Smith, Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
2. [The Metropolitan Police and NSPCC have confirmed 214 separate sexual offences committed by Jimmy Savile over a period of fifty years. ](/news/2013/01/11/the-metropolitan-police-and-nspcc-have-confirmed-214-separate-sexual-offences-committed-by-jimmy-savile-over-a-period-of-fifty-years.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
3. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal:: The Pollard report into practices at the BBC is published, and finds there was a -complete inability- to deal with the Jimmy Savile crisis. ](/news/2012/12/19/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-the-pollard-report-into-practices-at-the-bbc-is-published-and-finds-there-was-a-complete-inability.md) _Context: BBC, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
4. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal:: The family of disgraced disc jockey and television presenter Jimmy Savile makes its first public statement since his reputation was destroyed by a sexual abuse scandal. ](/news/2012/10/27/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-the-family-of-disgraced-disc-jockey-and-television-presenter-jimmy-savile-makes-its-first-public-stateme.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
5. [The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is to review a 2009 decision by the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute Jimmy Savile over allegations of sexual abuse. ](/news/2012/10/24/the-uk-s-director-of-public-prosecutions-is-to-review-a-2009-decision-by-the-crown-prosecution-service-not-to-prosecute-jimmy-savile-over-al.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
6. [BBC Director-General George Entwistle appears before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions about the Corporation's handling of allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile. ](/news/2012/10/23/bbc-director-general-george-entwistle-appears-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-to-answer-questions-about-the-c.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
7. [Peter Rippon, the BBC "Newsnight" editor responsible for dropping an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile, steps aside from his role with immediate effect. ](/news/2012/10/22/peter-rippon-the-bbc-newsnight-editor-responsible-for-dropping-an-investigation-into-allegations-of-sexual-abuse-against-jimmy-savile-st.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
8. [The UK's Department of Health appoints former barrister Kate Lampard to head an NHS inquiry into alleged activities by the broadcaster Jimmy Savile at various hospitals at which he was involved. ](/news/2012/10/17/the-uk-s-department-of-health-appoints-former-barrister-kate-lampard-to-head-an-nhs-inquiry-into-alleged-activities-by-the-broadcaster-jimmy.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
9. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
