### [2002-07-25](/news/2002/07/25/index.md)

#  Open source: Streaming media company RealNetworks has announced that it will support the free software Ogg Vorbis audio compression technology as part of its new open-source initiative. This will provide a mass market for the Vorbis technology, allowing it access to network effects which may make it a serious competitor to Microsoft's closed technologies.




### Related:

1. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
2. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
3. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
4. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. ](/news/2016/07/7/minnesota-governor-mark-dayton-requests-a-justice-department-investigation-of-last-night-s-fatal-police-shooting-of-philando-castile-an-afr.md) _Context: streamed_
6. [Microsoft agrees to buy professional networking site LinkedIn for $26.2 billion (GBP18 billion). ](/news/2016/06/13/microsoft-agrees-to-buy-professional-networking-site-linkedin-for-26-2-billion-agbp18-billion.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: streamed_
9. [The U.S. company Microsoft has sued the United States, alleging that it has been prevented from disclosing warrants to the company's customers in violation of the company's constitutional rights. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-u-s-company-microsoft-has-sued-the-united-states-alleging-that-it-has-been-prevented-from-disclosing-warrants-to-the-companyas-custo.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [Reuters reports, based on an unnamed "person familiar with the situation," that Microsoft executives are lining up financing for a possible acquisition of troubled dotcom pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/26/reuters-reports-based-on-an-unnamed-person-familiar-with-the-situation-that-microsoft-executives-are-lining-up-financing-for-a-possible.md) _Context: Microsoft_
