### [2010-10-10](/news/2010/10/10/index.md)

# Dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles:Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius become special municipalities of the Netherlands. 




### Source:

1. [Caribbean 360](http://www.caribbean360.com/index.php/news/41210.html)
2. [Radio Netherlands Worldwide](http://www.rnw.nl/english/article/mountains-and-coral-reefs-added-dutch-landscape)
3. [Radio Netherlands Worldwide](http://www.rnw.nl/english/bulletin/new-government-and-new-status-curacao)

### Related:

1. [ The Netherlands Antilles agrees to disband on October 10, 2010. Bonaire, St. Eustatius and Saba will become Dutch municipalities within the Netherlands, whereas Curaao and Sint Maarten will become self-governing countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands. ](/news/2009/10/1/the-netherlands-antilles-agrees-to-disband-on-october-10-2010-bonaire-st-eustatius-and-saba-will-become-dutch-municipalities-within-the.md) _Context: Bonaire, Dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles, Netherlands, Saba_
2. [ The governments of the Netherlands and the Netherlands Antilles sign an agreement in The Hague, disbanding the Netherlands Antilles on July 1, 2007. The islands of Curaao and Sint Maarten become autonomous associated states within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, while Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius become Dutch municipalities. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-governments-of-the-netherlands-and-the-netherlands-antilles-sign-an-agreement-in-the-hague-disbanding-the-netherlands-antilles-on-july.md) _Context: Bonaire, Netherlands, Saba, Sint Eustatius_
3. [Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius adopt the United States dollar as the sole legal currency, reducing the use of the Netherlands Antillean guilder to Curaao and Sint Maarten. ](/news/2011/01/1/bonaire-saba-and-sint-eustatius-adopt-the-united-states-dollar-as-the-sole-legal-currency-reducing-the-use-of-the-netherlands-antillean-gu.md) _Context: Bonaire, Saba, Sint Eustatius_
4. [Aftermath of In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memoria.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-b.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam-centraal-station-in-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
