### [2010-10-10](/news/2010/10/10/index.md)

# Prominent North Korean defector Hwang Jang-yop is found dead in Seoul, South Korea. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gFZRHAmPjgg1QTLY7RYaYqNiYwnwD9IOPBIG2?docId=D9IOPBIG2)
2. [Yonhap News Agency](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2010/10/10/56/0302000000AEN20101010001200315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
2. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
3. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
4. [The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, assures South Korea of "ironclad" American security commitments on a visit to Seoul while accusing North Korea of a litany of crimes. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-assures-south-korea-of-ironclad-american-security-commitments-on-a-visit-to-seoul-while.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
5. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-a.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
6. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
7. [South Korea arrests an alleged North Korean agent on suspicion of plotting to kill high-profile defector Hwang Jang-yop who died of a heart attack earlier this month. ](/news/2010/10/20/south-korea-arrests-an-alleged-north-korean-agent-on-suspicion-of-plotting-to-kill-high-profile-defector-hwang-jang-yop-who-died-of-a-heart.md) _Context: Hwang Jang-yop, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [Radio Free Asia reports that North Korea's National Defense Commission held an emergency meeting presided over by Kim Jong-un to compromise the upcoming G20 summit in Seoul, South Korea. ](/news/2010/09/22/radio-free-asia-reports-that-north-korea-s-national-defense-commission-held-an-emergency-meeting-presided-over-by-kim-jong-un-to-compromise.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
9. [South Korea claims it has uncovered a North Korean plot to assassinate the most senior official to defect from the North to the South, Hwang Jang-yop. ](/news/2010/04/21/south-korea-claims-it-has-uncovered-a-north-korean-plot-to-assassinate-the-most-senior-official-to-defect-from-the-north-to-the-south-hwang.md) _Context: Hwang Jang-yop, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
