### [2010-10-10](/news/2010/10/10/index.md)

# Riots in Lawdar, Yemen, reinforcements sent in to maintain order. Dozens killed in Lawdar District during the protests.




### Related:

1. [A US drone airstrike kills 15 members of al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula in the Yemeni town of Lawdar in the Abyan Governorate. ](/news/2012/01/30/a-us-drone-airstrike-kills-15-members-of-al-qaida-in-the-arabian-peninsula-in-the-yemeni-town-of-lawdar-in-the-abyan-governorate.md) _Context: Lawdar, Yemen_
2. [80,000 people flee the southern Yemeni city of Lawdar after clashes between Al-Qaeda linked forces and government troops killed several people. ](/news/2010/08/24/80-000-people-flee-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-lawdar-after-clashes-between-al-qaeda-linked-forces-and-government-troops-killed-several-peop.md) _Context: Lawdar, Yemen_
3. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: Yemen_
4. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: Yemen_
5. [At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi-run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north-of-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Yemen_
6. [At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-forced-300-people.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-head-of-aden-governor.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [The number of the cholera outbreak cases in Yemen passes 200,000, with over 1,300 deaths so far. There are an estimated 5,000 new cases every day. ](/news/2017/06/24/the-number-of-the-cholera-outbreak-cases-in-yemen-passes-200-000-with-over-1-300-deaths-so-far-there-are-an-estimated-5-000-new-cases-ever.md) _Context: Yemen_
