### [2010-10-10](/news/2010/10/10/index.md)

# The Israeli cabinet approves a bill requiring all non-Jews taking Israeli citizenship to swear loyalty to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". 

New non-Jewish citizens will be obligated to pledge allegiance to &#39;Jewish, democratic state&#39; from now on, after bill passes 22-8. Barak withdraws support at last minute for fear bill will become &#39;racist tool.&#39; MK Ben-Ari: Decision proves Kahane was right


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/10/2010101013028364300.html)
2. [Ynet News](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3967149,00.html)

### Related:

1. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
2. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
4. [Right-wing Israeli politicians push for a controversial change to the wording of the oath required to become an Israeli citizen, amending the wording so that potential citizens must promise to respect Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/7/right-wing-israeli-politicians-push-for-a-controversial-change-to-the-wording-of-the-oath-required-to-become-an-israeli-citizen-amending-th.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
5. [Israel asks Germany to arrest Klaas Carel Faber, a Nazi war criminal who killed 20 Jews at Westerbork concentration camp. ](/news/2010/08/26/israel-asks-germany-to-arrest-klaas-carel-faber-a-nazi-war-criminal-who-killed-20-jews-at-westerbork-concentration-camp.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
6. [Veteran American journalist Helen Thomas announces she is retiring, after apologizing for making remarks saying Jews should leave Israel and return to Europe are widely condemned in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/7/veteran-american-journalist-helen-thomas-announces-she-is-retiring-after-apologizing-for-making-remarks-saying-jews-should-leave-israel-and.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
7. [ A French court finds the newspaper Le Monde guilty of defamation against the Jews and Israel, in an article published in 2002 which used "Jews" and "Israel" interchangeably. ](/news/2005/06/4/a-french-court-finds-the-newspaper-le-monde-guilty-of-defamation-against-the-jews-and-israel-in-an-article-published-in-2002-which-used-j.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
8. [ Israel has allowed people who received non-Orthodox training in Israel but were converted overseas to become Jews. These people will now be eligible for Israeli citizenship. ](/news/2005/03/31/israel-has-allowed-people-who-received-non-orthodox-training-in-israel-but-were-converted-overseas-to-become-jews-these-people-will-now-be.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
9. [Israeli jets bomb a suspected chemical weapons depot near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. ](/news/2017/09/7/israeli-jets-bomb-a-suspected-chemical-weapons-depot-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-army-soldiers.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
