### [2010-02-17](/news/2010/02/17/index.md)

# Guam Governor Felix Perez Camacho issues an executive order changing the name of ''Guam'' to ''Guahan'' in government documents and signage and calls for unification with the Northern Mariana Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Pacific Daily News](http://www.guampdn.com/article/20100216/NEWS01/2160308/1002/Camacho-Name-change-will-affirm-identity)
2. [Pacific Daily News](http://www.pacificnewscenter.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=3315:governor-issues-executive-order-changing-island-name-to-guahan&catid=50:homepage-slideshow-rokstories)
3. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=97268&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-republican-party-caucuses-while-democratic-party-members-vote-in.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
2. [Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial and Guam Governor Eddie Calvo state that they are in serious talks to potentially merge the U.S. territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2011/07/19/northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-and-guam-governor-eddie-calvo-state-that-they-are-in-serious-talks-to-potentially-merge-the.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [ A major earthquake measuring approximately 8.2 magnitude occurs in the north-western Pacific Ocean at 04:23:20 UTC. A tsunami is detected and a warning is issued for Russia, Japan, Marcus Island, Wake Island, Midway Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Marshall Islands, Taiwan, Yap, Pohnpei, and Chuuk. ](/news/2007/01/13/a-major-earthquake-measuring-approximately-8-2-magnitude-occurs-in-the-north-western-pacific-ocean-at-04-23-20-utc-a-tsunami-is-detected-a.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [Aftermath of the During a flying press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-flying-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infr.md) _Context: executive order_
5. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-presidential-caucus.md) _Context: Guam_
7. [The 12th Festival of Pacific Arts opens at Paseo Stadium in Guam. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-12th-festival-of-pacific-arts-opens-at-paseo-stadium-in-guam.md) _Context: Guam_
8. [A United States Air Force B-52 Stratofortress crashes at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. All seven aircrew members escaped. No injuries have been reported. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-united-states-air-force-b-52-stratofortress-crashes-at-andersen-air-force-base-on-guam-all-seven-aircrew-members-escaped-no-injuries-hav.md) _Context: Guam_
9. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: Guam_
10. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
