### [2010-02-17](/news/2010/02/17/index.md)

# It emerges that fake Irish passports used by suspects in the assassination of a senior Hamas military commander in Dubai had valid numbers with mismatched identities, with the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs embarking on an urgent mission to track the three genuine passport holders with these numbers. 

Three of the Irish passports used by those responsible for the killing of a senior Hamas figure in Dubai last month carried genuine passport numbers.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0217/dubai.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0217/breaking35.html)

### Related:

1. [A Polish appellate court upholds the decision of a lower court to extradite an alleged Mossad agent to Germany to face trial for forging a passport used in the slaying of Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/5/a-polish-appellate-court-upholds-the-decision-of-a-lower-court-to-extradite-an-alleged-mossad-agent-to-germany-to-face-trial-for-forging-a-p.md) _Context: Dubai, Hamas_
2. [Australia summons the Israeli ambassador to explain why three new suspects over the Dubai killing of a Hamas leader, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, used Australian passports. ](/news/2010/02/25/australia-summons-the-israeli-ambassador-to-explain-why-three-new-suspects-over-the-dubai-killing-of-a-hamas-leader-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-use.md) _Context: Dubai, Hamas_
3. [Two more fake Irish passports are identified by the United Arab Emirates as being involved in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a senior Hamas official in Dubai, bringing the current total to seven. ](/news/2010/02/23/two-more-fake-irish-passports-are-identified-by-the-united-arab-emirates-as-being-involved-in-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-a-sen.md) _Context: Dubai, Hamas_
4. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Dubai_
5. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Dubai_
6. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas_
7. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas_
8. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai_
9. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai_
10. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Hamas_
