### [2011-08-24](/news/2011/08/24/index.md)

# Hurricane Irene strengthens to Category 3 status as it heads towards The Bahamas and Turks and Caicos and then the East Coast of the United States. 

Officials in a popular stretch of coastal North Carolina ordered all visitors to evacuate ahead of Hurricane Irene, which damaged homes in the Bahamas Wednesday as it churned toward the U.S. East Coast.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Chronicle-Herald](http://thechronicleherald.ca/World/1259879.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/americas/08/24/tropical.weather/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)
3. [News Limited via ''The Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/irene-strengthens-to-category-2-hurricane/story-e6frf7jx-1226121405171)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
2. [Voters in the Bahamas go to the polls to elect all 39 members of the House of Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/10/voters-in-the-bahamas-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-all-39-members-of-the-house-of-assembly.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
3. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
4. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
5. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
6. [Tropical Storm Bonnie makes landfall on the East Coast of the United States, affecting mainly the city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/05/29/tropical-storm-bonnie-makes-landfall-on-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states-affecting-mainly-the-city-of-charleston-south-carolina.md) _Context: East Coast of the United States_
7. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-el-faro-wh.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
8. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
9. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: The Bahamas_
10. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: East Coast of the United States_
