### [2011-08-24](/news/2011/08/24/index.md)

# In athletics, Lamine Diack of Senegal is elected unopposed to another term as President of the International Association of Athletics Federations. 

Senegal&#x27;s Lamine Diack has been elected unopposed to a new term as president of the IAAF, the world governing body for athletics.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo!](http://news.yahoo.com/diack-confirmed-iaaf-president-023432773.html)

### Related:

1. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Association of Athletics Federations, Lamine Diack, Senegal_
2. [In athletics, the International Association of Athletics Federations names Usain Bolt of Jamaica and Sally Pearson of Australia as its World Athletes of the Year. ](/news/2011/11/12/in-athletics-the-international-association-of-athletics-federations-names-usain-bolt-of-jamaica-and-sally-pearson-of-australia-as-its-world.md) _Context: International Association of Athletics Federations, athletics_
3. [In athletics, Patrick Makau Musyoki of Kenya breaks the world record for the marathon at the Berlin Marathon, pending official ratification by the International Association of Athletics Federations. ](/news/2011/09/25/in-athletics-patrick-makau-musyoki-of-kenya-breaks-the-world-record-for-the-marathon-at-the-berlin-marathon-pending-official-ratification.md) _Context: International Association of Athletics Federations, athletics_
4. [Gambian President Adama Barrow returns to the Gambia after being sworn in as president in Senegal, bringing an end to the country's political crisis. ](/news/2017/01/26/gambian-president-adama-barrow-returns-to-the-gambia-after-being-sworn-in-as-president-in-senegal-bringing-an-end-to-the-country-s-politica.md) _Context: Senegal_
5. [Adama Barrow is sworn in as the Gambia's new President at the Gambian embassy in Dakar, Senegal. ](/news/2017/01/19/adama-barrow-is-sworn-in-as-the-gambia-s-new-president-at-the-gambian-embassy-in-dakar-senegal.md) _Context: Senegal_
6. [The  president of Senegal urges The Gambia's fallen dictator Yahya Jammeh to respect the result of the polls. ](/news/2016/12/12/the-president-of-senegal-urges-the-gambia-s-fallen-dictator-yahya-jammeh-to-respect-the-result-of-the-polls.md) _Context: Senegal_
7. [The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. ](/news/2016/07/3/the-russian-olympic-committee-appeals-the-ban-of-its-track-and-field-team-from-participating-in-the-upcoming-summer-olympics-by-the-internat.md) _Context: International Association of Athletics Federations_
8. [Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. ](/news/2016/05/13/fatma-samoura-a-senegalese-united-nations-official-is-appointed-as-the-secretary-general-of-fifa-she-is-the-first-woman-and-first-person.md) _Context: Senegal_
9. [Voters in Senegal approve a series of constitutional reforms, which include a reduction of presidential terms from seven to five years, with 63 percent of the vote. ](/news/2016/03/23/voters-in-senegal-approve-a-series-of-constitutional-reforms-which-include-a-reduction-of-presidential-terms-from-seven-to-five-years-with.md) _Context: Senegal_
10. [A referendum is underway in Senegal where voters will vote on whether or not to reduce presidential term limits from seven to five years. Senegal's referendum also calls for a strengthened National Assembly, better representation for Senegalese abroad, greater rights for the opposition and participation of independent candidates in elections among the 15 changes. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-referendum-is-underway-in-senegal-where-voters-will-vote-on-whether-or-not-to-reduce-presidential-term-limits-from-seven-to-five-years-se.md) _Context: Senegal_
