### [2011-08-24](/news/2011/08/24/index.md)

# National Transitional Council Chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil announces legislative and presidential elections within eight months, and promises that Muammar Gaddafi will be tried in Libya. 

Col Muammar Gaddafi last night reportedly vowed death or victory in the fight against &#034;aggression&#034; after his fortified headquarters in Tripoli were overrun.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via the ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2011/08/24/world/africa/news-us-libya-nuclear-heinonen.html?_r=1&hp)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/8719315/Libya-Col-Gaddafi-vows-death-or-victory.html)
3. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-43249,00.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war, 2011 Battle of Tripoli:Mustafa Abdul Jalil, Chairman of the National Transitional Council, announces that Muammar Gaddafi's regime has collapsed. ](/news/2011/08/22/2011-libyan-civil-war-2011-battle-of-tripoli-pmustafa-abdul-jalil-chairman-of-the-national-transitional-council-announces-that-muammar-ga.md) _Context: Mustafa Abdul Jalil, National Transitional Council, heavy gunfire_
2. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
3. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and  bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-fac.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
6. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
7. [Aftermath of the 2011 Libyan civil war:The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. ](/news/2011/10/24/aftermath-of-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-corpses-of-53-pro-muammar-gaddafi-fighters-are-found-in-sirte-all-having-apparently-been-summar.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
9. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
