### [2011-04-28](/news/2011/04/28/index.md)

# Former U.S. president Jimmy Carter, after visiting North Korea, calls on the U.S. and South Korea to stop starving the North Koreans and accuses the U.S. and South Korea of violating the human rights of the North Korean people. Carter also says Kim Jong-il is willing to hold unconditional talks with South Korea, though current U.S. officials dismiss the visit of their former president to North Korea as "strictly private". 

Former US President Jimmy Carter accuses the US and South Korea of human rights violations against North Koreans by withholding food aid.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13221867)

### Related:

1. [Kim Jong-nam, eldest son of Kim Jong-il, is assassinated in Malaysia after two unidentified women reportedly poisoned him at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. ](/news/2017/02/13/kim-jong-nam-eldest-son-of-kim-jong-il-is-assassinated-in-malaysia-after-two-unidentified-women-reportedly-poisoned-him-at-kuala-lumpur-in.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il_
2. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
3. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announceds-that-his-liver-cancer-melanoma-has-spread-to-his-brain-in-addition-to-radiation-carter-wil.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
4. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
5. [According to former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, the flu causes his Vice President, Walter Mondale, 87, to be hospitalized at the famed Mayo Clinic, in Rochester, Minnesota. ](/news/2015/03/7/according-to-former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-the-flu-causes-his-vice-president-walter-mondale-87-to-be-hospitalized-at-the-famed-mayo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
6. [Paramount Pictures orders theater chains, including those in Cleveland, Atlanta, and New Orleans, not to re-release the 2004 film ''Team America: World Police'', which depicts a fictional mission to kill Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2014/12/19/paramount-pictures-orders-theater-chains-including-those-in-cleveland-atlanta-and-new-orleans-not-to-re-release-the-2004-film-team-ame.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il_
7. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
8. [North Korea commemorates the one-year anniversary of the death of former Leader Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2012/12/17/north-korea-commemorates-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-death-of-former-leader-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il_
9. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il_
10. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il_
