### [2011-04-28](/news/2011/04/28/index.md)

# Israeli officials say they will refuse to deal with the Palestinian unity government composed of Fatah and Hamas because Hamas has carried out bombings and rocket attacks against Israel for years and does not recognise its right to exist.

Netanyahu huddles with top officials to discuss diplomatic, security impact of Abbas’s embrace of &quot;most extreme, violent enemies of peace.&quot;


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13221843)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/04/201142817747522257.html)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=218357)

### Related:

1. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
2. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
3. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [A 2009 Wikileaks document from the US embassy in Tel Aviv says that Israel is preparing for large scale war against Hamas or Hezbollah, and quotes the Israeli chief of staff as saying that the Israel Defense Forces must be prepared to stop the firing of rockets on Tel Aviv. ](/news/2011/01/2/a-2009-wikileaks-document-from-the-us-embassy-in-tel-aviv-says-that-israel-is-preparing-for-large-scale-war-against-hamas-or-hezbollah-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
7. [ Hamas accuses rival faction Fatah of spying for Israel during the recent conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/23/hamas-accuses-rival-faction-fatah-of-spying-for-israel-during-the-recent-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
8. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of {{Nowrap|$50 million}} tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
9. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
