### [2011-04-28](/news/2011/04/28/index.md)

# Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. 

STORMS that spawned deadly tornadoes have flattened buildings and knocked out power lines across the central and southern United States, raising the death toll to at least 56.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/tornadoes-kill-245-knock-nuclear-plants/story?id=13474955)
2. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/world/at-least-56-dead-in-us-storms/story-e6frfkui-1226046293516#ixzz1Kn0MlMYD)
3. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/2011/04/27/2011-04-27_extreme_weather_in_alabams_kills_25_people_as_storms_tornadoes_ravage_southeast.html)
4. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/29/us/29storm.html?_r=1&hp&emc=na)
4. [Cover Image](http://resources.news.com.au/cs/newscomau/images/placeholders/story-thumb-large.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma!_
2. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma!, Tennessee_
3. [The death toll reaches 28 as flooding from weekend storms worsens in southern US towns and cities, including Nashville in Middle Tennessee, and parts of Kentucky, Alabama and Mississippi. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-death-toll-reaches-28-as-flooding-from-weekend-storms-worsens-in-southern-us-towns-and-cities-including-nashville-in-middle-tennessee.md) _Context: Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, Tennessee_
4. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Oklahoma!_
5. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee_
6. [The National Weather Service continues issuing tornado warnings for parts of the Central United States, including Arkansas, Oklahoma and Missouri. ](/news/2011/05/23/the-national-weather-service-continues-issuing-tornado-warnings-for-parts-of-the-central-united-states-including-arkansas-oklahoma-and-mis.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma!_
7. [ An outbreak of tornadoes, the April 2, 2006 Tornado Outbreak, hits northeastern Arkansas, the Missouri Bootheel, and West Tennessee killing 27.](/news/2006/04/2/an-outbreak-of-tornadoes-the-april-2-2006-tornado-outbreak-hits-northeastern-arkansas-the-missouri-bootheel-and-west-tennessee-killing.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee_
8. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Kentucky, Mississippi_
9. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri_
10. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Alabama, Tennessee_
