### [2011-04-28](/news/2011/04/28/index.md)

# The World Health Organisation reports that chronic illnesses such as heart disease, cancer and diabetes are the leading cause of death in the world causing more than 36 million deaths in 2008. 

Chronic illnesses such as heart disease, cancer and diabetes are the leading cause of death globally, according to the World Health Organization.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-13207595)

### Related:

1. [A study finds that sleep loss can alter gene behavior, which may explain why it often precedes medical problems such as diabetes, obesity, and heart disease. ](/news/2013/02/26/a-study-finds-that-sleep-loss-can-alter-gene-behavior-which-may-explain-why-it-often-precedes-medical-problems-such-as-diabetes-obesity-a.md) _Context: diabetes, heart disease_
2. [ American Roger Kornberg wins the 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for describing the essential process of gene copying in cells, research that can give insight into illnesses such as cancer and heart disease. ](/news/2006/10/4/american-roger-kornberg-wins-the-2006-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-describing-the-essential-process-of-gene-copying-in-cells-research-that.md) _Context: cancer, heart disease_
3. [A researcher from the University of California, San Francisco discovers that the sugar industry may have manipulated studies about heart diseases. ](/news/2016/09/12/a-researcher-from-the-university-of-california-san-francisco-discovers-that-the-sugar-industry-may-have-manipulated-studies-about-heart-dis.md) _Context: heart disease_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [Zika virus outbreak in Brazil (2015 - present): The World Health Organisation warns that the Zika virus could spread to most countries in the Americas. ](/news/2016/01/25/zika-virus-outbreak-in-brazil-2015-present-the-world-health-organisation-warns-that-the-zika-virus-could-spread-to-most-countries-in-th.md) _Context: World Health Organisation_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organisation confirms a second new case of Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2016/01/21/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-confirms-a-second-new-case-of-ebola-virus-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: World Health Organisation_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: World Health Organisation_
8. [The World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that maternal deaths will have fallen 44% between 1990 and 2015; although, this falls short of the United Nation's Millennium Development Goal of 75% reduction. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-world-health-organisation-who-announced-that-maternal-deaths-will-have-fallen-44-between-1990-and-2015-although-this-falls-short-of.md) _Context: World Health Organisation_
9. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Researchers from the University of California, Riverside discover that soybean oil and corn oil increase diabetes rates in mice more than coconut oil and fructose. ](/news/2015/08/4/researchers-from-the-university-of-california-riverside-discover-that-soybean-oil-and-corn-oil-increase-diabetes-rates-in-mice-more-than-co.md) _Context: diabetes_
