### [2011-04-28](/news/2011/04/28/index.md)

# U.S. tornado outbreak:Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. 

STORMS that spawned deadly tornadoes have flattened buildings and knocked out power lines across the central and southern United States, raising the death toll to at least 56.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/29/us/29storm.html?_r=1&hp&emc=na)
2. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/world/at-least-56-dead-in-us-storms/story-e6frfkui-1226046293516#ixzz1Kn0MlMYD)
3. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/2011/04/27/2011-04-27_extreme_weather_in_alabams_kills_25_people_as_storms_tornadoes_ravage_southeast.html)
4. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/tornadoes-kill-245-knock-nuclear-plants/story?id=13474955)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma!, Tennessee_
2. [The death toll reaches 28 as flooding from weekend storms worsens in southern US towns and cities, including Nashville in Middle Tennessee, and parts of Kentucky, Alabama and Mississippi. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-death-toll-reaches-28-as-flooding-from-weekend-storms-worsens-in-southern-us-towns-and-cities-including-nashville-in-middle-tennessee.md) _Context: Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, Tennessee_
3. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee_
4. [May 2011 tornado outbreak in the US:The National Weather Service continues issuing tornado warnings for parts of the Central United States, including Arkansas, Oklahoma and Missouri. ](/news/2011/05/23/may-2011-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-pthe-national-weather-service-continues-issuing-tornado-warnings-for-parts-of-the-central-united-states.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma!_
5. [ An outbreak of tornadoes, the April 2, 2006 Tornado Outbreak, hits northeastern Arkansas, the Missouri Bootheel, and West Tennessee killing 27.](/news/2006/04/2/an-outbreak-of-tornadoes-the-april-2-2006-tornado-outbreak-hits-northeastern-arkansas-the-missouri-bootheel-and-west-tennessee-killing.md) _Context: Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee_
6. [An AMBER Alert is issued in Tennessee and Alabama for Elizabeth Thomas, who is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/14/an-amber-alert-is-issued-in-tennessee-and-alabama-for-elizabeth-thomas-who-is-believed-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-her-former-high-school-tea.md) _Context: Alabama, Tennessee_
7. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Alabama, Mississippi_
8. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Arkansas, Oklahoma!_
9. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Mississippi, Oklahoma!_
10. [London-based BP  agrees,  pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five  Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast.md) _Context: Alabama, Mississippi_
