### [2011-08-9](/news/2011/08/9/index.md)

# Warren Jeffs, former leader of the FLDS Church and formerly on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, is sentenced to life in prison plus 20 years for a conviction on child sexual assault charges. 

Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs was sentenced Tuesday to life in prison plus 20 years for sexually assaulting two girls he claimed were his &quot;spiritual wives.&quot;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/08/09/texas.polygamist.jeffs/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [ Warren Jeffs, the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is sentenced to five years to life in jail for complicity in rape. ](/news/2007/11/20/warren-jeffs-the-leader-of-the-fundamentalist-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-is-sentenced-to-five-years-to-life-in-jail-for.md) _Context: FLDS Church, Warren Jeffs_
2. [ Warren Jeffs, leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is found guilty of two counts of rape in the U.S. state of Utah.  ](/news/2007/09/25/warren-jeffs-leader-of-the-fundamentalist-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-is-found-guilty-of-two-counts-of-rape-in-the-u-s-s.md) _Context: FLDS Church, Warren Jeffs_
3. [ Warren Jeffs, the fugitive leader of a polygamist Mormon sect and one of the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, has been arrested in southern Nevada. ](/news/2006/08/29/warren-jeffs-the-fugitive-leader-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-and-one-of-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-has-been-arrested-in-southern-n.md) _Context: 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list, Warren Jeffs_
4. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
5. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
6. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
7. [In the U.S., the Iowa Supreme Court rules  juveniles, even those convicted of first-degree murder, can not be sentenced to life without parole, becoming the 19th state to ban such sentences. As of January, about 2,300 American juveniles were serving life-without-parole sentences.  ](/news/2016/05/27/in-the-u-s-the-iowa-supreme-court-rules-juveniles-even-those-convicted-of-first-degree-murder-can-not-be-sentenced-to-life-without-paro.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
8. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
9. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
10. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: sexual assault_
