### [2007-12-3](/news/2007/12/3/index.md)

#  Kevin Rudd is sworn in as the 26th Prime Minister of Australia by Governor-General Maj. Gen. Michael Jeffery. 




### Source:

1. [News24](http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_2231702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that current Governor of Queensland Quentin Bryce will become Australia's next Governor-General. Ms Bryce will be the first woman appointed to the role. ](/news/2008/04/13/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-current-governor-of-queensland-quentin-bryce-will-become-australia-s-next-governo.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Governor General of Australia, Kevin Rudd_
2. [Newly released cables from the United States indicate former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd suggested the use of force against China if it could not be "successfully integrated" into the international community. The Australian government refuses to respond to the release. ](/news/2010/12/6/newly-released-cables-from-the-united-states-indicate-former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-suggested-the-use-of-force-against-china.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
3. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Governor General of Australia_
4. [Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping meets with Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on an official trip to Canberra. The two countries sign agreements valued at over A$10 billion. ](/news/2010/06/21/chinese-vice-president-xi-jinping-meets-with-australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-on-an-official-trip-to-canberra-the-two-countries-sign-ag.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
5. [Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd appoints the country's first population minister, Tony Burke, as part of a strategy for managing population growth. ](/news/2010/04/3/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-appoints-the-country-s-first-population-minister-tony-burke-as-part-of-a-strategy-for-managing-popula.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
6. [ Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd promises to create 50,000 green jobs and apprenticeships to combat climate change and unemployment simultaneously. ](/news/2009/07/30/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-promises-to-create-50-000-green-jobs-and-apprenticeships-to-combat-climate-change-and-unemployment-sim.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-the-government-of-australia-will-guarantee-all-deposits-in-all-australian-banks-f.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
8. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
9. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Governor General of Australia, Michael Jeffery_
10. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
