
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.xml)  

### [2017-12-14](/news/2017/12/14/index.md)

# The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, through a press conference, gives the president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. However, this political group did not mention what it would do if the president does not do it. This, after it revealed a corruption scandal involving the head of state, which would show that he received large sums of money from the Odebrecht construction company, through a financial advisory firm of his property, in exchange of the concession of important infrastructures for the country. Previously, Kuczynski confirmed that he would attend a commission of the Congress which investigates the Odebrecht's links in Peru. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-peru-odebrecht-kuczynski/peru-opposition-demands-presidents-immediate-resignation-idUSKBN1E82RL)
1. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20171214&t=2&i=1214490192&w=1200&r=LYNXMPEDBD1NO)

### Changes:

1. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, gives the President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. The demand comes after the Odebrecht construction company revealed payments of $4.8 million to a company Kuczynski controlled while he held public office. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.md) _2017-12-15 14:30:07 (First version)_
1. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, through a press conference, gives the president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. However, this political group did not mention what it would do if the president does not do it. This, after it revealed a corruption scandal involving the head of state, which would show that he received large sums of money from the Odebrecht construction company, through a financial advisory firm of his property, in exchange of the concession of important infrastructures for the country. Previously, Kuczynski confirmed that he would attend a commission of the Congress which investigates the Odebrecht's links in Peru. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Ecuadorian Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for financial corruption involving the Brazilian construction company Odebrecht. The decision will not be enforced until the court confirms the ruling. The court's decision can be appealed. [http:--www.bbc.com-news-world-latin-america-42346881 ("BBC News")] [https:--www.eluniverso.com-noticias-2017-12-13-nota-6525058-jorge-glas-sentenciado-como-culpable-6-anos-prision-caso-odebrecht ("El Universo")] {{es icon}}](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-financial-corruption-involving-the-brazilian-construction-co.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
2. [A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-his-wife-nadine-heredia-for-alleged-money.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
3. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
4. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
5. [A small plane carrying Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki crashes into the sea near the tourist town of Paraty in the state of Rio de Janeiro, killing the magistrate and two other people. Zavascki had been handling the politically-charged Operation Car Wash corruption trials. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-small-plane-carrying-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-crashes-into-the-sea-near-the-tourist-town-of-paraty-in-the-state-of-r.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
