
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.xml)  

### [2017-12-14](/news/2017/12/14/index.md)

# The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, gives the President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. The demand comes after the Odebrecht construction company revealed payments of $4.8 million to a company Kuczynski controlled while he held public office. 




### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-peru-odebrecht-kuczynski/peru-opposition-demands-presidents-immediate-resignation-idUSKBN1E82RL)
1. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20171214&t=2&i=1214490192&w=1200&r=LYNXMPEDBD1NO)

### Changes:

1. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, through a press conference, gives the president Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. However, this political group did not mention what it would do if the president does not do it. This, after it revealed a corruption scandal involving the head of state, which would show that he received large sums of money from the Odebrecht construction company, through a financial advisory firm of his property, in exchange of the concession of important infrastructures for the country. Previously, Kuczynski confirmed that he would attend a commission of the Congress which investigates the Odebrecht's links in Peru. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-through-a-press-conference-gives-the-preside.md) _2017-12-15 00:30:08 (First version)_
1. [The main opposition party of Peru, Popular Force, which has the absolute majority in Congress, gives the President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski less than 24 hours to present his resignation. The demand comes after the Odebrecht construction company revealed payments of $4.8 million to a company Kuczynski controlled while he held public office. ](/news/2017/12/14/the-main-opposition-party-of-peru-popular-force-which-has-the-absolute-majority-in-congress-gives-the-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-les.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Peru, President_
2. [Ecuadorian Suspended Vice President Jorge Glas is sentenced to six years imprisonment for the delict of illicit association and taking $13.5m (GBP10.2m) in bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht, which paid $33.5m in bribes to secure infrastructure contracts in the country. However, the 48-year-old engineer, imprisoned preventively since October, will not be able to be totally stripped of his functions until all judicial instances have been exhausted. Former President Rafael Correa, who also had Glas in the same office, has defended him expressly and considers that the case is politically motivated. The uncle of Glas, involved in the same plot, received the same sentence. ](/news/2017/12/13/ecuadorian-suspended-vice-president-jorge-glas-is-sentenced-to-six-years-imprisonment-for-the-delict-of-illicit-association-and-taking-13-5.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
3. [Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski's government creates a temporary visa for thousands of Venezuelans whose country is mired in a deep economic crisis. Visa holders will be able to study, work, and receive health services in Peru for a year. "This is part of our migratory policy that aims to build bridges not walls", says Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio. ](/news/2017/02/3/peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-s-government-creates-a-temporary-visa-for-thousands-of-venezuelans-whose-country-is-mired-in-a-deep.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, President_
4. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Odebrecht, Operation Car Wash_
5. [With more than 92% of the vote counted, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is ahead of Keiko Fujimori by just over 103,000 votes, 50.3 percent to 49.6 percent, in the electorate of 23 million citizens. Ballots of Peruvians living abroad will begin to arrive tonight. Mariano Cucho, the head of the electoral office, says the count may not be finalized until Thursday or Friday. ](/news/2016/06/6/with-more-than-92-of-the-vote-counted-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-is-ahead-of-keiko-fujimori-by-just-over-103-000-votes-50-3-percent-to-49-6-pe.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru_
