### [2014-03-24](/news/2014/03/24/index.md)

# Post-coup unrest in Egypt:A court in Minya, Egypt, sentences 528 supporters of former President Mohammed Morsi to death for a range of offenses including murdering a policeman and attacks on people and property.  It is the largest mass death sentence handed down in recent history anywhere in the world. 

A court in Egypt sentences to death 528 supporters of ousted President Mohammed Morsi on charges including murder.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-26712124)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/egypt-sentences-528-supporters-of-the-ousted-islamist-president-mohammed-morsi-to-death-9211871.html)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohammed Morsi to twenty years imprisonment for involvement in the killing of protesters when he was in power. ](/news/2015/04/21/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohammed-morsi-to-twenty-years-imprisonment-for-involvement-in-the-killing-of-protesters-when-h.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi_
2. [Ten supporters of former President of Egypt Mohammed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood movement are sentenced to death in absentia for allegedly inciting violence and blocking a road last July. ](/news/2014/06/7/ten-supporters-of-former-president-of-egypt-mohammed-morsi-s-muslim-brotherhood-movement-are-sentenced-to-death-in-absentia-for-allegedly-in.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi_
3. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:An Egyptian court sentences 11 supporters of deposed President Mohammed Morsi to prison terms ranging from five to 88 years for rioting.](/news/2014/04/27/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-pan-egyptian-court-sentences-11-supporters-of-deposed-president-mohammed-morsi-to-prison-terms-ranging-from-five-t.md) _Context: Mohammed Morsi, Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
4. [2012-2013 Egyptian protests:Demonstrations across Egypt gather about 15 million people nationwide calling for the resignation of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi. ](/news/2013/07/1/2012a2013-egyptian-protests-pdemonstrations-across-egypt-gather-about-15-million-people-nationwide-calling-for-the-resignation-of-egyptian.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi_
5. [Mohammed Morsi, the president-elect of Egypt, vows to free Omar Abdel-Rahman who was jailed for plotting the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in the United States. ](/news/2012/06/29/mohammed-morsi-the-president-elect-of-egypt-vows-to-free-omar-abdel-rahman-who-was-jailed-for-plotting-the-1993-world-trade-center-bombing.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi_
6. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is acquitted of involvement in the deaths of hundreds of anti-government protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2017/03/2/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-acquitted-of-involvement-in-the-deaths-of-hundreds-of-anti-government-protesters-during-the-2011.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
7. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
8. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death.  ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
9. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
10. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
