### [2016-08-1](/news/2016/08/1/index.md)

# The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. 

A security law has come into force in Malaysia that gives the Prime Minister, Najib Razak, sweeping new powers. As well as letting him declare any area in Malaysia a security zone, the law gives police enhanced powers, including the right to use unlimited force, plus immunity for their acts. Mr Najib is under international investigation in a billion dollar plus embezzlement scandal.


### Source:

1. [ABC News PM](http://www.abc.net.au/pm/content/2016/s4511089.htm)

### Related:

1. [Bersih 5 rally. Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
2. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
3. [Moro conflict. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/moro-conflict-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-ber.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
4. [Bersih 4 rally. There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/bersih-4-rally-there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
5. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. Malaysian authorities order a freeze on six accounts associated with alleged payments by development bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad to the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/7/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-malaysian-authorities-order-a-freeze-on-six-accounts-associated-with-alleged-payments-by-development-b.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
6. [Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak dissolves parliament and advises all the state governments, except Negeri Sembilan and Sarawak to do the same, in preparation for general election. ](/news/2013/04/3/malaysia-s-prime-minister-najib-razak-dissolves-parliament-and-advises-all-the-state-governments-except-negeri-sembilan-and-sarawak-to-do-t.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
7. [Rohingya protests. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
8. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
9. [Protesters in Malaysia attempt to shut down the "Malaysiakini" newspaper which has been at the center of opposition towards Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/11/7/protesters-in-malaysia-attempt-to-shut-down-the-malaysiakini-newspaper-which-has-been-at-the-center-of-opposition-towards-malaysian-prime.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
10. [Next Malaysian general election. Elections in Malaysia are to occur in 2017 as efforts to challenge the legitimacy of Najib Razak mount. ](/news/2016/09/9/next-malaysian-general-election-elections-in-malaysia-are-to-occur-in-2017-as-efforts-to-challenge-the-legitimacy-of-najib-razak-mount.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
