### [2016-08-1](/news/2016/08/1/index.md)

# The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". 

The US carries out air strikes in Libya on positions of so-called Islamic State at the request of the UN-backed government, the Pentagon says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-36941934)

### Related:

1. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte, U.S._
2. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
3. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: Fayez al-Sarraj, Government of National Accord, ISIL, United Nations_
4. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is-libya-s-largest-oil-depot-two-mem.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
5. [A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-said-to-have-killed-wisam-al-zubaidi-also-known-as-abu-nabil-al-anbari.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), U.S._
6. [Warplanes of unidentified origin carry out airstrikes on ISIS camps in the Libyan city of Sirte. ](/news/2015/10/20/warplanes-of-unidentified-origin-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isis-camps-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
7. [A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-is-attacked-by-unidenti.md) _Context: Fayez al-Sarraj, Government of National Accord, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
9. [An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the  internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns-with-its-cargo-t.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, United Nations_
10. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), United Nations_
