### [2003-09-11](/news/2003/09/11/index.md)

#  As the United States remembers the deadliest terrorist attack ever on its shores, the United States Department of State warns it is seeing "increasing indications that al-Qaeda is preparing to strike United States interests abroad" and urges citizens overseas to take special caution on the second anniversary of the September 11 attacks amid growing indications that al-Qaeda is planning bigger attacks, "possibly involving unconventional weapons such as chemical or biological agents."




### Related:

1. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, al-Qaeda_
2. [The United States Department of State announces a worldwide travel alert for U.S. citizens and some embassies throughout Southwest Asia and North Africa will be closed following an al-Qaeda threat. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-department-of-state-announces-a-worldwide-travel-alert-for-u-s-citizens-and-some-embassies-throughout-southwest-asia-and.md) _Context: State Department, al-Qaeda_
3. [The United States Department of State issues a travel warning to United States citizens for the country of Algeria in response to the In Amenas hostage crisis. ](/news/2013/01/20/the-united-states-department-of-state-issues-a-travel-warning-to-united-states-citizens-for-the-country-of-algeria-in-response-to-the-in-ama.md) _Context: State Department, citizenship_
4. [An excavation begins at the Tokyo site of Unit 731, a covert Imperial Japanese Army biological and chemical warfare site that conducted human experimentation. ](/news/2011/02/21/an-excavation-begins-at-the-tokyo-site-of-unit-731-a-covert-imperial-japanese-army-biological-and-chemical-warfare-site-that-conducted-huma.md) _Context: biological, chemical warfare_
5. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: State Department, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: biological, chemical warfare_
7. [ Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden says that his organization is working on ""serious projects"", and that his priority is to use biological weapons against the United States. Al Qaeda may already have such weapons, and be seeking means to transport and launch them.](/news/2003/09/2/al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-that-his-organization-is-working-on-serious-projects-and-that-his-priority-is-to-use-biological-w.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, biological_
8. [Ramzi bin al-Shibh, a key al Qaeda member who supposedly helped to plan the September 11 attacks was captured in Pakistan](/news/2002/09/11/ramzi-bin-al-shibh-a-key-al-qaeda-member-who-supposedly-helped-to-plan-the-september-11-attacks-was-captured-in-pakistan.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, al-Qaeda_
9. [ September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.](/news/2001/09/11/september-11-attacks-planes-are-hijacked-by-al-qaeda-members-and-flown-into-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-and-a-f.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, al-Qaeda_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: State Department_
