### [2003-09-11](/news/2003/09/11/index.md)

#  Massachusetts Institute of Technology scientists achieve the lowest temperature ever recorded, half a billionth of a Kelvin (0.5 nanokelvin) above absolute zero, in sodium gas. At that speed, atoms move about 12&nbsp;cm/second.




### Related:

1. [Scientists have created a new form of hydrogen at temperature near absolute zero. These anions or clusters are formed by an electron addition to liquid helium nanodroplets doped with molecular hydrogen or deuterium. ](/news/2017/01/15/scientists-have-created-a-new-form-of-hydrogen-at-temperature-near-absolute-zero-these-anions-or-clusters-are-formed-by-an-electron-additio.md) _Context: absolute zero_
2. [The Met Office confirms Sunday as the coldest Easter Day on record for the United Kingdom. The lowest temperature of -12.5degC is recorded in Braemar in the Scottish Highlands. ](/news/2013/03/31/the-met-office-confirms-sunday-as-the-coldest-easter-day-on-record-for-the-united-kingdom-the-lowest-temperature-of-a12-5adegc-is-recorded.md) _Context: temperature_
3. [Google begins selling basic laptop computers for $99, meeting the $100 price point set out as a challenge by a prominent professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Nicholas Negroponte) eight years ago. ](/news/2012/12/10/google-begins-selling-basic-laptop-computers-for-99-meeting-the-100-price-point-set-out-as-a-challenge-by-a-prominent-professor-at-the-ma.md) _Context: Massachusetts Institute of Technology_
4. [An analysis of data detected by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter of the LCROSS impact last October finds the presence of carbon monoxide in Cabeus Crater in higher concentrations than the approximately 155 kg of water ice and water vapour, more than initially estimated, in addition to two hydroxyl flavours and smaller quantities of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, mercury, magnesium, calcium, sodium, hydrogen gas, and possibly ammonia, ethylene and silver. ](/news/2010/10/21/an-analysis-of-data-detected-by-the-lunar-reconnaissance-orbiter-of-the-lcross-impact-last-october-finds-the-presence-of-carbon-monoxide-in.md) _Context: sodium_
5. [ MIT says it has succeeded in using radio waves to mix 50,000,000 C plasma at its Alcator C-Mod fusion reactor. ](/news/2008/12/5/mit-says-it-has-succeeded-in-using-radio-waves-to-mix-50-000-000-degc-plasma-at-its-alcator-c-mod-fusion-reactor.md) _Context: Massachusetts Institute of Technology_
6. [ Three students of MIT successfully submit a paper "Rooter: A Methodology for the Typical Unification of Access Points and Redundancy" into World Multiconference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics. The paper was made of computer-generated nonsense. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-students-of-mit-successfully-submit-a-paper-rooter-a-methodology-for-the-typical-unification-of-access-points-and-redundancy-into.md) _Context: Massachusetts Institute of Technology_
7. [ Nick Holonyak Jr., inventor of the light-emitting diode (LED), receives the 10th annual Lemelson-MIT Prize, awarded to prominent inventors by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. ](/news/2004/04/26/nick-holonyak-jr-inventor-of-the-light-emitting-diode-led-receives-the-10th-annual-lemelson-mit-prize-awarded-to-prominent-inventors.md) _Context: Massachusetts Institute of Technology_
8. [ A single-celled microbe, of the domain Archaea, is found to be able to survive at 121&nbsp;degC (250&nbsp;degF), making it the life form that can tolerate the highest temperature. The microbe, temporarily named "Strain 121", which was found 200 mi away from Puget Sound in a hydrothermal vent, may provide clues to when and where life first evolved on Earth. It metabolizes by reducing iron oxide. ](/news/2003/08/14/a-single-celled-microbe-of-the-domain-archaea-is-found-to-be-able-to-survive-at-121-nbsp-adegc-250-nbsp-adegf-making-it-the-life-form-that.md) _Context: temperature_
