### [2012-07-29](/news/2012/07/29/index.md)

# New research published in this week's ''Nature Geoscience'' details a mechanism by which carbon is drawn down from the surface of the Southern Ocean to deeper water below. 




### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20120729-scientists-find-co2-sucking-funnels-southern-ocean)
2. [Phys.org](http://phys.org/news/2012-07-discovery-carbon-southern-ocean.html)

### Related:

1. [Research, published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal ''Nature Geoscience'', confirms that  Mercury's darker than expected crusty exterior is from carbon, likely  the remains of the planet's ancient surface crust of graphite, rather than carbon dust from comet impacts as previously postulated. ](/news/2016/03/7/research-published-in-the-peer-reviewed-scientific-journal-nature-geoscience-confirms-that-mercury-s-darker-than-expected-crusty-exte.md) _Context: Nature Geoscience, carbon_
2. [Free University of Berlin chemists confirm that carbon can bond with more than four atoms, previously seen as its limit because carbon  has only four shareable electrons. The researchers used X-rays to, for the first time, map the molecule --  a carbon atom bonded to six other carbon atoms. ](/news/2017/01/7/free-university-of-berlin-chemists-confirm-that-carbon-can-bond-with-more-than-four-atoms-previously-seen-as-its-limit-because-carbon-has.md) _Context: carbon_
3. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: carbon_
5. [An article in  ''New York'' magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2016/07/23/an-article-in-new-york-magazine-speculates-that-the-pilot-may-have-deliberately-crashed-the-plane-into-the-southern-ocean.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
6. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
7. [Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. ](/news/2015/11/30/researchers-at-north-carolina-state-university-discover-a-new-diamond-like-solid-phase-of-carbon-called-q-carbon-that-can-be-attained-at.md) _Context: carbon_
8. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
9. [A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-gigantic-iceberg-is-floating-in-the-southern-ocean-after-breaking-off-the-pine-island-glacier-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
10. [Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY ''Steve Irwin'' and MY ''Bob Barker'' sustaining damage. ](/news/2013/02/20/japanese-whaling-vessels-clash-with-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-neptune-s-navy-boats-in-the-southern-ocean-with-the-my-steve-irwin.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
