### [2009-05-2](/news/2009/05/2/index.md)

#  The United Nations orders Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem. 

Israel must freeze all pending east Jerusalem home demolitions, UN report says.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2009/05/20095113927141744.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticises Israel's refusal to cease illegal settlement building on Palestinian land, telling a UN General Assembly gathering that he is "very concerned at the lack of progress towards peace" and that the recent demolition of East Jerusalem's historic Shepherd Hotel and evictions of Palestinian families had "heightened tensions." He later meets survivors of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-criticises-israel-s-refusal-to-cease-illegal-settlement-building-on-palestinian-land-telling-a.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, United Nations_
2. [U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon states as "illegal and unhelpful" the plan to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem to make way for a tourist park. ](/news/2010/06/24/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-states-as-illegal-and-unhelpful-the-plan-to-demolish-palestinian-homes-in-east-jerusalem-to-make-way-fo.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian, United Nations_
3. [Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters objecting to an "extremely provocative" march by settlers in Silwan in East Jerusalem, calling for the removal of Palestinians who live in the area. ](/news/2010/04/25/israeli-police-clash-with-palestinian-protesters-objecting-to-an-extremely-provocative-march-by-settlers-in-silwan-in-east-jerusalem-call.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian terrorist in East Jerusalem as he rams them with his tractor. ](/news/2009/04/7/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-terrorist-in-east-jerusalem-as-he-rams-them-with-his-tractor.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ Palestinians accuse Israel of planning ethnic cleansing in Bustan, East Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/2/palestinians-accuse-israel-of-planning-ethnic-cleansing-in-bustan-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an-end-to-the-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, United Nations_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
9. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
