### [1999-02-11](/news/1999/02/11/index.md)

#  Pluto, a dwarf planet with an eccentric orbit, changes from the eighth to ninth planet furthest from the Sun. It had been the eighth furthest since 1979, and will become again in "2231".




### Related:

1. [ Astronomers announce the discovery of 90377 Sedna, a Pluto-like planetoid which is the most distant individual object known to orbit the Sun. ](/news/2004/03/15/astronomers-announce-the-discovery-of-90377-sedna-a-pluto-like-planetoid-which-is-the-most-distant-individual-object-known-to-orbit-the-su.md) _Context: Pluto, Sun_
2. [NASA announces the return of the final piece of data collected during "New Horizons"' flyby of Pluto in July 2015. The data, taking about five hours at light speed to travel across 5.5 billion kilometers (3.4 billion miles), arrived at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory on the morning of October 25. ](/news/2016/10/27/nasa-announces-the-return-of-the-final-piece-of-data-collected-during-new-horizons-flyby-of-pluto-in-july-2015-the-data-taking-about-fi.md) _Context: Pluto_
3. [Astronomers announce that 2014 UZ224 is the third most distant Solar System object known from our Sun, currently over 90 times the Earth's distance from the Sun (90.8 AU or 8.44 billion miles), after Eris (96.2 AU) and V774104 (~103 AU). ](/news/2016/10/11/astronomers-announce-that-2014-uz224-is-the-third-most-distant-solar-system-object-known-from-our-sun-currently-over-90-times-the-earth-s-d.md) _Context: Sun_
4. [Astronomers announce the discovery of V774104, the most distant object yet found in the solar system, a dwarf planet orbiting at three times the distance of Pluto. ](/news/2015/11/11/astronomers-announce-the-discovery-of-v774104-the-most-distant-object-yet-found-in-the-solar-system-a-dwarf-planet-orbiting-at-three-times.md) _Context: Pluto_
5. [NASA publishes the first close up photos of Pluto from the New Horizons spacecraft. They show geologically young mountains made of water ice. ](/news/2015/07/15/nasa-publishes-the-first-close-up-photos-of-pluto-from-the-new-horizons-spacecraft-they-show-geologically-young-mountains-made-of-water-ice.md) _Context: Pluto_
6. [Scientists at Northumbria University in northeast England develop a computerized statistical model of the Sun's solar cycle (a measurement of the number of sunspots and solar flares, in this case between 1976 and 2008, and their intensity and activity). While preliminary, and not yet peer-reviewed, the data predicts irregularities in the cycle: the Northern Hemisphere could experience a slight lowering in temperatures in the 2030s. ](/news/2015/07/14/scientists-at-northumbria-university-in-northeast-england-develop-a-computerized-statistical-model-of-the-sun-s-solar-cycle-a-measurement-o.md) _Context: Sun_
7. [NASA's "New Horizons" spacecraft completes a historic flyby of the dwarf planet Pluto and its five moons. Measurements, along with many high-quality photos and reams of data, were taken, including conclusive information regarding the diameter of Pluto and its moons.](/news/2015/07/14/nasa-s-new-horizons-spacecraft-completes-a-historic-flyby-of-the-dwarf-planet-pluto-and-its-five-moons-measurements-along-with-many-high.md) _Context: Pluto_
8. [NASA's New Horizons spacecraft reawakens at 20:00&nbsp;UTC in preparation for observing the dwarf planet Pluto and its satellites. New Horizons, launched on January 19, 2006, will begin distant observations on January 15, 2015, culminating with its July 14, 2015 closest approach flyby. ](/news/2014/12/6/nasa-s-new-horizons-spacecraft-reawakens-at-20-00-nbsp-utc-in-preparation-for-observing-the-dwarf-planet-pluto-and-its-satellites-new-horiz.md) _Context: Pluto_
9. [Comet ISON breaks up into a cloud of debris after skimming the Sun. ](/news/2013/12/1/comet-ison-breaks-up-into-a-cloud-of-debris-after-skimming-the-sun.md) _Context: Sun_
10. [At least part of Comet C/2012 S1 (also known as Comet Ison) emerged from behind the Sun's corona. ](/news/2013/11/29/at-least-part-of-comet-c-2012-s1-also-known-as-comet-ison-emerged-from-behind-the-sun-s-corona.md) _Context: Sun_
