### [2007-07-14](/news/2007/07/14/index.md)

#  The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/6898551.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Mohamed Haneef, planned car bomb attacks, police_
2. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Mohamed Haneef, planned car bomb attacks, terrorist_
3. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef wins his bid in the Federal Court to have his Australian work visa reinstated after Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews canceled it after Dr Haneef was charged with "providing material support to a terrorist organization." [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010804.htm (ABC News Australia)] Andrews later says the Australian government would appeal against the court ruling. ](/news/2007/08/21/dr-mohamed-haneef-wins-his-bid-in-the-federal-court-to-have-his-australian-work-visa-reinstated-after-immigration-minister-kevin-andrews-ca.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, terrorist_
4. [ The Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions drops the charge of supporting a terrorist organization against Mohamed Haneef. [http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,22143906-2,00.html (News Limited)] Australian Federal Police admits all their main evidence against Haneef was wrong. ](/news/2007/07/27/the-commonwealth-director-of-public-prosecutions-drops-the-charge-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organization-against-mohamed-haneef-http-ww.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, police_
5. [ British detectives continue the hunt for suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs plot. Two doctors are among the seven people currently in custody in the UK in connection with the attacks with another person held in Brisbane, Queensland. ](/news/2007/07/2/british-detectives-continue-the-hunt-for-suspects-in-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the-2007-london-car-bombs-plot-two.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
6. [ The Australian government upgrades its travel alert for the United Kingdom following the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs discovery. ](/news/2007/07/1/the-australian-government-upgrades-its-travel-alert-for-the-united-kingdom-following-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
7. [ "Glasgow International Airport attack:": A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested.: The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated.: COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday.: Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/glasgow-international-airport-attack-a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
8. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash; whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-nakam.md) _Context: police_
9. [Terrorism in Australia: Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-a.md) _Context: police_
10. [Australian Federal Police foil an Islamic State inspired plot to carry out an attack at a World War One centenary event in Melbourne. ](/news/2015/04/18/australian-federal-police-foil-an-islamic-state-inspired-plot-to-carry-out-an-attack-at-a-world-war-one-centenary-event-in-melbourne.md) _Context: police_
