### [2017-08-3](/news/2017/08/3/index.md)

# Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_CHILE_ABORTION?SITE=TNMOR)

### Related:

1. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
2. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: abortion_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: abortion_
4. [Mercosur suspends Venezuela from the South American trading bloc for failing to meet membership requirements on trade and human rights. ](/news/2016/12/2/mercosur-suspends-venezuela-from-the-south-american-trading-bloc-for-failing-to-meet-membership-requirements-on-trade-and-human-rights.md) _Context: South America_
5. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: conservative_
6. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
7. [The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea, and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbean-sea-and-for-the.md) _Context: South America_
8. [The South American trading bloc Mercosur threatens to suspend Venezuela if it does not protect human rights and enact a law guaranteeing the free movement of Mercosur citizens. The bloc sets a deadline of December 1, 2016, for Venezuela to comply with their requirements. ](/news/2016/09/14/the-south-american-trading-bloc-mercosur-threatens-to-suspend-venezuela-if-it-does-not-protect-human-rights-and-enact-a-law-guaranteeing-the.md) _Context: South America_
9. [ The Oklahoma legislature passes a bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions and revokes the medical license of assisting physicians. The governor then vetoes the bill. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-it-a-felony-for-doctors-to-perform-abortions-and-revokes-the-medical-license-of-assi.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [The death toll from the earthquake passes 650 with over 50 people missing. It is now the deadliest earthquake in South America this century. ](/news/2016/04/23/the-death-toll-from-the-earthquake-passes-650-with-over-50-people-missing-it-is-now-the-deadliest-earthquake-in-south-america-this-century.md) _Context: South America_
