### [2017-08-3](/news/2017/08/3/index.md)

# Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 1-1/2 years after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. 

Raytheon Co (RTN.N) on Thursday won the dismissal of a $1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of overbilling the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 1-1/2 years after a federal appeals court revived the case.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-raytheon-decision-idUSKBN1AJ34V?il=0)

### Related:

1. [John Kiriakou, the former CIA agent, who publicly discussed the U.S. government agency's use of waterboarding interrogation techniques, is sentenced to 30 months in prison. An argument that he was a whistleblower was dismissed and he was instead convicted of violating an intelligence law, the first person to be successfully targeted under the statute in 27 years. ](/news/2013/01/25/john-kiriakou-the-former-cia-agent-who-publicly-discussed-the-u-s-government-agency-s-use-of-waterboarding-interrogation-techniques-is-s.md) _Context: U.S. government, whistleblower_
2. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-macaque-owns-its.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: defense contractor_
7. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiffs-states-of-washington-and-m.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: defense contractor_
