### [2017-08-3](/news/2017/08/3/index.md)

# South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. 

South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely and not allow it back until democracy is restored, a Brazilian government source said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-mercosur-idUSKBN1AJ2RI?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
2. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Venezuela, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
3. [Mercosur suspends Venezuela from the South American trading bloc for failing to meet membership requirements on trade and human rights. ](/news/2016/12/2/mercosur-suspends-venezuela-from-the-south-american-trading-bloc-for-failing-to-meet-membership-requirements-on-trade-and-human-rights.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
4. [The South American trading bloc Mercosur threatens to suspend Venezuela if it does not protect human rights and enact a law guaranteeing the free movement of Mercosur citizens. The bloc sets a deadline of December 1, 2016, for Venezuela to comply with their requirements. ](/news/2016/09/14/the-south-american-trading-bloc-mercosur-threatens-to-suspend-venezuela-if-it-does-not-protect-human-rights-and-enact-a-law-guaranteeing-the.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
5. [Mercosur grants full membership for Venezuela. ](/news/2012/07/31/mercosur-grants-full-membership-for-venezuela.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
6. [ The Brazilian Senate condemns Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez for his restrictions on the press, further delaying its Mercosur bid. ](/news/2009/09/4/the-brazilian-senate-condemns-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-for-his-restrictions-on-the-press-further-delaying-its-mercosur-bid.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
7. [ Senator Miguel Carrioza says the Congress of Paraguay is not interested in considering the protocol for Venezuela's incorporation to Mercosur. ](/news/2009/08/7/senator-miguel-carrioza-says-the-congress-of-paraguay-is-not-interested-in-considering-the-protocol-for-venezuelaas-incorporation-to-merc.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
8. [ Paraguay's government withdraws a bill approving Venezuela's incorporation to Mercosur, fearing a defeat in Congress could hurt relations between the two countries. ](/news/2009/08/14/paraguayas-government-withdraws-a-bill-approving-venezuela-s-incorporation-to-mercosur-fearing-a-defeat-in-congress-could-hurt-relations.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
9. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic,  the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in  Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in.md) _Context: Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
10. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
