### [2017-08-3](/news/2017/08/3/index.md)

# West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. 

Trump won all 55 counties in the state, including 43 counties where he received more than 70 percent of votes.


### Source:

1. [Huff Post via MSN.com](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/west-virginia-governor-to-join-switch-parties-join-gop/ar-AApnfe8?ocid=edgsp)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/08/03/why-is-trump-rallying-in-west-virginias-huntington-because-hes-mostly-popular-there/?utm_term=.a91fce5c5a42)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
3. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
4. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
5. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
6. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Democratic, President Trump, Republican_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-homeland-security-secretary-john-f-kelly-will-be-white-house-chief-of-staff-replacing-reince-priebus.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S. President_
8. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
9. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
10. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
