### [2015-08-29](/news/2015/08/29/index.md)

# A legislative commission urges the Congress of Guatemala to remove President Otto Perez Molina's immunity from prosecution over a corruption scandal that has caused former Vice President Roxana Baldetti to be jailed and much of the Cabinet to resign. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/lawmakers-urge-lifting-immunity-guatemalan-president-33405594)

### Related:

1. [Guatemala's Congress unanimously votes to strip President Otto Perez of immunity from prosecution for his alleged role in a graft scandal that has engulfed his government. Nationwide elections are scheduled for Sunday, September 6th; Perez is not eligible because of constitutional term limits.  ](/news/2015/09/1/guatemala-s-congress-unanimously-votes-to-strip-president-otto-pa-c-rez-of-immunity-from-prosecution-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-graft-scandal-t.md) _Context: Guatemala's Congress, Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
2. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: Guatemala's Congress, Guatemalan President, Vice President_
3. [A judge orders that President of Guatemala Otto Perez Molina be detained for his alleged role in a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-judge-orders-that-president-of-guatemala-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-be-detained-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
4. [Thousands of protesters joined a Guatemalan national strike Thursday demanding the resignation of President Otto Perez Molina for corruption. Five of 13 cabinet ministers have resigned since Friday, and Tuesday, the Supreme Court unanimously approved a motion to impeach the president. ](/news/2015/08/27/thousands-of-protesters-joined-a-guatemalan-national-strike-thursday-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-for-corruptio.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
5. [Former Vice President of Guatemala Roxana Baldetti appears in court to face corruption charges as finance minister Dorval Carias resigns. ](/news/2015/08/24/former-vice-president-of-guatemala-roxana-baldetti-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges-as-finance-minister-dorval-caraas-resigns.md) _Context: Roxana Baldetti, Vice President_
6. [Roxana Baldetti, the Vice President of Guatemala, resigns over a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/05/8/roxana-baldetti-the-vice-president-of-guatemala-resigns-over-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Roxana Baldetti, Vice President_
7. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
8. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
9. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including  Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-t.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
10. [The President of Guatemala, Otto Prez Molina, resigns after being charged in a corruption scandal; Vice President Alejandro Maldonado is sworn in as interim head of state. ](/news/2015/09/3/the-president-of-guatemala-otto-perez-molina-resigns-after-being-charged-in-a-corruption-scandal-vice-president-alejandro-maldonado-is-sw.md) _Context: Guatemalan President_
