### [2015-08-29](/news/2015/08/29/index.md)

# Bersih 4 rally. 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. Tens of thousands of Malaysians rally in the capital Kuala Lumpur calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down over a financial scandal where a MYR 2.672 billion (USD 700 million) payment was made to his bank account from unnamed foreign donors. 

Tens of thousands of Malaysians protest in Kuala Lumpur, calling for PM Najib Razak to quit over a financial scandal.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34093338)

### Related:

1. [Bersih 4 rally. There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/bersih-4-rally-there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Bersih 4 rally, Malaysia, Najib Razak_
2. [Bersih 5 rally. Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Najib Razak_
3. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Najib Razak_
4. [Protesters in Malaysia attempt to shut down the "Malaysiakini" newspaper which has been at the center of opposition towards Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/11/7/protesters-in-malaysia-attempt-to-shut-down-the-malaysiakini-newspaper-which-has-been-at-the-center-of-opposition-towards-malaysian-prime.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
5. [Next Malaysian general election. Elections in Malaysia are to occur in 2017 as efforts to challenge the legitimacy of Najib Razak mount. ](/news/2016/09/9/next-malaysian-general-election-elections-in-malaysia-are-to-occur-in-2017-as-efforts-to-challenge-the-legitimacy-of-najib-razak-mount.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
6. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
7. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. Prime Minister Najib Razak gets emergency powers amid a widening scandal about corruption. ](/news/2016/07/27/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-prime-minister-najib-razak-gets-emergency-powers-amid-a-widening-scandal-about-corruption.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Najib Razak_
8. [Terrorism in Malaysia. Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/terrorism-in-malaysia-australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capita.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
9. [ASEAN Summit. United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
10. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Najib Razak_
