### [2015-08-29](/news/2015/08/29/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. 

The UN says &quot;much more is required&quot; to prevent fatalities among migrants fleeing to Europe, after hundreds are reported dead in recent days.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34092932)
2. [CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/migrant-death-toll-rises-to-117-off-libyan-coast-185-still-missing-1.2539025)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
2. [European migrant crisis. More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
3. [European migrant crisis. Rescuers recovered 8 bodies and saved 1400 migrants adrift on the Mediterranean Sea today. ](/news/2016/11/22/european-migrant-crisis-rescuers-recovered-8-bodies-and-saved-1400-migrants-adrift-on-the-mediterranean-sea-today.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
4. [European migrant crisis. Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/european-migrant-crisis-around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
5. [European migrant crisis. The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/european-migrant-crisis-the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-no.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
6. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
7. [Yemeni civil war. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/yemeni-civil-war-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-b.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [European migrant crisis. Bodies of 117 people, including 75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/european-migrant-crisis-bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
9. [European migrant crisis. The United Nations fears that approximately 700 migrants have drowned in three Mediterranean Sea shipwrecks over the past few days. ](/news/2016/05/29/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-nations-fears-that-approximately-700-migrants-have-drowned-in-three-mediterranean-sea-shipwrecks-over-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
10. [European migrant crisis. At least 20 people drown in the southern Mediterranean Sea when a repurposed fishing boat sinks 35 nautical miles north of Zuwara, Libya. ](/news/2016/05/26/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-20-people-drown-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-when-a-repurposed-fishing-boat-sinks-35-nautical-miles-n.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Mediterranean Sea_
