### [2015-08-29](/news/2015/08/29/index.md)

# Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. 

The latest forecast from the center said Erika is expected to weaken and could even dissipate in the next 12 to 24 hours.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/tropical-storm-erika-drenches-cuba-after-wreaking-havoc-on-dominica/a-18681783)
2. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT5+shtml/DDHHMM.shtml?)
3. [Relief Web](http://reliefweb.int/report/cuba/tropical-storm-erika-drenches-parched-cuba)
4. [WTSP](http://www.wtsp.com/story/weather/2015/08/28/florida--erikas-path/71293898/)

### Related:

1. [Haiti acknowledges the immediate international assistance it received from Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela following the recent earthquake and confirms the death toll has reached 150,000. ](/news/2010/01/29/haiti-acknowledges-the-immediate-international-assistance-it-received-from-cuba-the-dominican-republic-and-venezuela-following-the-recent-e.md) _Context: Cuba, Dominican Republic, Haiti_
2. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba, Puerto Rico_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
4. [Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-cuba-and-the-bahamas.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
5. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
6. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
7. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's "Brilliance of the Seas" cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130-m.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
8. [Tropical Storm Fred's predicted track will turn northeast toward the Azores islands off the coast of Portugal as a Tropical Depression. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-fred-s-predicted-track-will-turn-northeast-toward-the-azores-islands-off-the-coast-of-portugal-as-a-tropical-depression.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, tropical depression_
9. [The Prime Minister of Haiti Evans Paul accuses the Dominican Republic of causing a humanitarian crisis by mass deportation of people mainly from Haiti. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-haiti-evans-paul-accuses-the-dominican-republic-of-causing-a-humanitarian-crisis-by-mass-deportation-of-people-mainly.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
10. [Tropical Storm Isaac causes floodings and kills at least three people in Haiti, a nation still recovering from the 2010 earthquake. The storm moves Northwest over east Cuba. ](/news/2012/08/25/tropical-storm-isaac-causes-floodings-and-kills-at-least-three-people-in-haiti-a-nation-still-recovering-from-the-2010-earthquake-the-stor.md) _Context: Cuba, Haiti_
