### [2015-08-29](/news/2015/08/29/index.md)

# South Sudanese Civil War. A ceasefire starts between the forces of President Salva Kiir and rebel forces with claims of breaches already being made. 

South Sudanese President Salva Kiir has ordered all government troops to cease fighting rebel forces as part of a peace agreement, his spokesman said, ahead of a full ceasefire on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/World/2015/Aug-29/313230-south-sudan-government-accuses-rebels-of-ceasefire-violation.ashx)
2. [AFP via ''The Times Live](http://www.timeslive.co.za/africa/2015/08/29/South-Sudan-army-ordered-to-end-fighting-ahead-of-ceasefire)

### Related:

1. [South Sudanese Civil War. Salva Kiir, the President of South Sudan, appoints rebel leader Riek Machar as Vice President in a bid to end a two year civil war. ](/news/2016/02/12/south-sudanese-civil-war-salva-kiir-the-president-of-south-sudan-appoints-rebel-leader-riek-machar-as-vice-president-in-a-bid-to-end-a-tw.md) _Context: Salva Kiir, South Sudanese Civil War_
2. [South Sudanese Civil War. At least 16 people are killed amid fresh fighting in Raga, according to a SPLM-IO spokesperson. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said that over 60 humanitarian aid workers were forced to flee. ](/news/2017/04/15/south-sudanese-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-amid-fresh-fighting-in-raga-according-to-a-splm-io-spokesperson-the-united-nations.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [South Sudanese Civil War. Government-aligned militias kill 16 people during a raid in Wau, South Sudan. ](/news/2017/04/10/south-sudanese-civil-war-government-aligned-militias-kill-16-people-during-a-raid-in-wau-south-sudan.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
4. [South Sudanese Civil War. Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/south-sudanese-civil-war-two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [South Sudanese Civil War. Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/south-sudanese-civil-war-clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [South Sudanese Civil War. According to a military spokesman of the rebel SPLM-IO, at least 115 soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital, Juba. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-sudanese-civil-war-according-to-a-military-spokesman-of-the-rebel-splm-io-at-least-115-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [South Sudanese Civil War. Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-sudanese-civil-war-five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-j.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
8. [The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir, removes Riek Machar from his post as deputy leader and as vice president, and installs Taban Deng Gai in his place. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-president-of-south-sudan-salva-kiir-removes-riek-machar-from-his-post-as-deputy-leader-and-as-vice-president-and-installs-taban-deng.md) _Context: Salva Kiir_
9. [South Sudanese Civil War. The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes. ](/news/2016/07/13/south-sudanese-civil-war-the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-hel.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [South Sudanese Civil War. After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/12/south-sudanese-civil-war-after-five-days-of-fighting-that-left-272-people-dead-and-thousands-more-displaced-in-the-capital-juba-president.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
