### [2012-01-19](/news/2012/01/19/index.md)

# News International pays out compensation to 37 people, including the actor Jude Law and politician John Prescott. over phone hacking by the "News of the World". 

Jude Law and Lord Prescott are among 37 people to receive payouts over phone hacking by the News of the World, the High Court hears.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16629036)

### Related:

1. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others. Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal:. Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, James Murdoch tells the hearing that News International's corporate systems failed to pick up on legal issues posed by its news gathering techniques. ](/news/2012/04/24/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-appearing-before-the-leveson-inquiry-james-murdoch-tells-the-hearing-that-news-international-s-c.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [James Murdoch resigns from News International to focus on running News Limited's television business with the News International phone hacking scandal as a factor in the decision. ](/news/2012/02/29/james-murdoch-resigns-from-news-international-to-focus-on-running-news-limited-s-television-business-with-the-news-international-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [James Murdoch, the chief executive of News International, makes his second appearance before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee, as the News International phone hacking scandal continues. ](/news/2011/11/10/james-murdoch-the-chief-executive-of-news-international-makes-his-second-appearance-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-c.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:. Four former News International executives are recalled by the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee to face further examination over phone hacking within the organisation. ](/news/2011/09/6/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-four-former-news-international-executives-are-recalled-by-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal. The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal. The Metropolitan Police launches Operation Tuleta to investigate allegations of computer hacking by News International journalists. ](/news/2011/07/30/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-metropolitan-police-launches-operation-tuleta-to-investigate-allegations-of-computer-hacking-b.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal:. British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-british-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelation.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
