### [2012-01-19](/news/2012/01/19/index.md)

# Rick Perry drops out of the 2012 Republican Party presidential primaries and endorses rival candidate Newt Gingrich. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57361787-503544/rick-perry-drops-his-presidential-bid/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2012: Newt Gingrich suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Mitt Romney is declared the presumptive nominee. ](/news/2012/05/2/united-states-presidential-election-2012-newt-gingrich-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-mitt-romney-is-declared.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, Republican primaries_
2. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Texas and Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry endorses Donald Trump for president and says he is open to being Trump's vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/05/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-texas-and-republican-presidential-candidate-rick-perry-endorses-donald-trump-f.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Texas Rick Perry announces that he will be a candidate for the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/06/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-texas-rick-perry-announces-that-he-will-be-a-candidate-for-the-republican-part.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
6. [Texas Governor Rick Perry is indicted on felony charges for abuse of power. He is accused of coercing a District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. ](/news/2014/08/15/texas-governor-rick-perry-is-indicted-on-felony-charges-for-abuse-of-power-he-is-accused-of-coercing-a-district-attorney-who-had-been-convi.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
7. [Governor of Texas Rick Perry, the longest serving governor in his home state, announces he will not seek a fourth term. ](/news/2013/07/8/governor-of-texas-rick-perry-the-longest-serving-governor-in-his-home-state-announces-he-will-not-seek-a-fourth-term.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
8. [Voters in the US states of Arkansas and Kentucky go to the polls, with Mitt Romney winning the Republican primaries, and President Barack Obama winning but performing relatively poorly against token opposition in the Democratic primaries. ](/news/2012/05/22/voters-in-the-us-states-of-arkansas-and-kentucky-go-to-the-polls-with-mitt-romney-winning-the-republican-primaries-and-president-barack-ob.md) _Context: Republican primaries_
9. [United States Presidential election:. Voters in the US states of Maryland and Wisconsin as well as Washington, D.C. go to the polls for Republican primaries with Mitt Romney projected as the winner in all three contests. ](/news/2012/04/3/united-states-presidential-election-voters-in-the-us-states-of-maryland-and-wisconsin-as-well-as-washington-d-c-go-to-the-polls-for-repu.md) _Context: Republican primaries_
10. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:. Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: Republican primaries_
