### [2006-04-19](/news/2006/04/19/index.md)

#  White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan announces his resignation. Karl Rove is expected to lose his position as Deputy Chief of Staff for political development. President George W. Bush tries to shake up his cabinet because of the mid-term elections in November. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4923384.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Scott McClellan, White House Press Secretary_
2. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove, Scott McClellan_
3. [ Karl Rove, Deputy White House Chief of Staff and George W. Bush's leading political adviser, tells the "Wall Street Journal" that he intends to resign at the end of August. ](/news/2007/08/13/karl-rove-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-and-george-w-bush-s-leading-political-adviser-tells-the-wall-street-journal-that-he-intend.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush criticises the disclosure of a program to monitor financial transactions by suspected terrorists as "disgraceful". White House Press Secretary Tony Snow also states that news organizations, including the "New York Times," should think if "the public's right to know, in some cases, might override somebody's right to live..." ](/news/2006/06/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-criticises-the-disclosure-of-a-program-to-monitor-financial-transactions-by-suspected-terrorists-as-disgrace.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House Press Secretary_
6. [ "Time" correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser-to.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Karl Rove_
7. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secre.md) _Context: White House Press Secretary_
8. [Executive Order 13769: White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, during the daily press briefing, says State Department officials should follow the President's program or get new jobs . ](/news/2017/01/30/executive-order-13769-white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-during-the-daily-press-briefing-says-state-department-officials-should-foll.md) _Context: White House Press Secretary_
9. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
