### [2007-04-12](/news/2007/04/12/index.md)

#  Governor of New Jersey Jon Corzine suffers numerous serious injuries resulting from a hit and run car accident on the Garden State Parkway in Galloway Township. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [WPVI](http://abclocal.go.com/wpvi/story?section=local&id=5193567)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articleinvesting.aspx?type=bondsNews&storyID=2007-04-12T225120Z_01_N12386537_RTRIDST_0_PEOPLE-CORZINE-URGENT.XML)

### Related:

1. [ A police report shows that New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine was not wearing a seatbelt during the hit and run car accident that injured him the day before. ](/news/2007/04/13/a-police-report-shows-that-new-jersey-governor-jon-corzine-was-not-wearing-a-seatbelt-during-the-hit-and-run-car-accident-that-injured-him.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor, car accident, hit and run_
2. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
3. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html (''Daily Mail'')] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
4. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. ](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
5. [In the U.S., the Agriculture Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives votes to issue a subpoena to Jon Corzine, former Governor of New Jersey, in connection with the collapse of MF Global and the disappearance of customer funds. ](/news/2011/12/2/in-the-u-s-the-agriculture-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-issue-a-subpoena-to-jon-corzine-former-governor-of-new.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey_
6. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
7. [ New Jersey Governor Jon S. Corzine signs a bill granting civil unions to same-sex couples, with all the rights and privileges of marriage. New Jersey becomes the third U.S. state to offer civil unions, and the fifth to offer some version of marriage to gay couples. ](/news/2006/12/21/new-jersey-governor-jon-s-corzine-signs-a-bill-granting-civil-unions-to-same-sex-couples-with-all-the-rights-and-privileges-of-marriage.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey_
8. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I've seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey Governor_
9. [ 2005 United States elections. In the off-year elections, Democrats Tim Kaine and Jon Corzine are elected governor of Virginia and New Jersey, respectively. ](/news/2005/11/8/2005-united-states-elections-in-the-off-year-elections-democrats-tim-kaine-and-jon-corzine-are-elected-governor-of-virginia-and-new-jerse.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey Governor_
10. [ United States Senator Jon Corzine wins the New Jersey Democratic Party gubernatorial primary. Doug Forrester, a former mayor, wins the New Jersey Republican Party gubernatorial primary after a heated contest with another former mayor, Bret Schundler. The November 2005 election will be the first since Governor James McGreevey resigned over a scandal in which he was revealed to be homosexual. ](/news/2005/06/7/united-states-senator-jon-corzine-wins-the-new-jersey-democratic-party-gubernatorial-primary-doug-forrester-a-former-mayor-wins-the-new.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, New Jersey_
