### [2007-04-12](/news/2007/04/12/index.md)

#  Premier of the People's Republic of China Wen Jiabao urges Japan to admit to their actions in World War II during a landmark address to the Diet of Japan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6547199.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Premier of the People's Republic of China Wen Jiabao arrives in Japan for a summit visit that could help improve bilateral relations. He is the first Chinese Premier to visit Japan in almost seven years. ](/news/2007/04/11/premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-wen-jiabao-arrives-in-japan-for-a-summit-visit-that-could-help-improve-bilateral-relations-he-is.md) _Context: Japan, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
2. [ The Foreign Minister of China, Li Zhaoxing, is visiting Japan hoping to improve bilateral relations between the nations. The Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao will visit Japan in April. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-foreign-minister-of-china-li-zhaoxing-is-visiting-japan-hoping-to-improve-bilateral-relations-between-the-nations-the-chinese-prime.md) _Context: Japan, Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
3. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Diet, Japan, World War II_
4. [Japan-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
5. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
6. [Kuril Islands dispute. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/kuril-islands-dispute-russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-gr.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
7. [Japan commemorates the 70th anniversary of the atomic bomb dropped over the Japanese city of Nagasaki during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/9/japan-commemorates-the-70th-anniversary-of-the-atomic-bomb-dropped-over-the-japanese-city-of-nagasaki-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
8. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
9. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
10. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
