### [2007-04-12](/news/2007/04/12/index.md)

#  Several candidates in the first round of the East Timor presidential elections, including the Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta, have called for a recount amid allegations of voting irregularities. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6547641.stm)

### Related:

1. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: East Timor, Jose Ramos-Horta_
2. [Mario Viegas CarrascalGBPo resigns as the Deputy Prime Minister of East Timor leaving the Prime Minister Xanana GusmGBPo without a majority in the Parliament. ](/news/2010/09/10/ma-rio-viegas-carrascalagbpo-resigns-as-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-east-timor-leaving-the-prime-minister-xanana-gusmagbpo-without-a-majori.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister of East Timor_
3. [ President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/02/11/2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http://news.theage.com.au/ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt/20080211-1rgx.html ("Melbourne Age")] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-leader-alfredo-reinhado-who-led-the-attack-i.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
4. [ A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister of East Timor_
5. [ East Timorese presidential election, 2007: it is announced that Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta won the election against Francisco Guterres of Fretilin by 69% to 31%. ](/news/2007/05/11/east-timorese-presidential-election-2007-it-is-announced-that-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-won-the-election-against-francisco-guterres.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
6. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
7. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
8. [ Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta announces he is running for president. ](/news/2007/02/25/prime-minister-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-announces-he-is-running-for-president.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
9. [ Mar Alkatiri resigns as Prime Minister of East Timor after weeks of political unrest. ](/news/2006/06/26/mari-alkatiri-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-east-timor-after-weeks-of-political-unrest.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister of East Timor_
10. [ Jos Ramos-Horta resigns as both Foreign and Interim Defence Minister of East Timor amidst ongoing political turmoil. ](/news/2006/06/25/jose-ramos-horta-resigns-as-both-foreign-and-interim-defence-minister-of-east-timor-amidst-ongoing-political-turmoil.md) _Context: East Timor, Jose Ramos-Horta_
