### [2007-04-12](/news/2007/04/12/index.md)

#  The Bush administration admits that it may be missing e-mails related to the dismissal of eight United States Attorneys as the Senate Judiciary Committee authorises chairman Patrick Leahy to subpoena documents related to the issue. 




### Source:

1. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/04/12/news/justice.php)

### Related:

1. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-adv.md) _Context: subpoena_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boe.md) _Context: subpoena_
3. [Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination. The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court-nomination-the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supr.md) _Context: Senate Judiciary Committee_
4. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: chief federal prosecutors_
5. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016. Kurt Eichenwald claims that Donald Trump and his businesses have been destroying documents, even in ongoing court cases and under subpoena, during the last decades. ](/news/2016/10/31/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-kurt-eichenwald-claims-that-donald-trump-and-his-businesses-have-been-destroying-documents-even-i.md) _Context: subpoena_
6. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: subpoena_
7. [U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy writes to Internet Service Providers asking them to commit to net neutrality, that is, to refrain from engaging in "paid prioritization." ](/news/2014/10/1/u-s-senator-patrick-leahy-writes-to-internet-service-providers-asking-them-to-commit-to-net-neutrality-that-is-to-refrain-from-engaging-i.md) _Context: Patrick Leahy_
8. [The U.S. Attorney's office in Los Angeles, California announces that Scott London, former senior partner with KPMG, has agreed to plead guilty on charges involving insider trading. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-los-angeles-california-announces-that-scott-london-former-senior-partner-with-kpmg-has-agreed-to-plead-guil.md) _Context: chief federal prosecutors_
9. [The United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary approves immigration reform legislation that would give citizenship to millions living in the country illegally. ](/news/2013/05/21/the-united-states-senate-committee-on-the-judiciary-approves-immigration-reform-legislation-that-would-give-citizenship-to-millions-living-i.md) _Context: Senate Judiciary Committee_
10. [Google will pay a $7 million penalty to settle an investigation into the collection of e-mails, passwords and other sensitive information sent over wireless networks from 2007-2010 in the United States. Google company cars taking street-level photos for its online mapping service also had been vacuuming up personal data transmitted over wireless networks that weren't protected by passwords. ](/news/2013/03/9/google-will-pay-a-7-million-penalty-to-settle-an-investigation-into-the-collection-of-e-mails-passwords-and-other-sensitive-information-se.md) _Context: e-mail_
