### [2009-01-18](/news/2009/01/18/index.md)

#  The Republic of China (Taiwan) distributes shopping vouchers to all its 22.7 million citizens as part of a US$2.53-billion plan to stimulate the economy. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hQx1_TbhWYP7Igkt6oAtzC-AIfRQ)

### Related:

1. [ The premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan), Liu Chao-shiuan, and his cabinet resign due to criticism and public anger over the slow handling of the disaster during Typhoon Morakot. ](/news/2009/09/7/the-premier-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-liu-chao-shiuan-and-his-cabinet-resign-due-to-criticism-and-public-anger-over-the-slow-hand.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
2. [ Cross-Strait relations: The government of the Republic of China, more commonly known as Taiwan, has announced the name change of a number of state-owned enterprises, including Chunghwa Telecom, Chunghwa Post, China Shipbuilding Corporation and Chinese Petroleum Corporation to use the name Taiwan in their titles.  ](/news/2007/02/9/cross-strait-relations-p-the-government-of-the-republic-of-china-more-commonly-known-as-taiwan-has-announced-the-name-change-of-a-number.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ The President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian will be accompanied by his foreign minister as well as Roman Catholic and Muslim religious figures for the trip to attend the funeral of Pope John Paul II. ](/news/2005/04/7/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-will-be-accompanied-by-his-foreign-minister-as-well-as-roman-catholic-and-mu.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
6. [ The Mainland Affairs Council of the Republic of China (Taiwan) bans reporters from the People's Daily and Xinhua from Taiwan, saying the mainland's state-controlled media "tried to present their people with a distorted image of Taiwan". ](/news/2005/04/10/the-mainland-affairs-council-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-bans-reporters-from-the-people-s-daily-and-xinhua-from-taiwan-saying-the-ma.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
8. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
9. [  Spratly Islands:  The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-r.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan_
10. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: US$_
