### [2016-04-7](/news/2016/04/7/index.md)

# Donald Trump endorsements: Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani endorses Donald Trump for U.S. President, predicting Trump will get more than 50% of the statewide vote. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/rudy-giuliani-im-gonna-vote-for-trump/)

### Related:

1. [Anti-Trump protests: Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/anti-trump-protests-protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
2. [Anti-Trump protests: Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Rudy Giuliani_
4. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016: The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-depart.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
5. [ The Libyan government pitches a tent in suburban New York on land rented from Donald Trump that leader Muammar al-Gaddafi may use for entertaining, but local officials order workers to stop the construction, saying it "violated several codes and laws of the town of Bedford". ](/news/2009/09/23/the-libyan-government-pitches-a-tent-in-suburban-new-york-on-land-rented-from-donald-trump-that-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-may-use-for-enter.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
6. [ U.S. Presidential Election, 2008: Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) officially files for candidacy for President of the United States of America. ](/news/2007/02/5/u-s-presidential-election-2008-former-new-york-city-mayor-rudy-giuliani-r-officially-files-for-candidacy-for-president-of-the-united-s.md) _Context: New York City, Rudy Giuliani_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
