### [2016-04-7](/news/2016/04/7/index.md)

# Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani endorses Donald Trump for U.S. President, predicting Trump will get more than 50% of the statewide vote. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/rudy-giuliani-im-gonna-vote-for-trump/)

### Related:

1. [Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York's_
2. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York's_
3. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Rudy Giuliani_
4. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York's_
5. [ U.S. Presidential Election, 2008: Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) officially files for candidacy for President of the United States of America. ](/news/2007/02/5/u-s-presidential-election-2008-former-new-york-city-mayor-rudy-giuliani-r-officially-files-for-candidacy-for-president-of-the-united-s.md) _Context: New York's, Rudy Giuliani_
6. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
