### [2016-04-7](/news/2016/04/7/index.md)

# Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. 

The federal lawsuit also challenges a provision that mandates an aborted fetus be buried or cremated


### Source:

1. [CBS News with AP](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/planned-parenthood-aclu-sue-indiana-over-new-abortion-law/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-indiana-plannedparenthood-lawsuit-idUSKCN0X427N)

### Related:

1. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks. The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union, Indiana_
2. [United States District Court judge Tanya Walton Pratt halts enforcement of an Indiana state law cutting funding for Planned Parenthood and other organisations that provide abortions. ](/news/2011/06/24/united-states-district-court-judge-tanya-walton-pratt-halts-enforcement-of-an-indiana-state-law-cutting-funding-for-planned-parenthood-and-o.md) _Context: Indiana, Planned Parenthood_
3. [Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels cuts government funding for Planned Parenthood because it provides abortions. ](/news/2011/05/10/indiana-governor-mitch-daniels-cuts-government-funding-for-planned-parenthood-because-it-provides-abortions.md) _Context: Indiana, Planned Parenthood_
4. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
5. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Indiana_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Indiana_
7. [Obamacare repeal efforts. Paul Ryan announces that the Republican party will, as part of its efforts to repeal Obamacare, seek to stop using federal money to fund Planned Parenthood. ](/news/2017/01/5/obamacare-repeal-efforts-paul-ryan-announces-that-the-republican-party-will-as-part-of-its-efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-seek-to-stop-using.md) _Context: Planned Parenthood_
8. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump announces that his team has made a deal with Carrier Corporation that would save around 1,000 jobs at an Indiana factory. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2016/11/30/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-that-his-team-has-made-a-deal-with-carrier-corporation-that.md) _Context: Indiana_
9. [Republican Party vice presidential candidate selection, 2016. Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/republican-party-vice-presidential-candidate-selection-2016-donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-runn.md) _Context: Indiana_
10. [2016 United States presidential election. 2016 Republican National Convention. The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/2016-united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-national-convention-the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
