### [2016-04-7](/news/2016/04/7/index.md)

# The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. 




### Source:

1. [Jackson Free Press](http://www.jacksonfreepress.com/news/2016/apr/08/mississippi-hospitality-group-starting-everyones-w/)

### Related:

1. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States, Mississippi_
2. [Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant approves a new law that allows religious groups and private businesses to deny services to gay and transgender people. ](/news/2016/04/5/mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-approves-a-new-law-that-allows-religious-groups-and-private-businesses-to-deny-services-to-gay-and-transgen.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States, Phil Bryant's_
3. [ The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-full-7th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-chicago-rules-8-3-that-the-1964-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-employees-from-workplace-dis.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
4. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
5. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Mississippi_
6. [Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that  rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. ](/news/2016/04/13/louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-signs-an-anti-discrimination-order-protecting-the-rights-of-gay-and-transgender-people-that-rescinds-on.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: Mississippi_
8. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [Officials report the casualties from yesterday's  spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes-delayed-and-canc.md) _Context: Phil Bryant's_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Mississippi_
