### [2016-04-7](/news/2016/04/7/index.md)

# United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron admits he benefited from a Panama-based offshore trust, Blairmore Holdings Inc., set up by his late father. Cameron says he divested himself of his shares, for PS31,500 (US$44,300), before becoming prime minister in 2010. 

PM sold stake in Blairmore investment fund, which featured in Panama Papers, for £31,500 four months before entering No 10


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/uks-cameron-says-he-did-profit-from-dads-offshore-holdings/2016/04/07/7114cc60-fcff-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/07/david-cameron-admits-he-profited-fathers-offshore-fund-panama-papers)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/04/07/world/europe/ap-offshore-accounts-investigation-the-latest.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron releases his tax records in an effort to remove discussion about his personal wealth from the current political discourse. His initial reluctance to admit he had benefited from his  late father's offshore Panama Papers holdings still seems to be affecting the upcoming European Union referendum. Unfortunately for the PM, the main Sunday newspapers in the U.K. tell of a gift of 200,000 pounds ($282,500) from his mother in 2011, suggesting it may have been a way of avoiding inheritance tax. ](/news/2016/04/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-releases-his-tax-records-in-an-effort-to-remove-discussion-about-his-personal-wealth-from-the-current-p.md) _Context: David Cameron, Panama Papers, Prime Minister_
2. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
3. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
4. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
5. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
6. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
7. [Thousands of people protest in Whitehall calling on British Prime Minister David Cameron to resign over his financial affairs and his handling of them in relation to revelations made by the leak of the Panama Papers. ](/news/2016/04/9/thousands-of-people-protest-in-whitehall-calling-on-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-resign-over-his-financial-affairs-and-his-handli.md) _Context: David Cameron, Panama Papers_
8. [El Salvador officials seize documents and equipment during a raid of the local offices of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca. Attorney General Douglas Melendez says authorities interviewed seven employees, and confiscated 20 computers and some documents. ](/news/2016/04/8/el-salvador-officials-seize-documents-and-equipment-during-a-raid-of-the-local-offices-of-panamanian-law-firm-mossack-fonseca-attorney-gene.md) _Context: Panama, Panama Papers_
9. [The government of Panama announces that it is creating an "international panel" to help improve transparency in its offshore financial industry. The move follows the leak of millions of documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, showing it helped some clients evade tax and avoid sanctions. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-government-of-panama-announces-that-it-is-creating-an-international-panel-to-help-improve-transparency-in-its-offshore-financial-indus.md) _Context: Panama, Panama Papers_
10. [France places Panama back on its list of countries that do not cooperate in catching tax evaders. "France has decided to put Panama back on the list of uncooperative countries, with all the consequences that will have for those who have transactions" with the Central American state, Finance Minister Michel Sapin, told Parliament on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/5/france-places-panama-back-on-its-list-of-countries-that-do-not-cooperate-in-catching-tax-evaders-france-has-decided-to-put-panama-back-on.md) _Context: Panama, Panama Papers_
