### [2005-10-21](/news/2005/10/21/index.md)

#  A ceremony is held in Portsmouth, UK, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar; other events include the Queen Elizabeth II lighting one of many nationwide beacons. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4361064.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom firmly warns newspaper editors in a letter to cease publication of personal pictures of the British Royal Family after years of being "hounded" by paparazzi. ](/news/2009/12/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-firmly-warns-newspaper-editors-in-a-letter-to-cease-publication-of-personal-pictures-of-the-britis.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth, United Kingdom_
2. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom celebrates her 83rd birthday at Trooping the Colour. ](/news/2009/06/13/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-celebrates-her-83rd-birthday-at-trooping-the-colour.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth, United Kingdom_
3. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth, United Kingdom_
4. [ The Dresden Frauenkirche (Church of Our Lady), a Protestant Church in Dresden, Germany is re-consecrated. The church was destroyed during the bombing of Dresden in World War II. The remains of the church had been left untouched by the government of East Germany as an anti-war monument. Some 60,000 people celebrated the reopening. Both Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and German President Horst Khler said that the rebuilding was a 'symbol of reconciliation'. ](/news/2005/10/30/the-dresden-frauenkirche-church-of-our-lady-a-protestant-church-in-dresden-germany-is-re-consecrated-the-church-was-destroyed-during-t.md) _Context: Queen Elizabeth, United Kingdom_
5. [ In Portsmouth, UK, the parents of a brain-damaged baby   won a partial victory in their legal battle to have her resuscitated by doctors if she falls seriously ill. ](/news/2005/10/21/in-portsmouth-uk-the-parents-of-a-brain-damaged-baby-won-a-partial-victory-in-their-legal-battle-to-have-her-resuscitated-by-doctors-if.md) _Context: Portsmouth, United Kingdom_
6. [ Spinnaker Tower in Portsmouth is formally opened. Five years overdue and massively over budget, the tower offers the highest public vantage point in the UK. Project manager David Greenhalgh becomes trapped in the tower's external glass lift for over an hour at the opening. ](/news/2005/10/18/spinnaker-tower-in-portsmouth-is-formally-opened-five-years-overdue-and-massively-over-budget-the-tower-offers-the-highest-public-vantage.md) _Context: Portsmouth, United Kingdom_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom with Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May battling in a tight race to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-jeremy-corbyn-and-theresa-may-battling-in-a-tight-race-to-become-prime-minister.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
