### [2005-10-21](/news/2005/10/21/index.md)

#  A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200510/s1487274.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The United States recalls its ambassador to Syria, Margaret Scobey, in protest of alleged Syrian involvement in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.  ](/news/2005/02/15/the-united-states-recalls-its-ambassador-to-syria-margaret-scobey-in-protest-of-alleged-syrian-involvement-in-the-assassination-of-former.md) _Context: Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria, assassinated_
2. [ The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/11/1/the-united-nations-security-council-passed-a-unsc-resolution-s-res-1636-2005-which-requests-urgently-and-forcefully-syria-s-full-cooper.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria, assassinated_
3. [ President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not cooperate with a United Nations tribunal to try suspects in the suspected assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq al-Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/10/president-bashar-al-assad-states-that-syria-will-not-cooperate-with-a-united-nations-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-suspected-assassinatio.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations, assassinated_
4. [ In Lebanon, a roadside bomb seriously wounds Lt. Col. Samir Shehade, a Lebanese police officer and kills four of his aides. Shehade was involved in the August 2005 arrest of four pro-Syrian Lebanese generals, on suspicion of involvement in the February 2005 assassination of former Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2006/09/5/in-lebanon-a-roadside-bomb-seriously-wounds-lt-col-samir-shehade-a-lebanese-police-officer-and-kills-four-of-his-aides-shehade-was-inv.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria_
5. [ A United Nations investigation has concluded that Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon, was killed by a truck bomb. ](/news/2005/06/17/a-united-nations-investigation-has-concluded-that-rafik-hariri-the-former-prime-minister-of-lebanon-was-killed-by-a-truck-bomb.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
6. [ In Lebanon, almost one million people have flooded a Beirut square, in front of the United Nations building, in a rally showing their support for Syria, dwarfing previous anti-Syria demonstrations. ](/news/2005/03/8/in-lebanon-almost-one-million-people-have-flooded-a-beirut-square-in-front-of-the-united-nations-building-in-a-rally-showing-their-suppo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations_
7. [ In Lebanon, Michel Abu Arraj, a judge investigating the murder of Rafik Hariri, asks to step down from the case prior to public announcement of the results of the United Nations investigation. ](/news/2005/03/23/in-lebanon-michel-abu-arraj-a-judge-investigating-the-murder-of-rafik-hariri-asks-to-step-down-from-the-case-prior-to-public-announcemen.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
8. [ In Lebanon, United Nations team that investigates murder of Rafik Hariri, completes its mission. They will present their findings to secretary general Kofi Annan in New York ](/news/2005/03/15/in-lebanon-united-nations-team-that-investigates-murder-of-rafik-hariri-completes-its-mission-they-will-present-their-findings-to-secret.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
