### [2014-01-5](/news/2014/01/5/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A sniper kills a man and six people are wounded in clashes between districts in Tripoli, Lebanon, that support rival sides in neighboring Syria's civil war. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/05/us-syria-crisis-lebanon-idUSBREA040AA20140105)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.](/news/2015/01/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-attack-by-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-official-affiliate-in-syria-at-a-cafa-c-in-tripoli-le.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, Tripoli, Lebanon_
2. [Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon:. Six people are killed in Lebanon's northern city of Tripoli on Saturday in exchanges of fire between neighborhoods which support rival sides in Syria's civil war. ](/news/2013/11/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-six-people-are-killed-in-lebanon-s-northern-city-of-tripoli-on-saturday-in-exchanges-of-fire-between.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, Tripoli, Lebanon_
3. [Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon:. Two people are killed in the northern city of Tripoli in fighting between supporters and opponents of the Syrian government and the Lebanese army. ](/news/2013/10/28/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-two-people-are-killed-in-the-northern-city-of-tripoli-in-fighting-between-supporters-and-opponents-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon, Tripoli, Lebanon_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
5. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
6. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Army and the al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2014/12/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-unidentified-gunmen-kill-6-lebanese-soldiers-near-the-eastern-town-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A suicide bomber kills three soldiers at a Lebanese army checkpoint in the border town of Arsal close to the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/03/29/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-soldiers-at-a-lebanese-army-checkpoint-in-the-border-town-of-arsal-clos.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
