### [2007-05-21](/news/2007/05/21/index.md)

#  The Battle of Nahr al-Bared continues at the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon for a second successive day. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/05/21/lebanon.violence/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Battle of Nahr al-Bared: Fighting breaks out between Fatah al-Islam militants and Lebanese soldiers at the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon. ](/news/2007/05/20/battle-of-nahr-al-bared-fighting-breaks-out-between-fatah-al-islam-militants-and-lebanese-soldiers-at-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-in-tr.md) _Context: Battle of Nahr al-Bared, Nahr al-Bared, Tripoli, Lebanon, refugee_
2. [ 2007 Lebanon conflict: Fatah al-Islam fighters attempt an escape from the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp north of Tripoli, Lebanon with at least 41 people being killed in fighting and many being injured and captured by the Lebanese army. ](/news/2007/09/2/2007-lebanon-conflict-p-fatah-al-islam-fighters-attempt-an-escape-from-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-north-of-tripoli-lebanon-with-at-lea.md) _Context: Nahr al-Bared, Tripoli, Lebanon_
3. [ The Lebanese army has resumed shelling Fatah al-Islam positions inside the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp near Tripoli. All of the refugees have left the camp after recent fighting. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-lebanese-army-has-resumed-shelling-fatah-al-islam-positions-inside-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-near-tripoli-all-of-the-refugees-hav.md) _Context: Nahr al-Bared, Tripoli, Lebanon_
4. [An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast-of-yemen-killing-at-least-40-of.md) _Context: refugee_
5. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: refugee_
7. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: refugee_
8. [Italian refugee documentary ''Fire at Sea'', directed by Gianfranco Rosi, wins the   66th Berlin International Film Festival's Golden Bear award for best film. ](/news/2016/02/20/italian-refugee-documentary-fire-at-sea-directed-by-gianfranco-rosi-wins-the-66th-berlin-international-film-festival-s-golden-bear-a.md) _Context: refugee_
9. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: refugee_
10. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper ''Dagens Industri'' that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported  in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum.md) _Context: refugee_
