### [2007-05-21](/news/2007/05/21/index.md)

#  United States Presidential Election, 2008: Bill Richardson, the Democratic Governor of New Mexico, officially declares his candidacy for president in Los Angeles, California. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/politics/la-na-richardson22may22,1,7799175.story?coll=la-news-politics-national)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. election 2008: Bill Richardson, currently the Democratic Governor of New Mexico, announces his candidacy for United States president. ](/news/2007/01/21/u-s-election-2008-bill-richardson-currently-the-democratic-governor-of-new-mexico-announces-his-candidacy-for-united-states-president.md) _Context: 2008, Bill Richardson, Democrats, Governor of New Mexico_
2. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: California, Democrats, President_
3. [ Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mccain-becoming-the-first-african-am.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, President_
4. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, President_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, President_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. ](/news/2007/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-barack-obama-d-il-officially-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-during-a-speech-at.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, President_
7. [ U.S. election 2008: Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) officially announces her presidential bid with an exploratory committee. ](/news/2007/01/20/u-s-election-2008-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-officially-announces-her-presidential-bid-with-an-exploratory-committee.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, President_
8. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Democrats, President_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democrats, President_
10. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a 21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-va.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
