### [2013-10-11](/news/2013/10/11/index.md)

# An Israeli man is killed and his wife injured after an attack by Palestinian militants inside their house on the West Bank. 

An Israeli man was killed and his wife injured in what appeared to be an attack by Palestinian militants outside their home in a West Bank settlement overnight Friday, Israeli officials said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/11/us-israel-palestinians-attack-idUSBRE99A04A20131011)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [West Bank: UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemns the Palestinian Itamar attack that stabbed and murdered an Israeli family of five. ](/news/2011/03/13/west-bank-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-condemns-the-palestinian-itamar-attack-that-stabbed-and-murdered-an-israeli-family-of-five.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [Brazil recognizes the State of Palestine based on borders at the time of Israel's 1967 conquest of the West Bank. ](/news/2010/12/5/brazil-recognizes-the-state-of-palestine-based-on-borders-at-the-time-of-israel-s-1967-conquest-of-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [Jewish settlers in the West Bank set fire to the Muslim Al-Anbiaa mosque in Beit Fajjar area near the Palestinian city of Bethlehem. Its rug ground and some parts of the Qur'an are burnt and anti-Islamic and anti-Palestinian slogans are written. ](/news/2010/10/4/jewish-settlers-in-the-west-bank-set-fire-to-the-muslim-al-anbiaa-mosque-in-beit-fajjar-area-near-the-palestinian-city-of-bethlehem-its-rug.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [Palestinians stone an Israeli car travelling through the West Bank resulting in a 12-year-old being injured. ](/news/2010/09/2/palestinians-stone-an-israeli-car-travelling-through-the-west-bank-resulting-in-a-12-year-old-being-injured.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
