### [2016-11-5](/news/2016/11/5/index.md)

#  A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.

Exclusive: Self-declared Republican who sparked Nevada security scare says he was attacked for silently showing a sign he printed from the web


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-rushed-off-stage-at-campaign-rally-in-reno/)
2. [Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/06/trump-protester-i-was-beaten-for-holding-a-republicans-against-trump-sign)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/11/05/donald-trump-rushed-off-stage-nevada-rally/93372724/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
3. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
4. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
5. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
6. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
7. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
8. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
9. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
10. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump's, R_
