### [2015-06-24](/news/2015/06/24/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives votes 247-180 to allow states to opt out of Barack Obama's carbon emissions reduction if the state governor believes compliance would increase electricity bills too much or have an adverse effect on reliability of supply. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/urn:publicid:ap.org:f8c8be3b6e2a42919b84084a4295a101)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
6. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. ](/news/2011/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-addresses-the-nation-about-the-2011-tucson-shooting-following-a-visit-to-representative-gabr.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ Administration of United States President-elect Barack Obama: Republican Party Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois is nominated as the next Secretary of Transportation. ](/news/2008/12/19/administration-of-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-p-republican-party-representative-ray-lahood-of-illinois-is-nominated-as-the-n.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
