### [2015-06-24](/news/2015/06/24/index.md)

# The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. 

President Obama tells his French counterpart, Francois Hollande, that the US is no longer spying on France after the latest Wikileaks revelations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33253639)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/41FD/production/_83839861_obama.jpg)

### Related:

1. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
2. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, U.S._
4. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-ministe.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, U.S._
8. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
10. [An Arabian camel gifted to President of France Francois Hollande for liberating Mali is killed and stewed by a family in Timbuktu, in whose care Hollande had left it. ](/news/2013/04/10/an-arabian-camel-gifted-to-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-for-liberating-mali-is-killed-and-stewed-by-a-family-in-timbuktu-in-whose.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
