### [2015-06-24](/news/2015/06/24/index.md)

# The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. 

The Senate today gave final approval to the trade promotion authority bill by a vote of 60 to 38, then proceeded to invoke cloture on the trade adjustment assistance


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/102785680)
2. [The Hagstrom Report via Tri-State Livestock News](http://www.tsln.com/news/16964210-113/senate-approves-tpa-and-taa-bills)
3. [US Senate Democrats](http://democrats.senate.gov/2015/06/24/wrap-up-for-wednesday-june-24-2015/#.VZJ0n4fbK70)

### Related:

1. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Trans-Pacific Partnership, United States Senate_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
3. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama's death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitionas-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
4. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
5. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Trans-Pacific Partnership_
7. [The United States Senate passes legislation to allow President Barack Obama to fast track trade negotiations with other countries. ](/news/2015/05/22/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-allow-president-barack-obama-to-fast-track-trade-negotiations-with-other-countries.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
8. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
9. [2013 ricin attacks:Further suspicious letters are found addressed to President Barack Obama and to members of the United States Senate. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-ricin-attacks-pfurther-suspicious-letters-are-found-addressed-to-president-barack-obama-and-to-members-of-the-united-states-senate.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
10. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States Senate_
