### [2008-10-9](/news/2008/10/9/index.md)

#  Nobel Prize: French writer Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clezio is announced the winner of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Literature.




### Related:

1. [ Nobel Prize: The 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine goes to Harald zur Hausen of Germany for his discovery of the human papilloma viruses that can cause cervical cancer in women, and Francoise Barre-Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier of France for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV. ](/news/2008/10/6/nobel-prize-p-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medicine-goes-to-harald-zur-hausen-of-germany-for-his-discovery-of-the-human-papilloma.md) _Context: France, Nobel Prize_
2. [ The other 2005 Nobel Prizes are handed out in Stockholm to Barry J. Marshall and Robin Warren (Physiology or Medicine), Roy J. Glauber and John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hnsch (Physics), Robert H. Grubbs, Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin (Chemistry), Robert J. Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling (Economics), and Harold Pinter (Literature). ](/news/2005/12/10/the-other-2005-nobel-prizes-are-handed-out-in-stockholm-to-barry-j-marshall-and-robin-warren-physiology-or-medicine-roy-j-glauber-and.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Literature_
3. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer.  Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: France_
4. [Francois Bayrou resigns as France's Minister of Justice amid an ongoing investigation into the centrist Democratic Movement (MoDem)'s alleged fraudulent employment of parliamentary assistants. ](/news/2017/06/21/franassois-bayrou-resigns-as-france-s-minister-of-justice-amid-an-ongoing-investigation-into-the-centrist-democratic-movement-modem-s-alleg.md) _Context: France_
5. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: France_
6. [Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seats-in-the-national-assembly-yet-to-b.md) _Context: France_
7. [Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-legislative-election-to-begin-choosi.md) _Context: France_
8. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France_
9. [France bans the breeding of killer whales and dolphins in captivity and orders aquariums and water parks to expand their pools within three years following a campaign by animal rights groups. ](/news/2017/05/7/france-bans-the-breeding-of-killer-whales-and-dolphins-in-captivity-and-orders-aquariums-and-water-parks-to-expand-their-pools-within-three.md) _Context: France_
10. [Colombey authorities report the tomb of French national hero Charles de Gaulle has been vandalized. ](/news/2017/05/27/colombey-authorities-report-the-tomb-of-french-national-hero-charles-de-gaulle-has-been-vandalized.md) _Context: France_
