### [2008-10-9](/news/2008/10/9/index.md)

#  The U.S. National Security Agency is accused of listening to Americans' private phone conversations.

Despite pledges by President George W. Bush and American intelligence officials to the contrary, hundreds of US citizens overseas have been eavesdropped on as part of the U.S. terrorist surveillance program, according to two former military intercept operators who say they listened to private phone...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/Story?id=5987804&page=1)

### Related:

1. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-acute-lymp.md) _Context: U.S._
2. [The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-challenge-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
3. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
6. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
7. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
8. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
9. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
