### [2015-01-27](/news/2015/01/27/index.md)

# American 1964 Nobel Prize-winning physicist Charles Hard Townes, who helped invent the now-ubiquitous laser, dies at the age of 99. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c168e7c542de4c5f83b23a9dc98aede5/laser-co-creator-charles-townes-nobel-laureate-dies)

### Related:

1. [ Nobel Prize: The 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded Yoichiro Nambu for the discovery of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics, and Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature.](/news/2008/10/7/nobel-prize-p-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-physics-is-awarded-yoichiro-nambu-for-the-discovery-of-the-mechanism-of-spontaneous-broken-symmetry-i.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Physics_
2. [ Nobel Prize: United States economist Paul Krugman wins the 2008 Nobel Prize in Economics for "analysis of trade patterns and location of economic activity".](/news/2008/10/13/nobel-prize-p-united-states-economist-paul-krugman-wins-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-economics-for-analysis-of-trade-patterns-and-location-of-e.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, United States_
3. [ United States scientists John C. Mather and George Smoot win the Nobel Prize in physics for research into cosmic microwave background radiation that helps explain the origins of galaxies and stars. ](/news/2006/10/3/united-states-scientists-john-c-mather-and-george-smoot-win-the-nobel-prize-in-physics-for-research-into-cosmic-microwave-background-radia.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physics, United States_
4. [ The other 2005 Nobel Prizes are handed out in Stockholm to Barry J. Marshall and Robin Warren (Physiology or Medicine), Roy J. Glauber and John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hnsch (Physics), Robert H. Grubbs, Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin (Chemistry), Robert J. Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling (Economics), and Harold Pinter (Literature). ](/news/2005/12/10/the-other-2005-nobel-prizes-are-handed-out-in-stockholm-to-barry-j-marshall-and-robin-warren-physiology-or-medicine-roy-j-glauber-and.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Physics_
5. [The United States shoots down a pro-Syrian government drone that was flying toward U.S.-led coalition forces in southern Syria. There were no injuries or damage. An American official said this was first time forces supporting Damascus had attacked coalition troops, and that it came shortly after the U.S. bombed Syrian government and allied troops near the  town of Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-shoots-down-a-pro-syrian-government-drone-that-was-flying-toward-u-s-led-coalition-forces-in-southern-syria-there-were-n.md) _Context: United States_
6. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: United States_
7. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: United States_
