### [2012-03-29](/news/2012/03/29/index.md)

# Iranian-born Israeli politician Shaul Mofaz is elected as leader of the Kadima party and Israel's leader of opposition. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/national/shaul-mofaz-beats-livni-in-kadima-leadership-primaries-1.421130)

### Related:

1. [Akram Hasson becomes leader of Israel's former government party Kadima and thus the first Druze ever to lead a Jewish party. ](/news/2015/01/28/akram-hasson-becomes-leader-of-israel-s-former-government-party-kadima-and-thus-the-first-druze-ever-to-lead-a-jewish-party.md) _Context: Israel, Kadima_
2. [Next Israeli legislative election: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reaches an agreement with the Head of Opposition Shaul Mofaz for Kadima to join the current government, thus canceling the early election supposed to be held in September. ](/news/2012/05/8/next-israeli-legislative-election-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-reaches-an-agreement-with-the-head-of-opposition-shaul-mofaz-for-kadima.md) _Context: Kadima, Shaul Mofaz_
3. [ In Israel, the centrist Kadima party forms a coalition government with the left-leaning Labor party. ](/news/2006/04/27/in-israel-the-centrist-kadima-party-forms-a-coalition-government-with-the-left-leaning-labor-party.md) _Context: Israel, Kadima_
4. [ Israel's defense minister Shaul Mofaz says that the Hamas PNA prime minister-designate, Ismail Haniyeh, may be subject to an Israeli targeted killing if Hamas resumes attacks against Israel. ](/news/2006/03/7/israel-s-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-says-that-the-hamas-pna-prime-minister-designate-ismail-haniyeh-may-be-subject-to-an-israeli-target.md) _Context: Israel, Shaul Mofaz_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomb attack kills at least five people in Netanya, north-western Israel. The attack follows confirmation from Shaul Mofaz that Israel will resume its policy of "targeted killings". ](/news/2005/12/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomb-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-netanya-north-western-israel-the-attack-follows-confirm.md) _Context: Israel, Shaul Mofaz_
6. [ Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz announces that private homes in the Gaza strip settlements will not be demolished after the disengagement plan. Religious structures such as synagogues, Mikveh baths and cemeteries will be dismantled and transferred inside the "Green line". ](/news/2005/04/8/israeli-defence-minister-shaul-mofaz-announces-that-private-homes-in-the-gaza-strip-settlements-will-not-be-demolished-after-the-disengagem.md) _Context: Israel, Shaul Mofaz_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
