### [2012-03-29](/news/2012/03/29/index.md)

# Police in Ankara fire tear gas and water cannons on thousands of demonstrators. 

Demonstrators in Ankara protested a bill proposed by government that seeks to boost the influence of Islamic schools.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/03/201232920153676163.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident. Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Ankara_
2. [2016-17 Turkish purges. About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/2016-17-turkish-purges-about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges.md) _Context: Ankara_
3. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara.md) _Context: Ankara_
4. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov. Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Ankara_
5. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov. The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Ankara_
6. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/march-2016-ankara-bombing-turkey-s-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-w.md) _Context: Ankara_
7. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. An explosion occurs in central Ankara, Turkey, with at least 34 people killed and 125 wounded. ](/news/2016/03/13/march-2016-ankara-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-central-ankara-turkey-with-at-least-34-people-killed-and-125-wounded.md) _Context: Ankara_
8. [February 2016 Ankara bombing. Military vehicles explode outside a Turkish Armed Forces barracks in Ankara, Turkey, killing at least 28 people and injuring 61 others. Authorities believe a car bomb caused the blast. A senior Turkish security source says initial signs indicate that the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) are responsible. ](/news/2016/02/17/february-2016-ankara-bombing-military-vehicles-explode-outside-a-turkish-armed-forces-barracks-in-ankara-turkey-killing-at-least-28-peopl.md) _Context: Ankara_
9. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish police detain seven ISIS-linked suspects in simultaneous operations in Ankara. ](/news/2015/11/15/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-police-detain-seven-isis-linked-suspects-in-simultaneous-operations-in-ankara.md) _Context: Ankara_
10. [2015 Ankara bombings. Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group - based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border - is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/2015-ankara-bombings-ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-based-in-gaziantep-n.md) _Context: Ankara_
