### [2005-08-20](/news/2005/08/20/index.md)

#  Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the President of Indonesia, ordered the national intelligence agency and police to investigate after a power outage left about 100 million people without electricity. (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [Australia and Indonesia sign a code of conduct to govern diplomatic ties following revelations in late 2013 that Australia's Defence Signals Directorate had tapped the phones of the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. ](/news/2014/08/28/australia-and-indonesia-sign-a-code-of-conduct-to-govern-diplomatic-ties-following-revelations-in-late-2013-that-australia-s-defence-signals.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
2. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of  President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-pindonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
3. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
4. [The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemns the beheading of an Indonesian maid in Saudi Arabia and condemns the Saudi Government of breaking the "norms and manners" of international relations. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-condemns-the-beheading-of-an-indonesian-maid-in-saudi-arabia-and-condemns-the-saudi-gove.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
5. [Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono arrives in Canberra for his "symbolic" three-day visit to Australia. ](/news/2010/03/9/indonesian-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-arrives-in-canberra-for-his-symbolic-three-day-visit-to-australia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
6. [ The President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, is declared as the winner of the Indonesian presidential election. ](/news/2009/07/24/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-is-declared-as-the-winner-of-the-indonesian-presidential-election.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
7. [ A shutdown at the Turkey Point Nuclear Generating Station causes a loss of electricity for millions in Florida. ](/news/2008/02/26/a-shutdown-at-the-turkey-point-nuclear-generating-station-causes-a-loss-of-electricity-for-millions-in-florida.md) _Context: Electricity, power outage_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush visits Indonesia to meet with the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono with large crowds protesting US foreign policy. ](/news/2006/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-visits-indonesia-to-meet-with-the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-with-la.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
9. [ Memorial services around the world, including one in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, attended by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, mark the first anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which saw 275,000 people killed or left missing. ](/news/2005/12/26/memorial-services-around-the-world-including-one-in-banda-aceh-indonesia-attended-by-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-mark-the-first.md) _Context: Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
10. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of  casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-building.md) _Context: Indonesia_
