### [2005-10-9](/news/2005/10/9/index.md)

#  In the Polish presidential election, frontrunner Donald Tusk of the liberal (libertarian) Civic Platform party receives approximately 35.8% of the vote, slightly ahead of Lech Kaczynski of the conservative Law and Justice Party with 33.3%. A run-off election between Tusk and Kaczynski will take place on October 23. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4323608.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Law and Justice Party, Lech Kaczynski_
2. [ The second round of the Polish Presidential election is held today between conservative candidates Lech Kaczynski and Donald Tusk. According to exit polls conducted by Polish television stations, Kaczynski is the winner. ](/news/2005/10/23/the-second-round-of-the-polish-presidential-election-is-held-today-between-conservative-candidates-lech-kaczyaski-and-donald-tusk-accordi.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Lech Kaczynski, Polish Presidential election_
3. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appro.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Law and Justice Party_
4. [Polish parliamentary election, 2015. Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/polish-parliamentary-election-2015-official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-k.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Lech Kaczynski_
5. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
6. [ Donald Tusk, leader of the Civic Platform party, is sworn in as Prime Minister of Poland in coalition with the Polish People's Party. ](/news/2007/11/16/donald-tusk-leader-of-the-civic-platform-party-is-sworn-in-as-prime-minister-of-poland-in-coalition-with-the-polish-people-s-party.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
7. [ Polish Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski is conceding defeat as exit polls give Donald Tusk's Civic Platform a large lead over his ruling nationalists in the parliamentary elections. ](/news/2007/10/21/polish-prime-minister-jaroslaw-kaczynski-is-conceding-defeat-as-exit-polls-give-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-a-large-lead-over-his-ruling-n.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
8. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Lech Kaczynski_
9. [ Polish parliamentary election, 2005: As predicted by polls, support for Prime Minister Marek Belka's post-communist Alliance of the Democratic Left drops sharply to about 11%, while center-right opposition parties Law and Justice and Civic Platform will obtain about 28% and 26%, respectively. ](/news/2005/09/25/polish-parliamentary-election-2005-as-predicted-by-polls-support-for-prime-minister-marek-belka-s-post-communist-alliance-of-the-democra.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Law and Justice Party_
10. [Politics of Poland. Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party_
