### [2005-10-9](/news/2005/10/9/index.md)

#  United Kingdom: Former actress and current Labour MP Glenda Jackson announces she intends to stand against Tony Blair in a leadership bid if he doesn't stand down in the near future. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4323978.stm)
2. [Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=2063622005)

### Related:

1. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, MP_
2. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, MP_
3. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.: Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.: Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.: Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.: Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.: Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Tony Blair_
4. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair makes his final speech at a Labour Party Conference. ](/news/2006/09/26/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-makes-his-final-speech-at-a-labour-party-conference.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Tony Blair_
5. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Tony Blair_
6. [ The UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has apologised to Walter Wolfgang, an 82-year old Labour Party activist thrown out of the party's annual conference by stewards for heckling Jack Straw. He was controversially arrested under anti-terrorist legislation. ](/news/2005/09/29/the-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-has-apologised-to-walter-wolfgang-an-82-year-old-labour-party-activist-thrown-out-of-the-party-s-annual-c.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Tony Blair_
7. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Tony Blair_
8. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
10. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom. A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
