### [2010-07-10](/news/2010/07/10/index.md)

# Between 1.1 and 1.5 million people, according to organisers, and 56000 demonstrators, according to spanish protesters-counting specialized company ''Lynce'', demonstrate in central Barcelona demanding greater autonomy for Catalonia within Spain. 

More than a million people take part in a rally in north-eastern Spain seeking greater autonomy for the Catalan region.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jzBcvEgVXvM39v1U16fSCNkHQmIA)
2. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10588494.stm)
3. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/Catalans-rally-in-Barcelona-for-greater-autonomy-within-Spain/articleshow/6153278.cms)

### Related:

1. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
2. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
4. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
5. [The Catalan Parliament  passes a resolution calling for  the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-sa.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
6. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
7. [Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist-parties-to-gain-a-majority-which-they-cl.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
8. [A Germanwings flight crashes en route from Barcelona, Spain, to Dusseldorf, Germany, in a mountainous region of the Alps near Digne-les-Bains in  Southern France leaving 150 dead. Rescue workers recover the damaged, but still usable, cockpit voice recorder. ](/news/2015/03/24/a-germanwings-flight-crashes-en-route-from-barcelona-spain-to-da1-4sseldorf-germany-in-a-mountainous-region-of-the-alps-near-digne-les-bai.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
9. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
10. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
