### [2010-07-10](/news/2010/07/10/index.md)

# UEFA President Michel Platini is released from hospital. 

Michel&#x20;Platini,&#x20;the&#x20;head&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;Union&#x20;of&#x20;European&#x20;Football&#x20;Associations,&#x20;was&#x20;released&#x20;from&#x20;a&#x20;Johannesburg&#x20;hospital&#x20;on&#x20;Saturday&#x20;after&#x20;remaining&#x20;overnight.&#x20;Platini&#x20;took&#x20;ill&#x20;while&#x20;dining&#x20;at&#x20;a&#x20;local&#x20;restaurant&#x20;on&#x20;Friday.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100709-johannesburg-south-africa-uefa-president-platini-taken-hospital-after-fainting-restaurant)

### Related:

1. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: Michel Platini, UEFA_
2. [UEFA President Michel Platini announces that the administrative body is considering scrapping the Europa League in favour of an extended Champions League. A proposal may involve extending the final phase of the Champions League from 32 to 64 teams from 2015, with the final decision to be made in 2014. ](/news/2012/11/27/uefa-president-michel-platini-announces-that-the-administrative-body-is-considering-scrapping-the-europa-league-in-favour-of-an-extended-cha.md) _Context: Michel Platini, UEFA_
3. [UEFA fines the Russian Football Union EUR150,000 (US$168,000) for the violence that broke out between Russian and English supporters in Marseille on June 11. UEFA also warned that any further misconduct will disqualify the Russian team. ](/news/2016/06/14/uefa-fines-the-russian-football-union-a-150-000-us-168-000-for-the-violence-that-broke-out-between-russian-and-english-supporters-in-mars.md) _Context: UEFA_
4. [The Football Federation of Kosovo becomes the 55th member of UEFA following a secret ballot at the 40th Ordinary UEFA Congress in Budapest.](/news/2016/05/3/the-football-federation-of-kosovo-becomes-the-55th-member-of-uefa-following-a-secret-ballot-at-the-40th-ordinary-uefa-congress-in-budapest.md) _Context: UEFA_
5. [Former President of FIFA Sepp Blatter and suspended President of UEFA boss Michel Platini lose their appeals against being banned from all football related activities but the period of the ban is reduced from eight to six years. ](/news/2016/02/24/former-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter-and-suspended-president-of-uefa-boss-michel-platini-lose-their-appeals-against-being-banned-from-all-f.md) _Context: Michel Platini_
6. [In association football, Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and Manchester City F.C. are fined EUR60 million by UEFA for breaches of the Fair Play regulations. ](/news/2014/05/16/in-association-football-paris-saint-germain-f-c-and-manchester-city-f-c-are-fined-a-60-million-by-uefa-for-breaches-of-the-fair-play-reg.md) _Context: UEFA_
7. [In association football, Gibraltar is accepted as a full UEFA member at the organization's XXVIII congress. ](/news/2013/05/24/in-association-football-gibraltar-is-accepted-as-a-full-uefa-member-at-the-organization-s-xxviii-congress.md) _Context: UEFA_
8. [Fallout of Manchester United v. Real Madrid:UEFA backs Turkish referee Cuneyt Cakir over his controversial decision to red card Manchester United's Nani in last night's elimination by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) at the feet of Real Madrid in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie at Old Trafford. ](/news/2013/03/6/fallout-of-manchester-united-v-real-madrid-puefa-backs-turkish-referee-ca1-4neyt-aaka-r-over-his-controversial-decision-to-red-card-manchest.md) _Context: UEFA_
9. [In association football, the draw for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification is held in Nyon, Switzerland. ](/news/2013/01/31/in-association-football-the-draw-for-the-2015-uefa-european-under-21-football-championship-qualification-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland.md) _Context: UEFA_
10. [UEFA announces details of Euro 2020: it is to be held in 13 cities across Europe with no more than one venue per country permitted: the semi-finals and final are to be played in the same stadium and the venues are to be chosen in September next year. ](/news/2013/01/25/uefa-announces-details-of-euro-2020-it-is-to-be-held-in-13-cities-across-europe-with-no-more-than-one-venue-per-country-permitted-the-semi.md) _Context: UEFA_
