### [2002-09-23](/news/2002/09/23/index.md)

#  Spratly Islands: The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.




### Related:

1. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said. In addition to China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Brunei, Malaysia, Spratly Islands, Taiwan, Vietnam_
2. [The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-all-of-the-south-china-se.md) _Context: Malaysia, Philippines, Vietnam_
3. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam_
4. [China reiterates its claim over the disputed Spratly Islands after Vietnam and the Philippines protest over Chinese naval activity in their waters. ](/news/2011/03/8/china-reiterates-its-claim-over-the-disputed-spratly-islands-after-vietnam-and-the-philippines-protest-over-chinese-naval-activity-in-their.md) _Context: Philippines, Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
5. [ Tropical Storm Pabuk causes deadly landslides in the Philippines before hitting Taiwan causing power cuts. This comes after floods from another tropical storm kill 34 in central Vietnam. ](/news/2007/08/8/tropical-storm-pabuk-causes-deadly-landslides-in-the-philippines-before-hitting-taiwan-causing-power-cuts-this-comes-after-floods-from-ano.md) _Context: Philippines, Taiwan, Vietnam_

### Changes:

1. [ Spratly Islands: The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-r.md) _2017-08-25 03:15:15 (First version)_
1. [ Spratly Islands: The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-ric.md) _(Current version)_
