### [2002-09-23](/news/2002/09/23/index.md)

#  Stock market downturn of 2002: Global indices sink heavily today, with the Nasdaq falling 3% to a 6-year low of 1,184.94. The yield of the U.S. Treasury's 10-year bond sank to a 40-year low of 3.70%, with the 2-year bond yield falling to a record low of 1.89%. Meanwhile, concern of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq pushed oil prices to over $30 a barrel, not seen since February 2001.




### Related:

1. [ Stock market downturn of 2002: Nasdaq falls 1.8% to 1119.40, the Dow Jones Industrial Average index falls 1.4% to 7422.84, and the S&P falls 1.91% to 785.28, levels not reached since August 1996, mid-1997, and spring of 1997 respectively.](/news/2002/10/7/stock-market-downturn-of-2002-nasdaq-falls-1-8-to-1119-40-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-index-falls-1-4-to-7422-84-and-the-s-p-fall.md) _Context: Nasdaq, Stock market downturn of 2002_
2. [ Stock market downturn of 2002: U.S. indices continue heavy losses from the previous week and fall by over three percent on the day, NASDAQ falling below its July 23 low.](/news/2002/08/5/stock-market-downturn-of-2002-u-s-indices-continue-heavy-losses-from-the-previous-week-and-fall-by-over-three-percent-on-the-day-nasdaq.md) _Context: Nasdaq, Stock market downturn of 2002_
3. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Treasury Department imposes sanctions on six Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group satellite companies following a recent Iranian rocket launch that the U.S. says breached United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/07/28/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-treasury-department-imposes-sanctions-on-six-shahid-hemmat-industrial-group-satellite-comp.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
4. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
5. [Russia-United States relations: The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/russia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-a.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
6. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
7. [Tax inversion: The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/tax-inversion-the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
8. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad-s government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assad-s-government-and-has.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
9. [The U.S. Treasury Department sanctions Syrian businessman George Haswani who "serves as a middleman" for oil purchases by the Syrian government from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. His company, an engineering and construction firm, is also sanctioned. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-u-s-treasury-department-sanctions-syrian-businessman-george-haswani-who-serves-as-a-middleman-for-oil-purchases-by-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
10. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
