### [2007-02-3](/news/2007/02/3/index.md)

#  American football: Michael Irvin, Thurman Thomas, Gene Hickerson, Bruce Matthews, Charlie Sanders and Roger Wehrli are selected for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

Gene Hickerson, Michael Irvin, Bruce Matthews, Charlie Sanders, Thurman Thomas and Roger Wehrli were voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/news/story?id=2753109)

### Related:

1. [2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season (American football) Lamar Jackson of the Louisville Cardinals wins the Heisman Trophy. At 19, Jackson is the youngest ever winner of the Trophy. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-ncaa-division-i-fbs-football-season-american-football-p-lamar-jackson-of-the-louisville-cardinals-wins-the-heisman-trophy-at-19-jack.md) _Context: American football_
2. [Attorneys for 80-year old American pro football legend and Hall of Famer Paul Hornung, who has dementia, sue Riddell sports equipment manufacturer, stating its helmets failed to protect Hornung from brain injury. The suit says Hornung suffered multiple concussions as a player and his neurodegenerative disease has been linked to repetitive head trauma. ](/news/2016/07/7/attorneys-for-80-year-old-american-pro-football-legend-and-hall-of-famer-paul-hornung-who-has-dementia-sue-riddell-sports-equipment-manufa.md) _Context: Hall of Famer_
3. [In American football, a United States appeals court has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's appeal for his role in the Deflategate controversy. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-american-football-a-united-states-appeals-court-has-denied-new-england-patriots-quarterback-tom-brady-s-appeal-for-his-role-in-the-defla.md) _Context: American football_
4. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
5. [In American football, the National Football League starts its draft for the 2016 NFL season with the Los Angeles Rams choosing Jared Goff with the first pick. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-starts-its-draft-for-the-2016-nfl-season-with-the-los-angeles-rams-choosing-jared-goff-wi.md) _Context: American football_
6. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: American football_
7. [The National Football League's top health and safety official acknowledges a link between American football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-national-football-league-s-top-health-and-safety-official-acknowledges-a-link-between-american-football-and-chronic-traumatic-encephalop.md) _Context: American football_
8. [In American football, the Denver Broncos defeat the Carolina Panthers 24-10 in Super Bowl 50. Broncos outside linebacker Von Miller is named as the game's Most Valuable Player.  ](/news/2016/02/7/in-american-football-the-denver-broncos-defeat-the-carolina-panthers-24a10-in-super-bowl-50-broncos-outside-linebacker-von-miller-is-nam.md) _Context: American football_
9. [In American football, the Alabama Crimson Tide defeat the Clemson Tigers 45-40 to win the College Football Playoff National Championship. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-american-football-the-alabama-crimson-tide-defeat-the-clemson-tigers-45-40-to-win-the-college-football-playoff-national-championship.md) _Context: American football_
10. [Deflategate: In American football, the National Football League finds that two New England Patriots employees intentionally deflated footballs used in the American Football Conference game against the Indianapolis Colts and that quarterback Tom Brady was generally aware of the deflation. ](/news/2015/05/6/deflategate-in-american-football-the-national-football-league-finds-that-two-new-england-patriots-employees-intentionally-deflated-footbal.md) _Context: American football_
