### [2007-02-3](/news/2007/02/3/index.md)

#  Catania football violence: After calls from Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi to cancel all matches, Italian Football Federation commissioner Luca Pancalli indefinitely suspends all football matches in Italy while an investigation into riots on February 2, during which a 38-year-old police officer was killed and 71 people were injured, begins. [http://football.guardian.co.uk/continentalfootball/story/0,,2005154,00.html (The Guardian)] (Wikinews) 




### Related:

1. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi officially hands in his resignation to President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. Berlusconi was defeated by Romano Prodi in the April 9-10 elections, but Ciampi has asked him to remain in office, "for the handling of current affairs". ](/news/2006/05/2/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-officially-hands-in-his-resignation-to-president-carlo-azeglio-ciampi-berlusconi-was-defeated-by.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
2. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
3. [English football sexual abuse scandal: Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/english-football-sexual-abuse-scandal-four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-i.md) _Context: association football_
4. [ More details emerge on the rescue of Olympiacos and Mexico international footballer Alan Pulido, kidnapped in Ciudad Victoria on May 28. He escaped by overpowering a captor left alone with him. ](/news/2016/05/30/more-details-emerge-on-the-rescue-of-olympiacos-and-mexico-international-footballer-alan-pulido-kidnapped-in-ciudad-victoria-on-may-28-he.md) _Context: association football_
5. [Twenty people are killed after a bus carrying amateur football players and fans plunges into a river in Veracruz, eastern Mexico. ](/news/2016/01/10/twenty-people-are-killed-after-a-bus-carrying-amateur-football-players-and-fans-plunges-into-a-river-in-veracruz-eastern-mexico.md) _Context: association football_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: A bombing at a football match in the town on Mubi in northeastern Nigeria kills at least 40 people. ](/news/2014/06/1/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-a-bombing-at-a-football-match-in-the-town-on-mubi-in-northeastern-nigeria-kills-at-least-40-people.md) _Context: association football_
7. [Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta resigns after less than a year in office, following pressure from his own Democratic Party to step down. ](/news/2014/02/14/italian-prime-minister-enrico-letta-resigns-after-less-than-a-year-in-office-following-pressure-from-his-own-democratic-party-to-step-down.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
8. [Singapore police arrest 14 people in Singapore in relation to alleged match fixing in football matches, including alleged financier and organiser Dan Tan Seet Eng. ](/news/2013/09/19/singapore-police-arrest-14-people-in-singapore-in-relation-to-alleged-match-fixing-in-football-matches-including-alleged-financier-and-orga.md) _Context: association football_
9. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is found guilty of abusing his power and having sex with an underage prostitute, and is sentenced to seven years in prison. ](/news/2013/06/24/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-found-guilty-of-abusing-his-power-and-having-sex-with-an-underage-prostitute-and-is-sent.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
10. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid -10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of -4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: association football_
