### [2007-02-3](/news/2007/02/3/index.md)

#  Hassan Nasrallah, head of Hezbollah, openly states for the first time that the governments of Iran and Syria are supporting Hezbollah financially, with weapons, and with training, and "everybody knows it." 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?c=JPArticle&cid=1170359771711&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Iran, Syria_
2. [Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that-if-they-did-so-he.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Syria_
3. [Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/friends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Syria_
4. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Iran_
5. [ White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said in a statement that "We are therefore increasingly concerned by mounting evidence that the Syrian and Iranian governments, Hezbollah, and their Lebanese allies are preparing plans to topple Lebanon's democratically elected government," and that "We're making it clear to everybody in the region that we think that there ought to be hands off the [Prime Minister Fouad] Siniora government; let them go about and do their business.](/news/2006/11/1/white-house-press-secretary-tony-snow-said-in-a-statement-that-we-are-therefore-increasingly-concerned-by-mounting-evidence-that-the-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Syria_
6. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Syria_
7. [ Hezbollah, a militant Lebanese group backed by Syria and Iran, fires artillery toward Israeli border posts, drawing return fire. It was the first such exchange in eight months. ](/news/2003/08/8/hezbollah-a-militant-lebanese-group-backed-by-syria-and-iran-fires-artillery-toward-israeli-border-posts-drawing-return-fire-it-was-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Syria_
8. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
10. [Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-border-with-syria.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
