### [2007-10-22](/news/2007/10/22/index.md)

#  The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) demands general elections in Pakistan in two months time.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [  The Electoral College of Pakistan elects Asif Ali Zardari of the Pakistan Peoples Party as the next President of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/09/6/the-electoral-college-of-pakistan-elects-asif-ali-zardari-of-the-pakistan-peoples-party-as-the-next-president-of-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan Peoples Party_
2. [ 37 people are killed in a suicide car bombing in Pakistan's tribal region after a meeting of  the Pakistan Peoples Party, reports say. ](/news/2008/02/16/37-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-car-bombing-in-pakistan-s-tribal-region-after-a-meeting-of-the-pakistan-peoples-party-reports-say.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan Peoples Party_
3. [ The Pakistani government releases 500 members of Pakistan Peoples Party it detained prior to return of opposition leader Asif Zardari. Zardari hopes to have dialogue with the government. ](/news/2005/04/18/the-pakistani-government-releases-500-members-of-pakistan-peoples-party-it-detained-prior-to-return-of-opposition-leader-asif-zardari-zard.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan Peoples Party_
4. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan_
5. [Over 150 people die and dozens are injured, many critically, when an oil tanker truck overturns and explodes as people from surrounding villages gather around the truck to collect the spilling oil. The accident happened in Bahawalpur, eastern Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/25/over-150-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-many-critically-when-an-oil-tanker-truck-overturns-and-explodes-as-people-from-surrounding-vill.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [Gunmen open fire on construction workers at Gwadar Port, Pakistan, killing at least 10 people. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/13/gunmen-open-fire-on-construction-workers-at-gwadar-port-pakistan-killing-at-least-10-people-the-balochistan-liberation-army-claimed-respo.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [An attack occurs at a Sufi shrine near Sargodha, Pakistan, killing more than 20 people. Authorities arrest a main suspect and several others. ](/news/2017/04/2/an-attack-occurs-at-a-sufi-shrine-near-sargodha-pakistan-killing-more-than-20-people-authorities-arrest-a-main-suspect-and-several-others.md) _Context: Pakistan_
