### [2009-06-19](/news/2009/06/19/index.md)

#  Scotland Yard investigates the expenses of five Labour MPs in Britain. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/breaking-news/world-news/europe/scotland-yard-investigates-mps-over-expenses-1781337.html)

### Related:

1. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland Yard_
2. [ 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot:: A terrorist plot to blow up planes in mid-flight from the UK to the US has been disrupted, Scotland Yard has said. ](/news/2006/08/10/2006-transatlantic-aircraft-plot-a-terrorist-plot-to-blow-up-planes-in-mid-flight-from-the-uk-to-the-us-has-been-disrupted-scotland-yard.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland Yard_
3. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:: The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4720979.stm (BBC)]: Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland Yard_
4. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain_
