### [2003-07-9](/news/2003/07/9/index.md)

#  The U.S. government announces that two more officials of the defeated Iraqi government on the U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis were taken into custody on Tuesday. Mizban Khadr al-Hadi was a high-ranking member of Iraq's Baath Party Regional Command and Revolutionary Command Council, and Mahmud Dhiyab al-Ahmad was a former Interior Minister.




### Related:

1. [ Syrian parliamentary election, 2007: Syria's ruling coalition, the Baath Party-led National Progressive Front, wins the vast majority of seats in the People's Council, with the opposition boycotting the process claiming it as a farce. ](/news/2007/04/26/syrian-parliamentary-election-2007-syria-s-ruling-coalition-the-baath-party-led-national-progressive-front-wins-the-vast-majority-of-se.md) _Context: Baath Party_
2. [ Taha Yassin Ramadan, former Baathist Vice President of Iraq and the "Ten of Diamonds" in the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards, is hanged in Baghdad for his role in the Dujail killings. ](/news/2007/03/20/taha-yassin-ramadan-former-baathist-vice-president-of-iraq-and-the-ten-of-diamonds-in-the-most-wanted-iraqi-playing-cards-is-hanged-in.md) _Context: Baath Party_
3. [ The Iraqi government prepares a law that may see former Baath Party supporters restored to their former jobs. ](/news/2006/11/6/the-iraqi-government-prepares-a-law-that-may-see-former-baath-party-supporters-restored-to-their-former-jobs.md) _Context: Baath Party_
4. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: most-wanted list of former top officials_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: United States Central Command military officials confirm that Mahmoud Diyab al-Ahmed, the Iraqi Minister of Interior was in its custody. He occupies the number 29 position on the U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis. The Iraqi Minister of Interior surrendered to coalition forces yesterday. He was the "seven of spades" on the deck of cards distributed to U.S. troops.](/news/2003/08/9/occupation-of-iraq-united-states-central-command-military-officials-confirm-that-mahmoud-diyab-al-ahmed-the-iraqi-minister-of-interior-wa.md) _Context: most-wanted list of former top officials_
6. [ Rihab Rashid Taha, the alleged Iraqi biological weapons chief known as "Dr Germ", is taken into custody. She is not on the U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis because she has been out of power for several years.](/news/2003/05/12/rihab-rashid-taha-the-alleged-iraqi-biological-weapons-chief-known-as-dr-germ-is-taken-into-custody-she-is-not-on-the-u-s-list-of-mos.md) _Context: most-wanted list of former top officials_
