### [2003-11-2](/news/2003/11/2/index.md)

#  The Yukos crisis continues, and Dmitry Medvedev, the new Chief of Staff of the Russian president, warns of risks to the economy. Following his appointment, the siloviks continue to dominate Putin's administration in a larger degree than in the Boris Yeltsin and Mikhail Gorbachev years.




### Related:

1. [ Former Yukos chief Mikhail Khodorkovsky applies for parole in a bid to challenge Russian President Dmitry Medvedev to follow through on promises to build an independent judiciary, his lawyers said. ](/news/2008/07/16/former-yukos-chief-mikhail-khodorkovsky-applies-for-parole-in-a-bid-to-challenge-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-to-follow-through-on-pro.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Yukos_
2. [President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-americaas-adversaries-through-sanctions-act-prime-minister-of-russia-dmi.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
3. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
4. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
5. [The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits the disputed Kuril Islands prompting a protest from Japan. ](/news/2015/08/22/the-prime-minister-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-visits-the-disputed-kuril-islands-prompting-a-protest-from-japan.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
6. [Five Russian lawmakers have asked the Prosecutor General of Russia, Yury Chaika, to investigate whether former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev should face charges for his role in the breakup of the Soviet Union. ](/news/2014/04/10/five-russian-lawmakers-have-asked-the-prosecutor-general-of-russia-yury-chaika-to-investigate-whether-former-soviet-leader-mikhail-gorbach.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev_
7. [Supreme Court of Russia releases Platon Lebedev, a business partner of Russian magnate and former head of Yukos Mikhail Khodorkovsky, after he spent more than 10 years in jail. ](/news/2014/01/23/supreme-court-of-russia-releases-platon-lebedev-a-business-partner-of-russian-magnate-and-former-head-of-yukos-mikhail-khodorkovsky-after.md) _Context: Yukos_
8. [Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for Russian punk band Pussy Riot to be freed, saying that their further imprisonment is "unproductive". ](/news/2012/09/13/russian-prime-minister-dmitry-medvedev-calls-for-russian-punk-band-pussy-riot-to-be-freed-saying-that-their-further-imprisonment-is-unprod.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
9. [Kofi Annan and a special UN peace envoy meet with President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev to discuss adopting a harder stance on Syria and Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/03/25/kofi-annan-and-a-special-un-peace-envoy-meet-with-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-to-discuss-adopting-a-harder-stance-on-syria-and-basha.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
10. [Former President of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev says that the Russian authorities must acknowledge the recent street protests, annul the results of Sunday's parliamentary election and hold a new poll. ](/news/2011/12/7/former-president-of-the-soviet-union-mikhail-gorbachev-says-that-the-russian-authorities-must-acknowledge-the-recent-street-protests-annul.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev_
