### [2017-04-24](/news/2017/04/24/index.md)

# 2017 French presidential election. Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. 

Marine Le Pen says she will be above &quot;partisan considerations&quot; as she seeks the French presidency.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39696861)

### Related:

1. [Politics of France. France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. ](/news/2017/06/30/politics-of-france-france-s-national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-is-under-investigation-for-alleged-misuse-of-european-union-funding.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
2. [French presidential election, 2017. Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
3. [2017 French presidential election. Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/2017-french-presidential-election-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen_
4. [2017 French presidential election. The campaign period officially ends. French citizens living overseas begin voting a day ahead of when the polls open in France. Final opinion polling gives Emmanuel Macron a slight lead over Marine Le Pen. Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon are close behind. ](/news/2017/04/22/2017-french-presidential-election-the-campaign-period-officially-ends-french-citizens-living-overseas-begin-voting-a-day-ahead-of-when-the.md) _Context: 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
6. [France-Russia relations. French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
7. [France-Lebanon relations. French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen leaves before her scheduled meeting in Beirut with Lebanon's top Sunni Muslim religious leader, Grand Mufti Abdellatif Deryan, following her refusal to accept the offered headscarf to cover her hair. Le Pen's aides had been informed earlier about the traditional, religious need for a headscarf for this meeting. ](/news/2017/02/21/france-lebanon-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-leaves-before-her-scheduled-meeting-in-beirut-with-le.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
8. [French departmental elections, 2015. Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-poll.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
9. [France's National Front confirms 42-year-old Marine Le Pen as party leader, succeeding her father Jean-Marie Le Pen. ](/news/2011/01/16/france-s-national-front-confirms-42-year-old-marine-le-pen-as-party-leader-succeeding-her-father-jean-marie-le-pen.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen_
