### [2017-04-24](/news/2017/04/24/index.md)

# Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. 

Lawyers for Jack Jones and Marcel Williams are seeking stays on grounds of poor health.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/arkansas-prepares-1st-double-execution-050940535.html?soc_trk=gcm&soc_src=d9780ae9-562b-3ef5-9d83-c17f2088b031&.tsrc=notification-brknews)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-39695668)

### Related:

1. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Arkansas, Texas_
2. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
3. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
4. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Arkansas, Texas_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Arkansas, Texas_
7. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Arkansas, United States_
8. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
9. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
10. [All four crew members aboard a United States military helicopter (UH-60) are killed when their chopper crashes at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas. ](/news/2015/11/23/all-four-crew-members-aboard-a-united-states-military-helicopter-uh-60-are-killed-when-their-chopper-crashes-at-fort-hood-in-killeen-texa.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
