### [2017-04-24](/news/2017/04/24/index.md)

# The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". 

Britain’s Communist party will not field any general election candidates for the first time since its formation in 1920 in order to throw its weight behind Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party. Declaring its endorsement of Labour’s leader, the Communist Party of Britain said victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be “the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster”.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/general-election-uk-communist-party-no-candidates-jeremy-corbyn-labour-support-first-1920-a7699761.html)

### Related:

1. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
6. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
7. [The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-become-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
8. [The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-outcome-of-the-election-for-the-next-leader-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-is-announced-with-jeremy-corbyn-winning-the-contest-ahead.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
9. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [All major parties suspend their campaigns following last night's terror attack in London. The general election, scheduled for June 8, is not expected to be postponed. ](/news/2017/06/4/all-major-parties-suspend-their-campaigns-following-last-night-s-terror-attack-in-london-the-general-election-scheduled-for-june-8-is-not.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
