### [2003-10-28](/news/2003/10/28/index.md)

#  The UK Conservative Party's 1922 Committee announces that leader Iain Duncan Smith will face an immediate vote of confidence in his leadership on the following day, after at least 25 backbenchers formally request it.




### Related:

1. [ British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith loses a vote of confidence in his parliamentary party by 90 votes to 75 and, in accordance with party rules, resigns from the leadership. A new leadership election is called. Shadow Deputy Prime Minister David Davis, previously tipped as a future leader, surprises Westminster by announcing that he will not seek the leadership and endorses former Home Secretary Michael Howard, who is now seen as the frontrunner to assume the leadership. Other leading politicians endorse Howard, once famously described by a colleague as having "something of the night about him."](/news/2003/10/29/british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-loses-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-parliamentary-party-by-90-votes-to-75-and-in-accorda.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Iain Duncan Smith_
2. [ British Conservative Party leader, Iain Duncan Smith, is being investigated by Parliamentary Standards Commissioner Sir Philip Mawer over allegations that he paid a secretarial salary to his wife without her doing sufficient work to warrant the payments.](/news/2003/10/14/british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-is-being-investigated-by-parliamentary-standards-commissioner-sir-philip-mawer-over-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Iain Duncan Smith_
3. [ The British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith demands that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologise for the comments of his press secretary, Tom Kelly, in which Kelly compared Dr. David Kelly, the BBC source who took his own life after his identity was revealed by the Ministry of Defence, to the fictional "Walter Mitty" character.](/news/2003/08/10/the-british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-demands-that-prime-minister-tony-blair-apologise-for-the-comments-of-his-press-secr.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Iain Duncan Smith_
4. [ UK Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith made what was widely considered to be a disastrous speech where he demanded that his party "unite or die"; observers believe that this marks the start of a new leadership struggle within the Conservative Party.](/news/2002/11/5/uk-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-made-what-was-widely-considered-to-be-a-disastrous-speech-where-he-demanded-that-his-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Iain Duncan Smith_
5. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
6. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
7. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
8. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
9. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
10. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
