### [2004-11-14](/news/2004/11/14/index.md)

#  Kidnappers release two female relatives of Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6806370)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Former Prime Minister of Iraq Iyad Allawi says that he believes that Iraq is engaged in a civil war, although the country has not passed "the point of no return." British and American officials dispute calling the conflict a civil war. ](/news/2006/03/19/former-prime-minister-of-iraq-iyad-allawi-says-that-he-believes-that-iraq-is-engaged-in-a-civil-war-although-the-country-has-not-passed-t.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
2. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
3. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
4. [ The former Prime Minister of Iraq, Iyad Allawi, has claimed in "The Observer" newspaper, that human rights abuses by members of the Government of Iraq are as bad now as they were in the time of Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2005/11/27/the-former-prime-minister-of-iraq-iyad-allawi-has-claimed-in-the-observer-newspaper-that-human-rights-abuses-by-members-of-the-governm.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
5. [ Ibrahim Jaafari, a Shia, has replaced Iyad Allawi as the interim prime minister of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/7/ibrahim-jaafari-a-shia-has-replaced-iyad-allawi-as-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iyad Allawi, the interim Prime Minister of Iraq has admitted parts of the country will not be voting in this month's election. ](/news/2005/01/12/conflict-in-iraq-iyad-allawi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq-has-admitted-parts-of-the-country-will-not-be-voting-in-this-month-s-elec.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
8. [ Three relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi have been kidnapped. The kidnappers have demanded that the siege on Fallujah be lifted, or the hostages will be killed. ](/news/2004/11/9/three-relatives-of-iraqi-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-have-been-kidnapped-the-kidnappers-have-demanded-that-the-siege-on-fallujah-be-lifted.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
9. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi publicly authorizes an offensive in Fallujah and Ramadi to "liberate the people" and "clean Falluja of terrorists". U.S. and Iraqi forces advance. A hospital doctor in Falluja reports 15 people killed and 20 wounded. ](/news/2004/11/7/iraqi-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-publicly-authorizes-an-offensive-in-fallujah-and-ramadi-to-liberate-the-people-and-clean-falluja-of-ter.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
10. [ Iraq's appointed Prime Minister Iyad Allawi tells the interim national council that yesterday's killing of 49 unarmed army recruits "was the outcome of major neglect by some parts of the multinational (forces)." ](/news/2004/10/26/iraq-s-appointed-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-tells-the-interim-national-council-that-yesterday-s-killing-of-49-unarmed-army-recruits-was-th.md) _Context: Iyad Allawi_
