### [2014-01-10](/news/2014/01/10/index.md)

# Amidst pressure for failing to resolve ongoing conflict, President of the Central African Republic Michel Djotodia resigns nine months after Seleka toppled Francois Bozize. Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet becomes acting president. 

President Michel Djotodia resigns as he is unable to stop the ethnic fighting in CAR


### Source:

1. [IB Times](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/central-african-republics-president-michel-djotodia-resigns-1431838)

### Related:

1. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: François Bozizé, Séléka_
2. [Aftermath of the Central African Republic conflict (2012-13):At least 60 people are killed in Central African Republic during clashes between pro-Seleka rebels and forces loyal to ousted President Francois Bozize. ](/news/2013/09/9/aftermath-of-the-central-african-republic-conflict-2012a13-pat-least-60-people-are-killed-in-central-african-republic-during-clashes-bet.md) _Context: François Bozizé, Séléka_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: Michel Djotodia, President of the Central African Republic_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-pr.md) _Context: François Bozizé, President of the Central African Republic_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: François Bozizé, President of the Central African Republic_
6. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: François Bozizé_
7. [African migrants are to be evacuated as violence continues in the country. ](/news/2014/01/11/african-migrants-are-to-be-evacuated-as-violence-continues-in-the-country.md) _Context: Central African Republic crisis_
8. [The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. ](/news/2013/04/13/the-national-transitional-council-of-the-central-african-republic-elects-michel-djotodia-as-the-president-confirming-a-position-he-has-held.md) _Context: Michel Djotodia_
9. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pseleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pro.md) _Context: Michel Djotodia_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pcentral-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-a.md) _Context: François Bozizé_
