### [2014-01-10](/news/2014/01/10/index.md)

# China imposes a "fishing permit" rule in the South China Sea, much to the chagrin of the United States, the Philippines, and Vietnam. 

The Chinese are demanding foreign crews get permits before fishing the South China Sea, upsetting neighbouring countries


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/01/10/philippines-vietnam-condemn-china-new-fishing-law-that-reinforces-claim-on/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/10/beijing-criticism-fishing-rules)

### Related:

1. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States, Vietnam_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:. China says it will open disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to tourism before the May Day holiday, a move to which Vietnam is strongly opposed, as the United States expresses concern. ](/news/2013/04/7/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-says-it-will-open-disputed-paracel-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-to-tourism-before-the.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States, Vietnam_
5. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: China, Philippines, United States_
7. ["Philippines v. China". The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-Vietnam relations. Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, Vietnam_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-wit.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, United States_
