### [2011-04-2](/news/2011/04/2/index.md)

# Gaza War:: Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. 

Israel calls on the UN to cancel a report that said it possibly committed war crimes during its 2008-2009 military offensive in Gaza.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12949016)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=214864)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/03/world/middleeast/03goldstone.html?_r=1)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/reconsidering-the-goldstone-report-on-israel-and-war-crimes/2011/04/01/AFg111JC_story.html)
5. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4050990,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council endorses the Goldstone report on the Gaza War, accusing both Israel and Hamas of war crimes. ](/news/2009/10/16/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-endorses-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war-accusing-both-israel-and-hamas-of-war-crimes.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Goldstone Report, Israel, United Nations, war crime_
2. [ A United Nations report into the Gaza War alleges both Israeli and Palestinian forces committed war crimes. ](/news/2009/09/15/a-united-nations-report-into-the-gaza-war-alleges-both-israeli-and-palestinian-forces-committed-war-crimes.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations, war crime_
3. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations, war crime_
4. [Two attempts in South Africa to arrest former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni for alleged war crimes during the war on Gaza are rejected. ](/news/2011/01/19/two-attempts-in-south-africa-to-arrest-former-israeli-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-for-alleged-war-crimes-during-the-war-on-gaza-are-rejecte.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, war crime_
5. [Israel tells the United Nations it will limit the use of fatal burning weapon white phosphorus in future conflicts after using it on civilians during its War on Gaza. ](/news/2010/07/21/israel-tells-the-united-nations-it-will-limit-the-use-of-fatal-burning-weapon-white-phosphorus-in-future-conflicts-after-using-it-on-civilia.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
6. [United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. ](/news/2010/07/18/united-nations-figures-indicate-around-225-families-remain-homeless-in-gaza-since-israel-s-three-week-military-offensive-was-launched-in-dec.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
7. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
8. [ The United Nations General Assembly debates on whether to endorse the Goldstone report on the Gaza War. ](/news/2009/11/4/the-united-nations-general-assembly-debates-on-whether-to-endorse-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Goldstone Report, United Nations_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [Israel, Palestine, and the United Nations: Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-palestine-and-the-united-nations-israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
