### [2011-04-2](/news/2011/04/2/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War:Friendly fire from coalition forces reportedly kills 13 rebels in Libya. 

A NATO airstrike intended to thwart Moammar Gadhafi&#39;s forces killed 13 rebel fighters in eastern Libya instead, the opposition said Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.net/live/africa/libya-live-blog-april-2)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42388589/ns/world_news-mideast/n_africa/)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: friendly-fire_
2. [In a friendly fire incident, a NATO air strike hits an Afghan National Army outpost in Logar Province, about 30 miles east of Kabul, with at least seven soldiers killed and five wounded. ](/news/2015/07/20/in-a-friendly-fire-incident-a-nato-air-strike-hits-an-afghan-national-army-outpost-in-logar-province-about-30-miles-east-of-kabul-with-at.md) _Context: friendly-fire_
3. [Five American soldiers, an Afghan soldier, and an interpreter in the Zabul province of Afghanistan are killed when a NATO air strike accidentally targeted them.  ](/news/2014/06/10/five-american-soldiers-an-afghan-soldier-and-an-interpreter-in-the-zabul-province-of-afghanistan-are-killed-when-a-nato-air-strike-acciden.md) _Context: friendly-fire_
4. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
5. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
6. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: Chairman of the General National Congress Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf says that al-Qaeda elements, who fought alongside the rebels in the Libyan Civil War, number "up to 200" in Libya now. ](/news/2012/10/1/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-chairman-of-the-general-national-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-says-that-al-qaeda-elements.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
7. [Mauritania extradites former Libyan intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi, who was arrested in the capital Nouakchott in March after fleeing Libya during the civil war in 2011. The United States insist on a fair trial for the suspect, a "milestone in (Libya's) democratic transition". ](/news/2012/09/5/mauritania-extradites-former-libyan-intelligence-chief-abdullah-senussi-who-was-arrested-in-the-capital-nouakchott-in-march-after-fleeing-l.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
8. [Two explosions strike near government buildings in the Libyan capital of Tripoli, killing at least two people. These are the first bomb attacks since the end of the Libyan Civil War.](/news/2012/08/19/two-explosions-strike-near-government-buildings-in-the-libyan-capital-of-tripoli-killing-at-least-two-people-these-are-the-first-bomb-atta.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
9. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
10. [Aftermath of 2011 Libyan civil war: elements of former anti-Gaddafi forces from Tripoli and Misrata clash in the center of Tripoli, with five people reportedly killed. ](/news/2012/01/3/aftermath-of-2011-libyan-civil-war-elements-of-former-anti-gaddafi-forces-from-tripoli-and-misrata-clash-in-the-center-of-tripoli-with-fiv.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
