### [2005-03-29](/news/2005/03/29/index.md)

#  Lord Paddy Ashdown, High Representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina has sacked Dragan Covic, Croat member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, after he has been charged (but not tried yet) for financial corruption. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4390635.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Sefer Halilovic, former head of the Bosnian army, goes on trial for killing Bosnian Croats during the Yugoslav wars. ](/news/2005/01/31/sefer-halilovia-former-head-of-the-bosnian-army-goes-on-trial-for-killing-bosnian-croats-during-the-yugoslav-wars.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croat_
2. [Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union: The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/accession-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina-to-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-me.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
3. [Bosnia and Herzegovina officially releases its first census report since the end of the Bosnian War after multiple delays, showing that the country had lost one fifth of its population from 4.4 million to 3.5 million between then and 2013. ](/news/2016/06/30/bosnia-and-herzegovina-officially-releases-its-first-census-report-since-the-end-of-the-bosnian-war-after-multiple-delays-showing-that-the.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
4. [2015-16 Iraqi protests: Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/2015-16-iraqi-protests-protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortifi.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
5. [Yugoslav Wars: Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
6. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
7. [Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities, some estimates say more than 3 million people, protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. ](/news/2016/03/13/hundreds-of-thousands-in-brazil-s-major-cities-some-estimates-say-more-than-3-million-people-protest-the-weak-economy-and-political-corrup.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
8. [Enlargement of the European Union: Bosnia and Herzegovina formally applies to join the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/15/enlargement-of-the-european-union-bosnia-and-herzegovina-formally-applies-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
9. [2015 Sarajevo shooting: A gunman inside a betting shop near army barracks in the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo, shoots dead two Bosnian Army soldiers. The gunman, identified as Salafi extremist Enes Omeragic, later commits suicide after police surround his house. ](/news/2015/11/18/2015-sarajevo-shooting-a-gunman-inside-a-betting-shop-near-army-barracks-in-the-bosnian-capital-sarajevo-shoots-dead-two-bosnian-army-sol.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
10. [Bosnia and Herzegovina general election, 2014: Bakir Izetbegovic and Dragan Covic appear to have won the Bosniak and Croat seat in the presidency while the race for the Serb seat is still too close to call. ](/news/2014/10/12/bosnia-and-herzegovina-general-election-2014-bakir-izetbegovia-and-dragan-aovia-appear-to-have-won-the-bosniak-and-croat-seat-in-the-pr.md) _Context: presidency_
