### [2005-03-29](/news/2005/03/29/index.md)

#  Spanish prime minister Zapatero signs an agreement with president Hugo Chavez of Venezuela on the sale of warships and military transport planes. Conservative opposition leader Mariano Rajoy denounces the sale. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4391615.stm)

### Related:

1. [United States-Venezuela relations. The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
2. [2017 Venezuelan protests. The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-bari.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
3. [United Nations Security Council election, 2016. Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-security-council-election-2016-bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Spain, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015. Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998. There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
5. [Spanish general election, 2015. Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Spain_
6. [Spanish general election, 2015. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Spain_
7. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Spain_
8. [New Zealand, Malaysia, Angola, Spain and Venezuela have been elected to sit on the United Nations Security Council for two years from 2015. ](/news/2014/10/16/new-zealand-malaysia-angola-spain-and-venezuela-have-been-elected-to-sit-on-the-united-nations-security-council-for-two-years-from-2015.md) _Context: Spain, Venezuela_
9. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
10. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
