### [2005-03-29](/news/2005/03/29/index.md)

#  Three Romanian journalists are kidnapped in Iraq, the latest in a long series of kidnappings for money or political reasons in the country. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4389391.stm)
2. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1447396,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Daniele Mastrogiacomo, an Italian journalist working for "la Repubblica", is set free by the Taliban. He had been kidnapped in the Afghan province of Helmand on March 6. ](/news/2007/03/19/daniele-mastrogiacomo-an-italian-journalist-working-for-la-repubblica-is-set-free-by-the-taliban-he-had-been-kidnapped-in-the-afghan-p.md) _Context: journalist, kidnapped_
2. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: Iraq, kidnapped_
3. [ Egypt confirms its most senior envoy to Iraq, Ihab al-Sherif, has been killed after being kidnapped last week. A group related to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2005/07/7/egypt-confirms-its-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-ihab-al-sherif-has-been-killed-after-being-kidnapped-last-week-a-group-related-to-abu-musab.md) _Context: Iraq, kidnapped_
4. [ Ihab al-Sherif, Egypt's most senior envoy to Iraq is kidnapped by gunmen while buying a newspaper. He was to be promoted to ambassador, representing the first Arab nation to recognize the new Iraqi government. ](/news/2005/07/3/ihab-al-sherif-egypt-s-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-is-kidnapped-by-gunmen-while-buying-a-newspaper-he-was-to-be-promoted-to-ambassador-rep.md) _Context: Iraq, kidnapped_
5. [ Italians outraged by the latest kidnapping in Iraq&mdash;of two Italian aid workers&mdash;gather to protest outside Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's offices in Rome. ](/news/2004/09/8/italians-outraged-by-the-latest-kidnapping-in-iraq-mdash-of-two-italian-aid-workers-mdash-gather-to-protest-outside-prime-minister-silvio-b.md) _Context: Iraq, kidnapped_
6. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Iraq, journalist_
7. [ US journalist Micah Garen, who was kidnapped in Iraq more than a week ago, is released in the southern city of Nasiriyah. ](/news/2004/08/22/us-journalist-micah-garen-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-more-than-a-week-ago-is-released-in-the-southern-city-of-nasiriyah.md) _Context: Iraq, journalist_
8. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iraq, journalist_
9. [ In Basra, Iraq, masked militants kidnap and threaten to kill James Brandon, 23, a freelance British journalist, working for the "Sunday Telegraph", unless US troops withdraw from Najaf within 24 hours. He is released after intervention by al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/13/in-basra-iraq-masked-militants-kidnap-and-threaten-to-kill-james-brandon-23-a-freelance-british-journalist-working-for-the-sunday-tel.md) _Context: Iraq, journalist_
10. [ Kyodo reports that United States Armed Forces arrest the Japanese journalist Rei Shiba and two Iraqi guides on around June 8 in Ar Ramadi, 100&nbsp;km west of Baghdad, while covering a university. The American forces reportedly put a bag on their heads during the arrest and gagged them in custody.](/news/2003/06/17/kyodo-reports-that-united-states-armed-forces-arrest-the-japanese-journalist-rei-shiba-and-two-iraqi-guides-on-around-june-8-in-ar-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraq, journalist_
