### [2003-07-12](/news/2003/07/12/index.md)

#  Baseball: Barry Bonds ties the 63-year-old record of Jimmie Foxx by homering against the Arizona Diamondbacks' Curt Schilling, becoming the second player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 30 home runs in 12 consecutive seasons.




### Related:

1. [ Barry Bonds of the San Francisco Giants hits his 756th career home run, passing Hank Aaron as the all-time leader in Major League Baseball. Bonds hits the shot against Washington Nationals pitcher Mike Bacsik in the fifth inning of their game at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2007/08/7/barry-bonds-of-the-san-francisco-giants-hits-his-756th-career-home-run-passing-hank-aaron-as-the-all-time-leader-in-major-league-baseball.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, Major League Baseball, home run_
2. [ San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds ties Hank Aaron for most career home runs with 755, while Alex Rodriguez becomes the youngest player to hit 500 home runs in Major League Baseball. ](/news/2007/08/4/san-francisco-giants-outfielder-barry-bonds-ties-hank-aaron-for-most-career-home-runs-with-755-while-alex-rodriguez-becomes-the-youngest-p.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, Major League Baseball, home run_
3. [ A bench clearing brawl happens in a baseball game between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the St. Louis Cardinals. Tino Martinez was hit by a 1-0 pitch from Miguel Batista, and took first base. He was then forced out at second base during the next batter's at-bat. When heading back to the dugout, Martinez charged Batista from behind. Batista turned and threw the ball at him, and players from both teams joined the altercation. The Diamondbacks ultimately won the game, 1-0, and the MLB suspends Martinez for four games, and Batista for ten.](/news/2003/04/20/a-bench-clearing-brawl-happens-in-a-baseball-game-between-the-arizona-diamondbacks-and-the-st-louis-cardinals-tino-martinez-was-hit-by-a.md) _Context: Arizona Diamondbacks, Major League Baseball, baseball game_
4. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, Major League Baseball_
5. [Star baseball player Barry Bonds is sentenced to 30 days of home detention on obstruction of justice charges following misleading evidence about steroid use. ](/news/2011/12/16/star-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-sentenced-to-30-days-of-home-detention-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-following-misleading-evidence-a.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game_
6. [US baseball star Barry Bonds is convicted of obstruction of justice charges with a hung jury on other charges. ](/news/2011/04/13/us-baseball-star-barry-bonds-is-convicted-of-obstruction-of-justice-charges-with-a-hung-jury-on-other-charges.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game_
7. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game_
8. [Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees becomes the seventh player in the history of Major League Baseball to hit 600 home runs. ](/news/2010/08/4/alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-becomes-the-seventh-player-in-the-history-of-major-league-baseball-to-hit-600-home-runs.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, home run_
9. [ U.S. federal prosecutors have filed a new indictment against baseball slugger Barry Bonds, charging him with 14 counts of lying to a grand jury and one count of obstruction of justice when he denied knowingly using performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2008/05/13/u-s-federal-prosecutors-have-filed-a-new-indictment-against-baseball-slugger-barry-bonds-charging-him-with-14-counts-of-lying-to-a-grand.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, baseball game_
10. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, Major League Baseball_
