### [2009-09-7](/news/2009/09/7/index.md)

#  Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. 

Yukio Hatoyama promises to take aggressive stance on global climate change.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2009/09/20099771059232213.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/8241016.stm)
3. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/category/politics/view/hatoyama-reiterates-goal-of-25-emission-cuts-by-2020)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama resigns after breaking his campaign promise to remove a United States military base from Okinawa. ](/news/2010/06/2/japanese-prime-minister-yukio-hatoyama-resigns-after-breaking-his-campaign-promise-to-remove-a-united-states-military-base-from-okinawa.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama makes an apology for breaking an election promise to get rid of a U.S. military base located in Okinawa which he and the United States believe is "needed to guarantee regional security". Demonstrators affected by this failure order him to "go home". ](/news/2010/05/23/japanese-prime-minister-yukio-hatoyama-makes-an-apology-for-breaking-an-election-promise-to-get-rid-of-a-u-s-military-base-located-in-okina.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama_
3. [ Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008: Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party chooses former Foreign Minister of Japan Taro Aso as the next Prime Minister of Japan replacing Yasuo Fukuda. ](/news/2008/09/22/liberal-democratic-party-japan-leadership-election-2008-japan-s-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-chooses-former-foreign-minister-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
4. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
5. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
6. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
7. [Japan-United States relations: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [Japanese House of Councillors election, 2016: Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/japanese-house-of-councillors-election-2016-voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partn.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japan-s-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
10. [Japan-South Korea relations: Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
