### [2014-01-31](/news/2014/01/31/index.md)

# Raffaele Sollecito is arrested in Italy near the Austrian border after again being found guilty of the murder of Meredith Kercher. 

Italian police find Raffaele Sollecito near the Austrian border after a court reinstated his guilty verdict for killing Briton Meredith Kercher.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/01/31/world/europe/italy-amanda-knox-retrial/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25978340#TWEET1029760)

### Related:

1. [The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-to-be-rejected-directly-at.md) _Context: Austria, Italian_
2. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper ''Die Welt''. ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Austria, Italian_
3. [The Congolese bar owner whom Amanda Knox falsely accused of killing Meredith Kercher criticises a lack of justice in the surprise decision by Italy to quash her conviction yesterday, citing diplomatic pressure coupled with Knox's wealth and status as American, as opposed to his being African. ](/news/2015/03/28/the-congolese-bar-owner-whom-amanda-knox-falsely-accused-of-killing-meredith-kercher-criticises-a-lack-of-justice-in-the-surprise-decision-b.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
4. [Italy's highest court acquits American Amanda Knox and Italian Raffaele Sollecito of the murder of Briton Meredith Kercher. ](/news/2015/03/27/italy-s-highest-court-acquits-american-amanda-knox-and-italian-raffaele-sollecito-of-the-murder-of-briton-meredith-kercher.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
5. [Italy's Court of Cassation overturns the acquittals of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito in the murder of Meredith Kercher and orders a retrial. However, Knox, who returned home immediately upon release, is not expected to be there as the U.S. tends not to extradite its citizens to face legal action. ](/news/2013/03/26/italy-s-court-of-cassation-overturns-the-acquittals-of-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-in-the-murder-of-meredith-kercher-and-orders-a-ret.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
6. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Austria, Italian_
7. [European sovereign debt crisis:The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-pthe-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Austria, Italian_
8. [Nine people are thought to have been killed and 30 others are injured, some seriously, after a landslide caused a train to derail in Merano, near the Austrian border with Italy. ](/news/2010/04/12/nine-people-are-thought-to-have-been-killed-and-30-others-are-injured-some-seriously-after-a-landslide-caused-a-train-to-derail-in-merano.md) _Context: Austria, Italian_
9. [ An Italian jury finds Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito guilty in the case of the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Perugia. Knox is sentenced to 26 years in prison, Sollecito to 25. ](/news/2009/12/4/an-italian-jury-finds-amanda-knox-and-raffaele-sollecito-guilty-in-the-case-of-the-2007-murder-of-meredith-kercher-in-perugia-knox-is-sent.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
10. [ The trial of two accused murderers of Meredith Kercher begins in Perugia, Italy. ](/news/2009/01/16/the-trial-of-two-accused-murderers-of-meredith-kercher-begins-in-perugia-italy.md) _Context: Italian, killing Meredith Kercher_
