### [2016-03-10](/news/2016/03/10/index.md)

# Former Russian Press Minister Mikhail Lesin was found by a American investigation to have died of blunt force injuries in Washington, D.C. in November last year. 

Former Russian Press Minister Mikhail Lesin, who was found dead in a Washington hotel room last year, died of blunt force injuries to the head, U.S. authorities said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-mikhaillesin-idUSKCN0WC2W1?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [More than 50 heads of state as well as representatives from international organizations attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., with the notable exception of Russia, which declined to attend. The main agenda of the two-day gathering is the discussion of North Korea and the threat it poses with its nuclear weapons and the possibility of ISIS extremists getting a nuclear weapon. ](/news/2016/03/31/more-than-50-heads-of-state-as-well-as-representatives-from-international-organizations-attend-the-annual-nuclear-security-summit-in-washing.md) _Context: Russia, Washington, D.C._
2. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
3. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
4. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
