### [2016-03-10](/news/2016/03/10/index.md)

# The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. 

The 32nd Irish parliament (Dáil) fails to appoint a new taoiseach (prime minister) after meeting for the first time on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35765813)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
2. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
4. [Moriarty Tribunal:Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-with.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
5. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
6. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
7. [2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Taoiseach Enda Kenny tells the Dil the Prison Service recorded conversations between inmates and their solicitors. ](/news/2014/04/1/2014-garda-phone-recordings-controversy-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-tells-the-dail-the-prison-service-recorded-conversations-between-inmates-and-t.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny arrives in London for a six-monthly meeting of the British-Irish Council, including talks with Nick Clegg, the deputy prime minister of Britain, and Alex Salmond, the recently victorious Scottish first minister. ](/news/2011/06/20/taoiseach-enda-kenny-arrives-in-london-for-a-six-monthly-meeting-of-the-britishairish-council-including-talks-with-nick-clegg-the-deputy.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
