### [2016-03-10](/news/2016/03/10/index.md)

# Three candidates are put forward to become President of Myanmar:  Htin Kyaw and Sai Nyunt Lwin from the National League for Democracy and Khin Aung Myint from the military. 

A trusted aide of Aung San Suu Kyi looks certain to be become Myanmar&#039;s next president.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-03-10/myanmar-presidential-candidates-announced-htin-kyaw-frontrunner/7236790)

### Related:

1. [The President of Myanmar Htin Kyaw  pardons 83 political prisoners.  A total of 282 people accused of political crimes have been released or had charges dropped since the new National League for Democracy government  gained power on April 1. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-president-of-myanmar-htin-kyaw-pardons-83-political-prisoners-a-total-of-282-people-accused-of-political-crimes-have-been-released-or.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
2. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Myanmar's military, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
3. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament,  selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-th.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw, Myanmar's president's office_
4. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the  November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
5. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from  becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
6. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
7. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Myanmar's president's office_
9. [At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. ](/news/2016/11/20/at-least-8-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-dozen-others-are-injured-following-an-attack-on-tatmadaw-checkpoints-police-outposts-and-the-1.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
10. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years.  Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-ht.md) _Context: Htin Kyaw_
