### [2016-03-10](/news/2016/03/10/index.md)

# Two days of heavy rain in the American state of Louisiana has caused at least three deaths and caused more than a thousand people to evacuate their homes. 

Huge military trucks rumbled through neighborhoods in northern Louisiana on Thursday in search of families trapped by days of relentless rain, while men in rain gear waded through floodwaters up to their chests to rescue stranded animals.


### Source:

1. [ (Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/03/10/flooding-forces-more-than-1000-from-homes-in-louisiana.html)

### Related:

1. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
2. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana_
3. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Louisiana_
4. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Louisiana_
5. [At least seven people have died and thousands have been rescued in the American state of Louisiana. President of the United States Barack Obama has declared a federal emergency in the state. ](/news/2016/08/15/at-least-seven-people-have-died-and-thousands-have-been-rescued-in-the-american-state-of-louisiana-president-of-the-united-states-barack-ob.md) _Context: Louisiana_
6. [Heavy rain on the Gulf Coast of the United States causes floods in the state of Louisiana and the southern part of Mississippi with one person drowning. ](/news/2016/08/12/heavy-rain-on-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-causes-floods-in-the-state-of-louisiana-and-the-southern-part-of-mississippi-with-one-pers.md) _Context: Louisiana_
7. [A bill that punishes hate crimes against law enforcement is signed by Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards. It is the first state to pass such a law. ](/news/2016/05/26/a-bill-that-punishes-hate-crimes-against-law-enforcement-is-signed-by-louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-it-is-the-first-state-to-pass-suc.md) _Context: Louisiana_
8. [Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-nebraska-maine-and-kentucky-and-the-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-participate-in-a-party-caucus.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [The United States Supreme Court, with only Justice Clarence Thomas dissenting, blocks implementation of a Louisiana  law  that could have forced all but one of the state's abortion clinics to close, and restores an earlier judicial ban on enforcing the 2014 law.  Last week, a federal  appeals court said the law could be enforced.  ](/news/2016/03/4/the-united-states-supreme-court-with-only-justice-clarence-thomas-dissenting-blocks-implementation-of-a-louisiana-law-that-could-have-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
10. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Louisiana_
