### [2014-03-2](/news/2014/03/2/index.md)

# 2014 Crimean crisis. 2014 Ukrainian revolution. Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http://inserbia.info/news/2014/03/ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea/ (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]. Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/03/02/ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014




### Related:

1. [2014 Ukrainian revolution. 2014 Crimean crisis. Ukraine's interim President Oleksandr Turchynov formally becomes the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/26/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-ukraine-s-interim-president-oleksandr-turchynov-formally-becomes-the-supreme-commander-of-th.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Oleksandr Turchynov_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis. 2014 Ukrainian revolution. Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. ](/news/2014/03/1/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-russian-president-vladimir-putin-formally-asks-the-federation-council-of-the-russian-parliam.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
3. [2014 Ukrainian revolution. 2014 Crimean crisis. Members of the Russian Parliament propose new laws that would make it easier for Russia to incorporate parts of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/28/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-members-of-the-russian-parliament-propose-new-laws-that-would-make-it-easier-for-russia-to-i.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
4. [2014 Ukrainian revolution. 2014 Crimean crisis. The Parliament of Ukraine-s Autonomous Republic of Crimea announces a referendum to determine the region-s future and ousts the regional government. ](/news/2014/02/27/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-the-parliament-of-ukraine-s-autonomous-republic-of-crimea-announces-a-referendum-to-determ.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
5. [2014 Ukrainian Revolution:. The European Commission recognizes Oleksandr Turchynov as Ukraine-s legitimate interim president. ](/news/2014/02/24/2014-ukrainian-revolution-the-european-commission-recognizes-oleksandr-turchynov-as-ukraine-s-legitimate-interim-president.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Oleksandr Turchynov_
6. [Valeriy Heletey takes office as the third Defense Minister of Ukraine after the 2014 Ukrainian revolution, replacing Mykhailo Koval ](/news/2014/07/3/valeriy-heletey-takes-office-as-the-third-defense-minister-of-ukraine-after-the-2014-ukrainian-revolution-replacing-mykhailo-koval.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
7. [2014 Crimean crisis:. Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Crimea for the first time since the annexation, arriving in Sevastopol for Victory Day celebrations. ](/news/2014/05/9/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-visits-crimea-for-the-first-time-since-the-annexation-arriving-in-sevastopol-for-vic.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis_
8. [2014 Crimean Crisis:. McDonald's suspends work at all restaurant locations in Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/4/2014-crimean-crisis-mcdonald-s-suspends-work-at-all-restaurant-locations-in-crimea.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis_
9. [2014 Crimean crisis. Montenegro, Norway, Iceland and Albania join the list of countries supporting sanctions including asset freezings and travel bans directed at Russian individuals. ](/news/2014/04/11/2014-crimean-crisis-montenegro-norway-iceland-and-albania-join-the-list-of-countries-supporting-sanctions-including-asset-freezings-and-t.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis_
10. [2014 Crimean crisis:. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe suspends Russia's right to vote and take part in election observations as a consequence to its annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/10/2014-crimean-crisis-the-parliamentary-assembly-of-the-council-of-europe-suspends-russia-s-right-to-vote-and-take-part-in-election-observat.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis_
