### [2014-03-2](/news/2014/03/2/index.md)

# In association football, Newcastle United fine their manager Alan Pardew nearly PS100,000 for headbutting David Meyler on the opposing Hull City during a Premier League match yesterday. 

Alan Pardew was sent from the touchline during Newcastle United&#x27;s Premier League game at Hull City after clashing with David Meyler


### Source:

1. [The Observer](http://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/mar/01/alan-pardew-headbutts-hull-city-david-meyler)

### Related:

1. [In association football, having headbutted a player for the opposing team, an unprecedented incident during a Premier League match, Alan Pardew faces the sack. ](/news/2014/03/1/in-association-football-having-headbutted-a-player-for-the-opposing-team-an-unprecedented-incident-during-a-premier-league-match-alan-par.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football, headbutt_
2. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
3. [Assem Allam, the Egyptian-born businessman and owner of Premier League club Hull City, tells the club's fans, whom he refers to as "hooligans", that they can "die as soon as they want" following protests against his plans to rename the club Hull Tigers. ](/news/2013/12/1/assem-allam-the-egyptian-born-businessman-and-owner-of-premier-league-club-hull-city-tells-the-club-s-fans-whom-he-refers-to-as-hooligan.md) _Context: English Premier League, Hull City_
4. [In association football, Premier League and FA Cup runners-up Manchester City sack manager Roberto Mancini. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-association-football-premier-league-and-fa-cup-runners-up-manchester-city-sack-manager-roberto-mancini.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
5. [Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. ](/news/2012/05/2/papiss-cissa-c-fires-two-goals-past-uefa-champions-league-finalists-chelsea-to-keep-newcastle-united-firmly-in-contention-for-a-place-in-the.md) _Context: English Premier League, Newcastle United F.C._
6. [In association football, Manchester City defeat Manchester United in what had been described as the biggest match in Premier League history. Vincent Kompany scores the winning goal to take City to the summit of the Premier League table with two games of the season left to play. ](/news/2012/04/30/in-association-football-manchester-city-defeat-manchester-united-in-what-had-been-described-as-the-biggest-match-in-premier-league-history.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
7. [ English Premier League footballer Marlon King is convicted of sexual assault, imprisoned and sacked by his club Wigan Athletic F.C. ](/news/2009/10/29/english-premier-league-footballer-marlon-king-is-convicted-of-sexual-assault-imprisoned-and-sacked-by-his-club-wigan-athletic-f-c.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
8. [ English Premier League football club Chelsea F.C. are barred from purchasing players on transfer until January 2011 by FIFA for inducing Gal Kakuta to illegally break his contract with French Ligue 1 club RC Lens in 2007. ](/news/2009/09/3/english-premier-league-football-club-chelsea-f-c-are-barred-from-purchasing-players-on-transfer-until-january-2011-by-fifa-for-inducing-ga.md) _Context: English Premier League, association football_
9. [In association football, Toronto FC play Seattle Sounders FC in the MLS Cup final held at Toronto's BMO Field. The Sounders win 5-4 in a penalty shootout after the game ended scoreless after extra time. It is the Sounders' first MLS title. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-association-football-toronto-fc-play-seattle-sounders-fc-in-the-mls-cup-final-held-at-toronto-s-bmo-field-the-sounders-win-5a4-in-a-p.md) _Context: association football_
10. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: association football_
