### [2014-03-2](/news/2014/03/2/index.md)

# Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http:--inserbia.info-news-2014-03-ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea- (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http:--uk.reuters.com-article-2014-03-02-ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014




### Related:

1. [Ukraine's interim President Oleksandr Turchynov formally becomes the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/26/ukraine-s-interim-president-oleksandr-turchynov-formally-becomes-the-supreme-commander-of-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution, Oleksandr Turchynov_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. ](/news/2014/03/1/russian-president-vladimir-putin-formally-asks-the-federation-council-of-the-russian-parliament-for-approval-to-use-armed-forces-in-ukraine.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
3. [Members of the Russian Parliament propose new laws that would make it easier for Russia to incorporate parts of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/28/members-of-the-russian-parliament-propose-new-laws-that-would-make-it-easier-for-russia-to-incorporate-parts-of-ukraine.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
4. [The Parliament of Ukraine's Autonomous Republic of Crimea announces a referendum to determine the region's future and ousts the regional government. ](/news/2014/02/27/the-parliament-of-ukraineas-autonomous-republic-of-crimea-announces-a-referendum-to-determine-the-regionas-future-and-ousts-the-regional.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
5. [Valeriy Heletey takes office as the third Defense Minister of Ukraine after the 2014 Ukrainian revolution, replacing Mykhailo Koval ](/news/2014/07/3/valeriy-heletey-takes-office-as-the-third-defense-minister-of-ukraine-after-the-2014-ukrainian-revolution-replacing-mykhailo-koval.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_

### Changes:

1. [2014 Crimean crisis, 2014 Ukrainian revolution:Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http:--inserbia.info-news-2014-03-ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea- (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http:--uk.reuters.com-article-2014-03-02-ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]{{dead link|date=March 2014}}](/news/2014/03/2/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-pukraine-s-navy-commander-in-chief-denis-berezovsky-who-was-appointed-only-march-1-defects.md) _2017-05-01 03:43:34 (First version)_
2. [2014 Crimean crisis: 2014 Ukrainian revolution: Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http:--inserbia.info-news-2014-03-ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea- (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]: Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http:--uk.reuters.com-article-2014-03-02-ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014](/news/2014/03/2/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-ukraine-s-navy-commander-in-chief-denis-berezovsky-who-was-appointed-only-march-1-defects.md) _2017-08-27 03:40:24 (Update)_
2. [Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http:--inserbia.info-news-2014-03-ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea- (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http:--uk.reuters.com-article-2014-03-02-ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014](/news/2014/03/2/ukraine-s-navy-commander-in-chief-denis-berezovsky-who-was-appointed-only-march-1-defects-to-the-russia-backed-crimea-government-http.md) _(Current version)_
