### [2010-07-25](/news/2010/07/25/index.md)

# United States Secretary of the Treasury Tim Geithner pushes for Congress to allow the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers in the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 to expire at the end of 2010, while extending the act's tax cuts for middle- and lower-income taxpayers. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/07/25/geithner.taxes/index.html?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [ In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.](/news/2004/01/10/in-publicity-for-a-new-book-for-which-former-u-s-treasury-secretary-paul-o-neill-is-the-primary-source-60-minutes-reveals-o-neill-s-cla.md) _Context: Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, Treasury Secretary_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States Congress_
3. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States Congress_
4. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: United States Congress_
5. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress_
6. [U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that-once-approved-by-both-houses-wil.md) _Context: United States Congress_
7. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: United States Congress_
8. [The United States Senate, in a 53-47 vote, confirms Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Secretary. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-united-states-senate-in-a-53a47-vote-confirms-steven-mnuchin-to-be-treasury-secretary.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary_
9. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Congress_
10. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: United States Congress_
