### [2016-12-10](/news/2016/12/10/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. 

Yahya Jammeh had conceded result to Adama Barrow but now claims ‘fresh and transparent elections’ are needed


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/10/the-gambia-troops-deployed-to-streets-as-president-rejects-election-defeat)

### Related:

1. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
2. [Gambian parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/gambian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-l.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
3. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
4. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
5. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
6. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis: Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. ](/news/2017/01/21/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-former-president-yahya-jammeh-leaves-the-gambia-on-a-plane-reportedly-bound-for-guinea.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
7. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
8. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh_
9. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambia's Chief Justice sets January 10, 2017, for the hearing by the Supreme Court, made up of judges from Nigeria and Sierra Leone, of President Yahya Jammeh's ruling party's legal challenge of the December 1 election results. ](/news/2016/12/21/gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambia-s-chief-justice-sets-january-10-2017-for-the-hearing-by-the-supreme-court-made-up-of-judges-f.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh_
10. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/gambian-presidential-election-2016-leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-g.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh_
