### [2016-12-10](/news/2016/12/10/index.md)

# At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. 

A freight train derails and explodes in a north-east Bulgarian village, killing five people.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38274342)
2. [Independent Ireland](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/residents-evacuated-and-at-least-four-killed-as-propanebutane-train-derails-and-explodes-35283328.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-expolosion-idUSKBN13Z05T?il=0)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/12/10/world/europe/ap-eu-bulgaria-explosion.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
2. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
3. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November.   ](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate-receiving-the-majority-necessary-to-win.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
4. [Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS ''Porter''. The USS ''Porter'' arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. ](/news/2016/06/10/russia-s-foreign-ministry-warns-of-retaliatory-measures-over-the-entry-of-the-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-porter-the-uss-port.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
6. [Residents from more than 50 homes in Ripley, New York, are evacuated following the derailment of a  34-car Norfolk Southern train carrying hazardous materials in the southwestern part of the state. Ethanol leaked from the two of the 16 derailed cars. A third car carrying propane crashed but did not leak. ](/news/2016/03/1/residents-from-more-than-50-homes-in-ripley-new-york-are-evacuated-following-the-derailment-of-a-34-car-norfolk-southern-train-carrying-h.md) _Context: propane_
7. [At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. ](/news/2015/10/15/at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-after-bulgarian-border-guards-open-fire-on-a-group-of-illegal-migrants-after-they-attempted-to-cros.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
8. [A series of explosions involving propane triggering nearby illegally stored mining detonators in the Indian town of Petlawad in the state of Madhya Pradesh kills at least 104 people with over 150 missing. ](/news/2015/09/12/a-series-of-explosions-involving-propane-triggering-nearby-illegally-stored-mining-detonators-in-the-indian-town-of-petlawad-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: propane_
9. [A Nieto Express propane gas tanker truck explodes near the loading dock of a maternity and children's hospital (Hospital Materno Infantil Cuajimalpa) in Mexico City, collapsing much of the hospital with at least three deaths and 70 people injured, 22 of whom are children. ](/news/2015/01/29/a-nieto-express-propane-gas-tanker-truck-explodes-near-the-loading-dock-of-a-maternity-and-children-s-hospital-hospital-materno-infantil-cu.md) _Context: propane_
10. [Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-abandons-its-plans-for-the-south-stream-pipeline-to-bulgaria-due-to-european-union-objections-instead-looking-at-a-pipeline-to-turkey.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
