### [2016-12-10](/news/2016/12/10/index.md)

# China opposes any new sanctions against North Korea during a meeting in the United Nations Security Council. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/12/10/world/asia/ap-as-china-nkorea.html)

### Related:

1. [China's Ministry of Commerce says that it is restricting trade with North Korea, in line with the recent sanctions approved by the United Nations Security Council last March. China will be banning the export of jet fuel and import of gold, some coal and "rare earth metals" used in high-tech goods. ](/news/2016/04/5/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-says-that-it-is-restricting-trade-with-north-korea-in-line-with-the-recent-sanctions-approved-by-the-united-na.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
2. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-united-nations-security-council-e.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Chinese, United Nations Security Council_
7. [China's Ministry of Commerce suspends all coal imports from North Korea until the end of 2017, as part of international sanctions against North Korea over its ballistic missile program. ](/news/2017/02/18/china-s-ministry-of-commerce-suspends-all-coal-imports-from-north-korea-until-the-end-of-2017-as-part-of-international-sanctions-against-no.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea_
8. [The United Nations Security Council  condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions.  ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's failed ballistic missile test yesterday, as well as two other unsuccessful ones in April. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-failed-ballistic-missile-test-yesterday-as-well-as-two-other-unsuccessful-ones-i.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea.  China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile  delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: Chinese, North Korea_
