### [2016-12-10](/news/2016/12/10/index.md)

# Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. 

President to be awarded the prize for his efforts to bring the country’s more than 50-year-long civil war to an end.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/colombia-santos-nobel-peace-prize-161210103337776.html)

### Related:

1. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: 2016 Nobel Peace Prize, Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum.  President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peace-accord-in-cartagen.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces the discovery of the Spanish galleon San Jose which sunk off that country's coast over 300 years ago. The discovery was a joint venture between Colombia and U.S. firm Sea Search Armada, which filed a lawsuit when Colombia claimed the wreck as a heritage site. The wreck's cargo is placed somewhere in the $4 to $17 billion range. ](/news/2015/12/5/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-the-discovery-of-the-spanish-galleon-san-josa-c-which-sunk-off-that-countryas-coast-over-3.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [Oslo's city council announces plans to ban cars from the Norwegian capital's central city by 2019. ](/news/2015/10/20/oslo-s-city-council-announces-plans-to-ban-cars-from-the-norwegian-capital-s-central-city-by-2019.md) _Context: Norway, Oslo_
8. [Voters in Colombia go to the polls for a presidential election, pitting incumbent Juan Manuel Santos against Oscar Ivan Zuluaga. Santos is reelected with 51% of the vote. ](/news/2014/06/15/voters-in-colombia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-pitting-incumbent-juan-manuel-santos-against-ascar-iva-n-zuluaga-santos-is.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian presidential election, 2014:Voters in Colombia go to the polls for the first round in the presidential election. Opposition candidate Oscar Ivan Zuluaga wins a plurality of votes and will face the incumbent Juan Manuel Santos in the second round. ](/news/2014/05/25/colombian-presidential-election-2014-pvoters-in-colombia-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-in-the-presidential-election-opposition-candi.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Leaders of the European Union accept the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2012/12/10/leaders-of-the-european-union-accept-the-2012-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Norway, Oslo_
