### [2005-10-23](/news/2005/10/23/index.md)

#  The second round of the Polish Presidential election is held today between conservative candidates Lech Kaczynski and Donald Tusk. According to exit polls conducted by Polish television stations, Kaczynski is the winner. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://uk.news.yahoo.com/23102005/323/poland-elects-conservative-kaczynski-president-exit-polls.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000087&sid=axNhYnPPI47c&refer=top_world_news)

### Related:

1. [ In the Polish presidential election, frontrunner Donald Tusk of the liberal (libertarian) Civic Platform party  receives approximately 35.8% of the vote, slightly ahead of Lech Kaczynski  of the conservative Law and Justice Party with 33.3%. A run-off election between Tusk and Kaczynski will take place on October 23.   ](/news/2005/10/9/in-the-polish-presidential-election-frontrunner-donald-tusk-of-the-liberal-libertarian-civic-platform-party-receives-approximately-35-8.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Lech Kaczyński, Polish Presidential election_
2. [President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk-could-begin-its-formal-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-european-union-early.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
4. [European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announce-sweden-will-ask-to-tra.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
5. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Lech Kaczyński_
6. [Former Polish prime minister Donald Tusk becomes the second full-time President of the European Union. ](/news/2014/12/1/former-polish-prime-minister-donald-tusk-becomes-the-second-full-time-president-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
7. [Poland's parliamentary speaker, Radoslaw Sikorski, says that Russian President Vladimir Putin proposed to Poland's then leader Donald Tusk in 2008 that they divide Ukraine between themselves. Sikorski later retracted the claim stating he had "mis-remembered". ](/news/2014/10/21/poland-s-parliamentary-speaker-radoslaw-sikorski-says-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-proposed-to-poland-s-then-leader-donald-tusk-i.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
8. [Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. ](/news/2014/08/30/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-is-chosen-as-the-president-of-the-european-council-while-federica-mogherini-is-chosen-as-the-hig.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
9. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
10. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-a-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
