### [2017-09-18](/news/2017/09/18/index.md)

# Eberhard van der Laan, the Mayor of Amsterdam, takes a permanent leave of absence after disclosing that his metastatic lung cancer has been diagnosed as terminal. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](https://nos.nl/artikel/2193622-zieke-amsterdamse-burgemeester-van-der-laan-legt-werk-neer.html)
2. [RTL Nieuws](https://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nederland/zieke-burgemeester-van-der-laan-stopt-per-direct-vaarwel)

### Related:

1. [California's right to die law, that allows physicians to prescribe medicines to terminally ill patients to hasten their deaths, goes into effect. California is the fifth state in America where this practice is legal. Opponents sue to overturn the law as unconstitutional because it denies terminally ill patients protections afforded other citizens. ](/news/2016/06/9/california-s-right-to-die-law-that-allows-physicians-to-prescribe-medicines-to-terminally-ill-patients-to-hasten-their-deaths-goes-into-ef.md) _Context: terminal_
2. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: lung cancer_
3. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: metastatic_
4. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: lung cancer_
5. [New research has suggested lung cancer patients could benefit from the use of statin drugs. Dr. Chris Cardwell, Ph.D., and researchers at Queens University Belfast in Northern Ireland found lung cancer patients who used statins within a year of diagnosis had a reduced risk of death from the disease, the American Association for Cancer Research reported. To make their finding, the research team looked at data on about 14,000 patients who were newly diagnosed with lung cancer between the years of 1998 and 2009 and were a part of the English cancer registry. ](/news/2015/05/2/new-research-has-suggested-lung-cancer-patients-could-benefit-from-the-use-of-statin-drugs-dr-chris-cardwell-ph-d-and-researchers-at-qu.md) _Context: lung cancer_
6. [Pop singer Donna Summer dies of lung cancer at the age of 63. ](/news/2012/05/17/pop-singer-donna-summer-dies-of-lung-cancer-at-the-age-of-63.md) _Context: lung cancer_
7. [Polish poet Wislawa Szymborska, former winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, dies of lung cancer at 88. ](/news/2012/02/1/polish-poet-wisaawa-szymborska-former-winner-of-the-nobel-prize-for-literature-dies-of-lung-cancer-at-88.md) _Context: lung cancer_
8. [ Steve Jobs takes a six-month medical leave of absence as CEO of Apple Inc. ](/news/2009/01/14/steve-jobs-takes-a-six-month-medical-leave-of-absence-as-ceo-of-apple-inc.md) _Context: leave of absence_
9. [ Kosovo President Ibrahim Rugova dies at 61, after a lung cancer. He was the first President of Kosovo, and the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK).](/news/2006/01/21/kosovo-president-ibrahim-rugova-dies-at-61-after-a-lung-cancer-he-was-the-first-president-of-kosovo-and-the-leader-of-the-democratic-lea.md) _Context: lung cancer_
10. [ Ibrahim Rugova, the President of Kosovo, has announced that he has lung cancer but will not be stepping down. ](/news/2005/09/5/ibrahim-rugova-the-president-of-kosovo-has-announced-that-he-has-lung-cancer-but-will-not-be-stepping-down.md) _Context: lung cancer_
