### [2017-09-18](/news/2017/09/18/index.md)

# Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. 

Maria grew from a tropical storm into a Category 5 hurricane and was bearing down on Puerto Rico and other Caribbean islands still bailing out from Irma.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/hurricane-maria-loads-another-blow-caribbean-n802511?cid=eml_nbn_20170918)
1. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_38/2158271/170918-hurricane-maria-mc-1002_754b9742f9ee43efadd6787da4aa2e12.nbcnews-fp-1200-630.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico_
2. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominican Republic, Hurricane Maria_
3. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
4. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
5. [Hurricane Irma makes first landfall on Barbuda, Saint Martin, and Anguilla in the northeastern Leeward Islands. Irma has maintained 185 mph winds for 24 hours, setting another record for Atlantic and eastern Pacific storms. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-irma-makes-first-landfall-on-barbuda-saint-martin-and-anguilla-in-the-northeastern-leeward-islands-irma-has-maintained-185-mph.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Leeward Islands_
6. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
7. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
8. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Leeward Islands_
9. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Category 5, Dominican Republic_
10. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
