### [2004-10-4](/news/2004/10/4/index.md)

#  Canada's 38th Parliament opens with the selection of the Commons Speaker. It is the first minority government in 25 years. The Throne Speech follows tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/10/04/parliament041004.html)

### Related:

1. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Queen's Speech_
2. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
3. [Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-with-canadian-prime-minister-justi.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
4. [South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to-1.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
5. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
6. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
7. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
8. [A gunman shoots a Canadian Forces soldier outside the Canadian National War Memorial, with the gunman later reported dead inside the Canadian Parliament buildings. The incident came hours after Canada raised its terror threat level from low to medium following Monday's fatal hit-and-run attack on two soldiers in Quebec. ](/news/2014/10/22/a-gunman-shoots-a-canadian-forces-soldier-outside-the-canadian-national-war-memorial-with-the-gunman-later-reported-dead-inside-the-canadia.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
9. [Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/official-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-national-party-holding-a-plurality-of-the-votes-and-seats-with-con.md) _Context: minority government_
10. [Police clashed with protesters in Valparaiso, Chile over the government's proposed hydro-electric dam project and education and labour policies which, student leaders say, are going "in the opposite way from those the population were demanding". The demonstration coincides with Sebastian Pinera's state of the nation address. ](/news/2011/05/21/police-clashed-with-protesters-in-valparaaso-chile-over-the-government-s-proposed-hydro-electric-dam-project-and-education-and-labour-poli.md) _Context: Queen's Speech_
