### [2003-04-8](/news/2003/04/8/index.md)

#  Deaths of three journalists in Baghdad: Two American air to surface missiles hit the Qatar satellite station Al Jazeera's office in Baghdad and kill a reporter and wound a cameraman. U.S. Officials said that the offices were not targeted, but were right next to the Iraqi Ministry of Information building which was a target. The nearby office of Arab satellite channel Abu Dhabi is also hit by air strikes. Al Jazeera accuses the U.S. of attacking Arab media to hide facts. On the same day a U.S. tank fires into the 15th floor of the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad, where almost all remaining foreign journalists are based, and kills two cameramen and wounds three. In the Abu Dhabi case the station airs the picture of Iraqi fire from beneath of the camera. In the hotel case, however, other journalists on the scene deny any fire from or around the hotel.,




### Related:

1. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Baghdad, Qatar_
2. [ The Iraqi Information Ministry bans Qatar-based Al Jazeera satellite television from Baghdad.](/news/2003/04/2/the-iraqi-information-ministry-bans-qatar-based-al-jazeera-satellite-television-from-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Baghdad, Qatar_
3. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
4. [The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. ](/news/2012/07/4/the-qatari-owned-satellite-channel-al-jazeera-reports-that-traces-of-radioactive-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-some-personal-effects-of.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
5. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, Qatar_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 20 Shia Militia members and Iraqi Police have died following a Sunni Arab ambush in Nahrawan, South East of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/10/27/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-20-shia-militia-members-and-iraqi-police-have-died-following-a-sunni-arab-ambush-in-nahrawan-south-east-of-bagh.md) _Context: Arab, Baghdad_
7. [ 28 bodies, believed to mainly be Sunni Arabs, have been found in Baghdad sidestreets. ](/news/2005/06/12/28-bodies-believed-to-mainly-be-sunni-arabs-have-been-found-in-baghdad-sidestreets.md) _Context: Arab, Baghdad_
8. [ Iran suspends operations of al Jazeera and accuses it of inflaming protests of the Iranian Arab minority. 220 people have been arrested during the unrest. ](/news/2005/04/19/iran-suspends-operations-of-al-jazeera-and-accuses-it-of-inflaming-protests-of-the-iranian-arab-minority-220-people-have-been-arrested-dur.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Arab_
9. [ Leading Saudi Arabian newspaper "al-Riyadh" (which often reflects government thinking) claims that Qatar's Al Jazeera television coverage of the bombing in Riyadh is aimed at inciting more violence. Thirty media outlets claim, with two separate letters sent to The Pentagon, that United States troops are harassing journalists in Iraq and sometimes confiscating equipment, digital camera media and videotapes. A statement by a Pentagon official states the military is aware of reports that soldiers had sometimes not followed procedures on dealing with the media and promises to take appropriate action.](/news/2003/11/13/leading-saudi-arabian-newspaper-al-riyadh-which-often-reflects-government-thinking-claims-that-qatar-s-al-jazeera-television-coverage-o.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
10. [ Baghdad falls to coalition forces. American infantrymen seize deserted Ba'ath Party ministries and pull down a huge iron statue of Saddam Hussein at the Firdos Square in front of the Palestine Hotel, as a symbolic ending his autocratic rule of Iraq. Baghdad citizens then dragged the severed head of the statue through the streets of the city. Dozens of people there cheer U.S. soldiers, according to BBC. Much looting of cars and buildings is seen in Baghdad and other cities as the government and police lost control.](/news/2003/04/9/baghdad-falls-to-coalition-forces-american-infantrymen-seize-deserted-ba-ath-party-ministries-and-pull-down-a-huge-iron-statue-of-saddam-h.md) _Context: Baghdad, Palestine Hotel_
