### [2003-04-8](/news/2003/04/8/index.md)

#  The Iraqi ambassador to the Arab League, Mohsen Khalil, announces that "Iraq has now already achieved victory&nbsp;- apart from some technicalities."




### Related:

1. [The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-delegation-from-saudi-arabia-departed-from-the-meeting-of-the-arab-league-offended-by-remarks-of-the-foreign-minister-of-iraq-ibrahim.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
2. [ The UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, makes a surprise visit to Iraq and expresses support for an Arab League conference discussing cooperation with Iraq's many factions. ](/news/2005/11/12/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-expresses-support-for-an-arab-league-conference-discussing-cooperat.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Insurgent attacks throughout Iraq leave seven Iraqis, two security officials from the Arab league and one U.S. soldier dead. ](/news/2005/10/10/conflict-in-iraq-insurgent-attacks-throughout-iraq-leave-seven-iraqis-two-security-officials-from-the-arab-league-and-one-u-s-soldier-de.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
4. [ Officials from the Arab League, Organisation of the Islamic Conference, G8 nations, People's Republic of China and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan convene at Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt to discuss and issue declarations on Iraq. ](/news/2004/11/23/officials-from-the-arab-league-organisation-of-the-islamic-conference-g8-nations-people-s-republic-of-china-and-un-secretary-general-kof.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
5. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
6. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
