### [2003-04-8](/news/2003/04/8/index.md)

#  U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei reiterates a statement he made on March 31, to which the United States has yet to respond, that only the UN IAEA has a mandate to search out and destroy any nuclear weapons or parts of a nuclear weapons program found in Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ The UN International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei share the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to limit the spread of atomic weapons. ](/news/2005/10/7/the-un-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-share-the-2005-nobel-peace-prize-for-their-efforts-to.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
2. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2005/02/16/mohamed-elbaradei-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-states-there-is-no-evidence-to-suggest-iran-is-developing-nuclear.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
3. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: IAEA, Iraq, nuclear weapon_
4. [Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. ](/news/2010/03/4/egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-says-he-does-not-mind-the-nomination-of-the-former-director-general-of-international-atomic-energy-agency-m.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
5. [ Former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei says that if he decides to run in the presidential election in Egypt in 2011, he will run as an independent candidate instead of running as a candidate of any of the political parties in Egypt. ](/news/2009/12/11/former-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-that-if-he-decides-to-run-in-the-presidenti.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
6. [ The head of IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, says the agency cannot be sure "about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities" in Iran. ](/news/2007/11/22/the-head-of-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-the-agency-cannot-be-sure-about-the-absence-of-undeclared-nuclear-material-and-activities-in-ir.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
7. [ "The New York Times" reports that a website created at the request of United States Representative Peter Hoekstra and Senator Pat Roberts was found to contain detailed information which could help nuclear-capable states produce nuclear weapons. The website was shut down on November 2 following questioning by "The New York Times" and protests by International Atomic Energy Agency officials. ](/news/2006/11/3/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-website-created-at-the-request-of-united-states-representative-peter-hoekstra-and-senator-pat-roberts-w.md) _Context: IAEA, nuclear weapon_
8. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei receive the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo. ](/news/2005/12/10/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-receive-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
9. [ According to the Washington Post the Bush administration used wire taps to intercept a number of phone conversations of Mohamed ElBaradei, Director General of the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency in hope of finding information that would help remove ElBaradei from his post. ](/news/2004/12/12/according-to-the-washington-post-the-bush-administration-used-wire-taps-to-intercept-a-number-of-phone-conversations-of-mohamed-elbaradei.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
10. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency announces that two weeks ago, the Iraqi government informed the agency that about 380 tons (345,000 kg) of powerful explosives, potentially usable in detonators for nuclear bombs, apparently disappeared from the Al-Qaqaa weapons facility, a site about 30 miles south of Baghdad, sometime shortly before or after Saddam Hussein's government fell. The Iraqi director of planning attributed the disappearance to "the theft and looting of the governmental installations due to lack of security", although other sources indicate the explosives could have been removed by the Hussein regime itself. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6598253 1], [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6604096 2], CNN: [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/index.html 1], [http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/ 2])](/news/2004/10/25/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-the-iraqi-government-informed-the-agency-that-about-380-tons-345-000.md) _Context: IAEA, nuclear weapon_
