### [2014-08-28](/news/2014/08/28/index.md)

# Australia and Indonesia sign a code of conduct to govern diplomatic ties following revelations in late 2013 that Australia's Defence Signals Directorate had tapped the phones of the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/australia-indonesia-to/1333830.html)

### Related:

1. [Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/indonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian-flags-to-protest-alleged-bugging-of-pr.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
2. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
3. [Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono arrives in Canberra for his "symbolic" three-day visit to Australia. ](/news/2010/03/9/indonesian-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-arrives-in-canberra-for-his-symbolic-three-day-visit-to-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
4. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia, President of Indonesia_
5. [The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemns the beheading of an Indonesian maid in Saudi Arabia and condemns the Saudi Government of breaking the "norms and manners" of international relations. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-condemns-the-beheading-of-an-indonesian-maid-in-saudi-arabia-and-condemns-the-saudi-gove.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
6. [ The President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, is declared as the winner of the Indonesian presidential election. ](/news/2009/07/24/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-is-declared-as-the-winner-of-the-indonesian-presidential-election.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
7. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush visits Indonesia to meet with the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono with large crowds protesting US foreign policy. ](/news/2006/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-visits-indonesia-to-meet-with-the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-with-la.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
8. [ Memorial services around the world, including one in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, attended by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, mark the first anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which saw 275,000 people killed or left missing. ](/news/2005/12/26/memorial-services-around-the-world-including-one-in-banda-aceh-indonesia-attended-by-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-mark-the-first.md) _Context: Indonesia, President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
9. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, Indonesia_
10. [Joko Widodo, the President of Indonesia, cancels a planned visit to Australia following violent protests in Jakarta that resulted in one death and 12 injured. ](/news/2016/11/5/joko-widodo-the-president-of-indonesia-cancels-a-planned-visit-to-australia-following-violent-protests-in-jakarta-that-resulted-in-one-dea.md) _Context: Australia, President of Indonesia_
