### [2014-08-28](/news/2014/08/28/index.md)

# Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:: Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/A/AS_MALAYSIA_PLANE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. ](/news/2015/01/29/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-without-recovering-any-physical-evidence-including-the-data-recorders-malaysia-officially-declares-the-loss.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Asylum seekers at the Christmas Island Immigration Reception and Processing Centre off the Indian Ocean coast of Western Australia start a hunger strike in protest at their deportation to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/6/asylum-seekers-at-the-christmas-island-immigration-reception-and-processing-centre-off-the-indian-ocean-coast-of-western-australia-start-a-h.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia, Western Australia_
3. [Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/search-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysi.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: A Malaysian court dismisses Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore has no liability to relatives. The court ruled MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Terrorism in Malaysia: Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/terrorism-in-malaysia-australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capita.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
8. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Debris found near the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is consistent with material from a Boeing 777 and is being examined to confirm whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2015/07/29/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-debris-found-near-the-indian-ocean-island-of-ra-c-union-is-consistent-with-material-from-a-boeing-777-and-is-bei.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Two brothers whose father was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year when it disappeared receive compensation from the government of Malaysia and Malaysian Airlines. ](/news/2015/06/2/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-two-brothers-whose-father-was-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-last-year-when-it-disappeared-receive-compensati.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
