### [2004-12-6](/news/2004/12/6/index.md)

#  Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams recommends that Sinn Fin support a British-Irish power-sharing plan for Northern Ireland that involves the public decommissioning of the arms held by the Irish Republican Army. Ian Paisley of the loyalist Democratic Unionist Party may become first minister of Northern Ireland, with former IRA member Martin McGuinness as his deputy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4070739.stm)

### Related:

1. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Irish Republican Army, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
2. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
3. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Ian Paisley, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
4. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fin_
5. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Irish Republican Army, Northern Ireland_
6. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Irish, Sinn Fin_
7. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
8. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. ](/news/2012/06/22/sinn-fein-s-martin-mcguinness-will-shake-hands-with-elizabeth-ii-at-a-historic-first-meeting-between-a-british-monarch-and-member-of-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
9. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-and-deputy-first-mi.md) _Context: Irish, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
