### [2016-09-10](/news/2016/09/10/index.md)

# Fiji authorities detain two opposition party leaders, a prominent trade unionist, and another opposition activist, following their participation in Wednesday's forum on the Pacific island's 2013 constitution. A police spokesperson told the "Fiji Times" that several people were being questioned about comments made at the forum that, "Could affect the safety and security of all Fijians." 

The leaders of Fiji&#39;s two opposition parties remained in police custody on Sunday, after their arrest over a meeting regarding the constitution.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/312994/fiji-opposition-leaders-detained,-offices-searched-by-police)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-fiji-politics-arrests-idUSKCN11G06D?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Prime Minister of Fiji's military government, says a new constitution will be ready by February 2013. ](/news/2012/03/9/commodore-frank-bainimarama-prime-minister-of-fiji-s-military-government-says-a-new-constitution-will-be-ready-by-february-2013.md) _Context: 2013 constitution, Fiji_
2. [News Corporation sells the "Fiji Times" to Fijian company Motibhai two weeks before a deadline set by the government of interim Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama. ](/news/2010/09/15/news-corporation-sells-the-fiji-times-to-fijian-company-motibhai-two-weeks-before-a-deadline-set-by-the-government-of-interim-prime-minist.md) _Context: Fiji, Fiji Times_
3. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes west of the Pacific Island of Tonga. There are no immediate reports of casualties or damage. ](/news/2017/08/19/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-west-of-the-pacific-island-of-tonga-there-are-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or.md) _Context: Pacific Island_
4. [Proposal for a new flag of Fiji:. Fiji prime minister Voreqe Bainimarama scraps plans to change the flag of Fiji as the feel-good factor envelops the Pacific nation following a first Olympic medal, a gold in men's rugby sevens. ](/news/2016/08/18/proposal-for-a-new-flag-of-fiji-fiji-prime-minister-voreqe-bainimarama-scraps-plans-to-change-the-flag-of-fiji-as-the-feel-good-factor-env.md) _Context: Fiji_
5. [Fiji-New Zealand relations. New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji, the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions. ](/news/2016/06/9/fiji-new-zealand-relations-new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup.md) _Context: Fiji_
6. [Fiji's ambassador to the United Nations Peter Thomson is elected as President of the United Nations General Assembly for its 71st session. ](/news/2016/06/13/fiji-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-peter-thomson-is-elected-as-president-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-for-its-71st-session.md) _Context: Fiji_
7. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up.md) _Context: Fiji_
8. [Health authorities in Fiji are urging people to observe strict personal hygiene as the country goes through a massive outbreak of conjunctivitis. In the past 14 days alone the number of cases of the virus in one district of Suva have jumped from 700 to 5000 cases. ](/news/2016/04/1/health-authorities-in-fiji-are-urging-people-to-observe-strict-personal-hygiene-as-the-country-goes-through-a-massive-outbreak-of-conjunctiv.md) _Context: Fiji_
9. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Winston. Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: Fiji_
10. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Winston. The death toll from Cyclone Winston in Fiji rises to 29. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-winston-in-fiji-rises-to-29.md) _Context: Fiji_
