### [2016-09-10](/news/2016/09/10/index.md)

# The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. 

The US and Russia reach an agreement on Syria, starting with a cessation of hostilities on Monday and followed by joint action against so-called Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37324872)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria, al-Nusra_
2. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Obama Administration, Russia, Russia-United States relations, Syria_
3. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria_
4. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Obama Administration, Syria_
5. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Obama Administration, Russia, Russia-United States relations_
6. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria_
7. [Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-will-continue-until-terrorist-organisations-like-isil-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, al-Nusra_
8. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, al-Nusra_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria_
10. [For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-missiles-launched-from-a-kilo-cla.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria_
