### [2016-09-10](/news/2016/09/10/index.md)

# The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. 

John Hinckley Jr, who tried to kill US President Ronald Reagan in 1981, is freed after 35 years in a psychiatric hospital.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37328612)

### Related:

1. [A federal judge, Paul L. Friedman, rules that John Hinckley Jr., who attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan outside the Washington Hilton on March 30, 1981, is to be released after 35 years at St. Elizabeths Hospital as he no longer poses a danger to himself or others. ](/news/2016/07/27/a-federal-judge-paul-l-friedman-rules-that-john-hinckley-jr-who-attempted-to-assassinate-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-outside-the-washi.md) _Context: John Hinckley Jr, Ronald Reagan_
2. [A  judge grants John Hinckley, Jr., the man who tried to assassinate then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan in 1981, additional visits to his family from the Washington, DC psychiatric hospital where he is confined. ](/news/2011/05/11/a-judge-grants-john-hinckley-jr-the-man-who-tried-to-assassinate-then-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-in-1981-additional-v.md) _Context: John Hinckley Jr, Ronald Reagan_
3. [The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia blocks  health insurer Anthem Inc.'s proposed $54 billion merger with rival Cigna because it would have exacerbated an already highly concentrated market and likely raised prices. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-u-s-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-health-insurer-anthem-inc-s-proposed-54-billion-merger-with-rival-cigna-becau.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
5. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
6. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
7. [The recent death of James Brady, former press secretary to Ronald Reagan, is classified as a homicide 33 years after Brady was shot by John W. Hinckley. ](/news/2014/08/8/the-recent-death-of-james-brady-former-press-secretary-to-ronald-reagan-is-classified-as-a-homicide-33-years-after-brady-was-shot-by-john.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
8. [U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May.  ](/news/2014/02/7/u-s-chief-justice-john-g-roberts-announces-he-appointed-judge-richard-c-tallman-of-the-ninth-circuit-to-the-united-states-foreign-intelli.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
9. [American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in ''Klayman vs Obama''. A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. ](/news/2013/12/16/american-judge-richard-j-leon-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-coll.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
10. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
