### [2010-09-14](/news/2010/09/14/index.md)

# British singer George Michael is given a sentence of eight weeks for driving under the influence of cannabis at the Highbury Corner Magistrates Court in London. 

Singer George Michael is jailed for eight weeks for crashing his car while under the influence of cannabis.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-11305611)

### Related:

1. [British pop star George Michael is transferred from Pentonville Prison to Highpoint Prison in Suffolk, England, to serve out the remaining weeks of his sentence for driving under the influence of cannabis. ](/news/2010/09/18/british-pop-star-george-michael-is-transferred-from-pentonville-prison-to-highpoint-prison-in-suffolk-england-to-serve-out-the-remaining-w.md) _Context: George Michael, driving under the influence, marijuana_
2. [British pop singer George Michael is released from a Suffolk prison after serving 4 weeks for driving while under the influence of cannabis. ](/news/2010/10/11/british-pop-singer-george-michael-is-released-from-a-suffolk-prison-after-serving-4-weeks-for-driving-while-under-the-influence-of-cannabis.md) _Context: George Michael, marijuana_
3. [Singer George Michael is charged with possessing cannabis and being unfit for driving. ](/news/2010/08/12/singer-george-michael-is-charged-with-possessing-cannabis-and-being-unfit-for-driving.md) _Context: George Michael, marijuana_
4. [Tiger Woods, an American professional golfer, is arrested for driving under the influence due to mixing medications, no alcohol was detected in his system. ](/news/2017/05/29/tiger-woods-an-american-professional-golfer-is-arrested-for-driving-under-the-influence-due-to-mixing-medications-no-alcohol-was-detected.md) _Context: driving under the influence_
5. [Cannabis in Israel: Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/cannabis-in-israel-israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marij.md) _Context: marijuana_
6. [Drug policy of Canada: Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/drug-policy-of-canada-canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring.md) _Context: marijuana_
7. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
8. [The Mexican Supreme Court, in a 4-1 decision, rules that people have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. The decision challenges the country-s current substance abuse laws. "Fox News Latino" and "The New York Times" point out the ruling only covers the plaintiffs in one case, a group that wants to form a "Pot Club." A precedent will be established if the court approves five similar petitions. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-mexican-supreme-court-in-a-4-1-decision-rules-that-people-have-the-right-to-grow-and-distribute-marijuana-for-their-personal-use-the.md) _Context: marijuana_
9. [2015 Oklahoma State University homecoming parade crash: A driver, arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence (DUI), plows into the Oklahoma State Homecoming parade in Stillwater, Oklahoma, killing four people and injuring 34 with eight in critical condition. The homecoming game with Kansas was played at 2:30 p.m. CT as scheduled. ](/news/2015/10/24/2015-oklahoma-state-university-homecoming-parade-crash-a-driver-arrested-on-suspicion-of-driving-under-the-influence-dui-plows-into-the.md) _Context: driving under the influence_
10. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: driving under the influence_
