### [2013-02-15](/news/2013/02/15/index.md)

# Westminster's Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority launches an investigation into expenses claims submitted by MP Nadine Dorries. 

The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority says it will investigate expenses claims submitted by MP Nadine Dorries.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21472000)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be -the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster-. ](/news/2017/04/24/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-ele.md) _Context: Westminster_
2. [The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-uk-independence-party-ukip-s-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-the-party-to-become-an-independent-mp.md) _Context: MP_
3. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: MP_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _Context: MP_
5. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation-s poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was -bully politics- that would -disgust- the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP_
6. [West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: MP_
7. [British Conservative Party MP Nadine Dorries is allowed to rejoin the party, having been suspended in November 2012 for her appearance on a reality television show during parliamentary time. ](/news/2013/05/8/british-conservative-party-mp-nadine-dorries-is-allowed-to-rejoin-the-party-having-been-suspended-in-november-2012-for-her-appearance-on-a.md) _Context: Nadine Dorries_
8. [Giorgio Napolitano is re-elected President of Italy with 738 votes in the sixth ballot amid widespread protests by MPs eager to elect Stefano Rodota. ](/news/2013/04/20/giorgio-napolitano-is-re-elected-president-of-italy-with-738-votes-in-the-sixth-ballot-amid-widespread-protests-by-mps-eager-to-elect-stefan.md) _Context: MP_
9. [In Croatia, people go to the polls to elect the first ever European MPs of the country, anticipating the formal entry of Croatia in the European Union, in July. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-croatia-people-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-first-ever-european-mps-of-the-country-anticipating-the-formal-entry-of-croatia-in-the-euro.md) _Context: MP_
10. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: MP_
