### [2011-03-18](/news/2011/03/18/index.md)

# Former British Airways software engineer Rajib Karim, of Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom is jailed for 30 years for plotting to blow up a plane. 

A British Airways computer expert is jailed for 30 years for plotting to blow up a plane after contacting an al-Qaeda preacher based in Yemen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-12788224)

### Related:

1. [British Airways IT expert Rajib Karim is convicted on charges related to plotting to blow up a plane. ](/news/2011/02/28/british-airways-it-expert-rajib-karim-is-convicted-on-charges-related-to-plotting-to-blow-up-a-plane.md) _Context: British Airways, Rajib Karim_
2. [ The United Kingdom Office of Fair Trading levies a fine of GBP121.5 million on British Airways for price collusion over long distance passenger fuel surcharges. British Airways and Korean Air later plead guilty to conspiracies to fix the price of passenger and cargo fees in the United States with fines of $300 million each being levied. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-united-kingdom-office-of-fair-trading-levies-a-fine-of-agbp121-5-million-on-british-airways-for-price-collusion-over-long-distance-pass.md) _Context: Britain, British Airways_
3. [ Guardsman Anthony John Wakefield, from Newcastle upon Tyne, has been killed in Iraq after being injured in hostile action in the southern town of Al Amarah, bringing the total of UK servicemen killed in the Iraq conflict to 87. ](/news/2005/05/2/guardsman-anthony-john-wakefield-from-newcastle-upon-tyne-has-been-killed-in-iraq-after-being-injured-in-hostile-action-in-the-southern-t.md) _Context: Britain, Newcastle upon Tyne_
4. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain_
