### [2007-11-17](/news/2007/11/17/index.md)

#  2007 Burmese anti-government protests: The State Peace and Development Council admits 15 people have died during the protests, while United Nations envoy Paulo Sergio Pinheiro meets with ministers and political prisoners, including Win Tin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7098330.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations human rights envoy Paulo Sergio Pinheiro visits political prisoners, including Su Su Nway, in Burma's Insein Prison. ](/news/2007/11/15/united-nations-human-rights-envoy-paulo-sergio-pinheiro-visits-political-prisoners-including-su-su-nway-in-burma-s-insein-prison.md) _Context: Paulo Srgio Pinheiro, United Nations, political prisoner_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: Paulo Srgio Pinheiro, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Burma, meeting junta leader Senior General Than Shwe and calling for the release of political prisoners. ](/news/2009/07/3/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-arrives-in-burma-meeting-junta-leader-senior-general-than-shwe-and-calling-for-the-release-of.md) _Context: State Peace and Development Council, United Nations_
4. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: State Peace and Development Council, United Nations_
5. [ Ibrahim Gambari, the United Nations special envoy to Myanmar, warns the Burmese government to stop arresting dissidents. ](/news/2007/10/15/ibrahim-gambari-the-united-nations-special-envoy-to-myanmar-warns-the-burmese-government-to-stop-arresting-dissidents.md) _Context: State Peace and Development Council, United Nations_
6. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
