### [2011-01-23](/news/2011/01/23/index.md)

# Talks between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany break down without an agreement to end the eight-year-old impasse over Iran's nuclear program, after Iranian officials refused to negotiate unless preconditions including an immediate halt to UN sanctions on Iran were met. 

Negotiations to resolve the stand-off over Iran&#039;s nuclear programme have ended in deadlock &ndash; raising fears that its regime could accelerate its nuclear weapons programme, potentially sparking off a dangerous Middle East crisis.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/8275969/Iran-nuclear-talks-break-down-sparking-fears-of-showdown-over-regimes-pursuit-of-atomic-weapons.html)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01/22/AR2011012203405.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01809/iran-ashton_1809173a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Iran has continued covert attempts to purchase technology for its nuclear program through more than 350 companies, despite UN sanctions on Iran, the Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" reported, citing US diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/16/iran-has-continued-covert-attempts-to-purchase-technology-for-its-nuclear-program-through-more-than-350-companies-despite-un-sanctions-on-i.md) _Context: Iran, ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear program_
2. [Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said that Iran has agreed to hold talks with the five UN Security Council permanent members and Germany (G5+1) in Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/7/iranian-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-said-that-iran-has-agreed-to-hold-talks-with-the-five-un-security-council-permanent-members-and.md) _Context: Germany, Iran, UN Security Council_
3. [Russia will refund Iran for the canceled the sale of an air defense missile system following United Nations sanctions against Iran's nuclear program ](/news/2010/10/7/russia-will-refund-iran-for-the-canceled-the-sale-of-an-air-defense-missile-system-following-united-nations-sanctions-against-iranas-nucle.md) _Context: Iran, ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear program_
4. [The United Nations Security Council imposes a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-united-nations-security-council-imposes-a-fourth-round-of-sanctions-against-iran-over-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear program_
5. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: Germany, Iran, nuclear program_
6. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
7. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
8. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
9. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear program_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Germany, Iran_
