### [2011-01-23](/news/2011/01/23/index.md)

# The BBC apologises after offending the sensibilities of Japanese viewers by broadcasting jokes targeting Tsutomu Yamaguchi, who survived both atomic bomb attacks carried out by the United States on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-12260577)

### Related:

1. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
2. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
3. [Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-spurred-on-by-last-month-s-arrest.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
5. [John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peace-memorial-museum-to-the-victi.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
6. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
7. [Japan commemorates the 70th anniversary of the atomic bomb dropped over the Japanese city of Nagasaki during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/9/japan-commemorates-the-70th-anniversary-of-the-atomic-bomb-dropped-over-the-japanese-city-of-nagasaki-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, Nagasaki_
8. [Many people throughout the world commemorate the 70th anniversary of the dropping of an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. ](/news/2015/08/6/many-people-throughout-the-world-commemorate-the-70th-anniversary-of-the-dropping-of-an-atomic-bomb-on-the-japanese-city-of-hiroshima.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
9. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
10. [36 people are killed by landslides in Hiroshima, Japan, after a night of heavy rain. ](/news/2014/08/21/36-people-are-killed-by-landslides-in-hiroshima-japan-after-a-night-of-heavy-rain.md) _Context: Hiroshima, Japan_
