### [2011-01-23](/news/2011/01/23/index.md)

# The Dominican Republic officially registers its first cholera death since the launch of the 2010 Haiti cholera outbreak. 

The Dominican Republic confirms a Haitian man is the first to die of cholera in the country since an epidemic broke out in neighbouring Haiti.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12263115)

### Related:

1. [2010 Haiti cholera outbreak:: Doctors set up cholera clinics in Port-au-Prince as the 2010 Haiti cholera outbreak reaches the capital. ](/news/2010/11/10/2010-haiti-cholera-outbreak-doctors-set-up-cholera-clinics-in-port-au-prince-as-the-2010-haiti-cholera-outbreak-reaches-the-capital.md) _Context: cholera, worst epidemic of cholera_
2. [2016-17 Yemen cholera outbreak: The number of the cholera outbreak cases in Yemen passes 200,000, with over 1,300 deaths so far. There are an estimated 5,000 new cases every day. ](/news/2017/06/24/2016-17-yemen-cholera-outbreak-the-number-of-the-cholera-outbreak-cases-in-yemen-passes-200-000-with-over-1-300-deaths-so-far-there-are.md) _Context: cholera_
3. [Yemeni Civil War: According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, a cholera outbreak has since April 27 killed at least 115 people and left another 8,500 ill across Yemen. ](/news/2017/05/14/yemeni-civil-war-according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-a-cholera-outbreak-has-since-april-27-killed-at-least-115-peopl.md) _Context: cholera_
4. [Two radio journalists are shot dead and a co-worker injured in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic, while presenting the show "Milenio Caliente" on Facebook Live. Three people were arrested. ](/news/2017/02/14/two-radio-journalists-are-shot-dead-and-a-co-worker-injured-in-san-pedro-de-macoras-dominican-republic-while-presenting-the-show-milenio.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
6. [Hurricane Matthew: The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/hurricane-matthew-the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in.md) _Context: cholera_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
8. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: worst epidemic of cholera_
9. [Dominican Republic general election, 2016: Voters in the Dominican Republic go to the polls for a general election. ](/news/2016/05/15/dominican-republic-general-election-2016-voters-in-the-dominican-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
10. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: cholera_
