### [2011-01-23](/news/2011/01/23/index.md)

# Tunisian police arrest two politicians linked to former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was recently ousted in a popular uprising. 

Police in Tunisia detain two politicians and a media executive close to ousted President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, state media report, as protests continue.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12261911)

### Related:

1. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Tunisian officials negotiate the formation of a supervisory council to oversee the country's interim government, in an effort to appease protesters angry at the continued presence in the cabinet of holdovers linked to deposed President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali'sregime. ](/news/2011/01/24/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-ptunisian-officials-negotiate-the-formation-of-a-supervisory-council-to-oversee-the-country-s-interim-governme.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
2. [Tunisia's prime minister Mohamed Ghannouchi promises in a TV interview to leave politics "in the shortest possible timeframe" after elections to be held following President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's recent fall. ](/news/2011/01/22/tunisia-s-prime-minister-mohamed-ghannouchi-promises-in-a-tv-interview-to-leave-politics-in-the-shortest-possible-timeframe-after-election.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
3. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment ''in absentia'' by a Tunisian military court for inciting murder and violence during the revolution that ousted him from power in January 2011. ](/news/2012/06/13/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-20-years-imprisonment-in-absentia-by-a-tunisian-military-court-for-i.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
4. [Tunisia:French media reports that former President of Tunisia Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali has been hospitalised in Saudi Arabia with a stroke. ](/news/2011/02/17/tunisia-pfrench-media-reports-that-former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-has-been-hospitalised-in-saudi-arabia-with-a-stroke.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
5. [2010-2011 Tunisian uprising:Thousands continue protesting in Tunisia calling on remaining figures of ousted President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's regime to leave the interim government. ](/news/2011/01/27/2010a2011-tunisian-uprising-pthousands-continue-protesting-in-tunisia-calling-on-remaining-figures-of-ousted-president-zine-el-abidine-ben.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
6. [Tunisia issues an international arrest warrant for former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and members of his family who fled the country earlier this month following demonstrations that toppled his regime. ](/news/2011/01/26/tunisia-issues-an-international-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-and-members-of-his-family-who-fled-the-country-e.md) _Context: Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
7. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pthousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
8. [Situation in Tunisia:Tunisia's interim President Fouad Mebazaa and Prime Minister Mohammed Ghannouchi resign from the ruling Constitutional Democratic Rally party amid a row over the make-up of the new government. ](/news/2011/01/18/situation-in-tunisia-ptunisia-s-interim-president-fouad-mebazaa-and-prime-minister-mohammed-ghannouchi-resign-from-the-ruling-constitutional.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Tunisia, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
9. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali flees with his family to Saudi Arabia, after being rejected by France. ](/news/2011/01/15/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pformer-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-flees-with-his-family-to-saudi-arabia-after-being-reject.md) _Context: President of Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
10. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Tunisia's Interior Minister Rafik Belhaj Kacem is sacked by President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who also orders the release of most people detained during recent unrest. ](/news/2011/01/12/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-ptunisia-s-interior-minister-rafik-belhaj-kacem-is-sacked-by-president-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-who-also-order.md) _Context: Tunisia, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, demonstrations that toppled his regime_
