
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.json)  [XML](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.xml)  

### [2017-07-19](/news/2017/07/19/index.md)

# Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Malcolm Turnbull condemns the police shooting of unarmed Australian Justine Damond in a Minneapolis alleyway as a shocking killing, adding the Government is demanding answers on behalf of her family.


### Sources:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-19/justine-damond-malcolm-turnbull-demands-answers-shooting/8722652)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/8722078-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman was gunned down on Saturday (US CT) by an American police officer in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-was-gunned-down-on-saturday-us-ct.md) _2017-07-19 07:30:05 (First version)_
2. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman was shot and killed on Saturday by an American police officer in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-was-shot-and-killed-on-saturday-by.md) _2017-07-19 15:30:05 (Update)_
3. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 911 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by an American police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-911-for-help-because-of.md) _2017-07-19 16:30:05 (Update)_
4. [Shooting of Justine Damond: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:40 (Update)_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff-members-another-nine-people-wer.md) _Context: Minneapolis, Minnesota_
2. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-num.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
