### [2017-07-19](/news/2017/07/19/index.md)

# U.S. Senator John McCain is diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer, glioblastoma multiforme. This is his second battle with cancer, after having been successfully treated for malignant melanoma. 

McCain was diagnosed with a tumor called a glioblastoma after the removal of a blood clot above his left eye last week.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/sen-john-mccain-diagnosed-brain-tumor-n784661)
1. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_29/2078291/170719-john-mccain-ac-1026p_e884dc06f96792164d4d94181761b05a.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, the last surviving Kennedy brother, dies at age 77, after battling brain cancer. ](/news/2009/08/26/u-s-senator-ted-kennedy-of-massachusetts-the-last-surviving-kennedy-brother-dies-at-age-77-after-battling-brain-cancer.md) _Context: United States Senate, brain cancer_
2. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
3. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Vermont, Texas, Rhode Island, and Ohio Republican primaries, giving him enough delegates to be able to win the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2008/03/4/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-vermont-texas-rhode-island-and-ohio-republican-primaries-giving-him-enough-delegates-to-be-able-to.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
4. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
5. [ Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidential-nominees-for-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
6. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the "Late Show with David Letterman". ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david-l.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
7. [ A suspicious brown substance is found in envelope at the Virginia Supreme Court building in Richmond, Virginia, United States, on the same day that Senator John McCain (R-AZ) speaks at the Jefferson Hotel. ](/news/2007/02/12/a-suspicious-brown-substance-is-found-in-envelope-at-the-virginia-supreme-court-building-in-richmond-virginia-united-states-on-the-same.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
8. [ Senator John McCain persuades President George W. Bush to accept a ban on cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees. ](/news/2005/12/16/senator-john-mccain-persuades-president-george-w-bush-to-accept-a-ban-on-cruel-inhuman-and-degrading-treatment-of-detainees.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
9. [ Two US paratroopers are killed west of Baghdad. US forces bomb homes in Tikrit, following the shooting down of a helicopter. Iraqi and American rights investigators state to a conference they had identified 260 mass graves containing the bodies of at least 300,000 Iraqis murdered by Saddam's regime. Debate intensifies about the choices the U.S. faces in devising a strategy for Iraq. U.S. Senator John McCain argues that force levels are inadequate. The International Red Cross, which was already planning to reduce staff in Iraq following a deadly attack on its Baghdad headquarters, states it is temporarily closing its Baghdad and Basra offices due to dangerous conditions. A US Army study concludes that Iraqi intelligence was excellent during the conflict (in which their fighting forces collapsed), and probably still is. Much work is still needed to win over hearts-and-minds in Iraq.](/news/2003/11/8/two-us-paratroopers-are-killed-west-of-baghdad-us-forces-bomb-homes-in-tikrit-following-the-shooting-down-of-a-helicopter-iraqi-and-amer.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
10. [ Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld unveils a troop replacement plan for Iraq. Overall number of American soldiers in the country will decrease next year, if security conditions permit. United States Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) criticizes the Bush administration's plans to reduce troops in Iraq. The former Vietnam POW discusses why more ground troops are needed to meet policy goals. One US soldier is killed and 2 injured in another ambush. The US begins informing units that will be needed in Iraq in 2004. The Marines will be returning. The United States Department of Defense summarizes US casualties so far. The first Polish soldier is killed in Iraq. A CNN/USA Today Gallup poll suggests that support for President Bush's handling of Iraq is slipping; a majority of the people polled disapprove of what is being done.](/news/2003/11/6/defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-unveils-a-troop-replacement-plan-for-iraq-overall-number-of-american-soldiers-in-the-country-will-decrea.md) _Context: John McCain, United States Senate_
