### [2010-11-29](/news/2010/11/29/index.md)

# A United States court sentences a Somali to 30 years in jail for piracy after an unsuccessful attack on a United States Navy flotilla. 

A US court sentences a Somali man to 30 years in jail for attacking a US warship off the coast of Somalia in April.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11871563)

### Related:

1. [ Somali pirates hijack the Netherlands' MV "Marathon" and attack the U.S. Navy cargo ship "Lewis and Clark". ](/news/2009/05/7/somali-pirates-hijack-the-netherlands-mv-marathon-and-attack-the-u-s-navy-cargo-ship-lewis-and-clark.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, United States Navy, pirate_
2. [ The South Korean Navy destroyer "Mummu the Great" and the U.S. Navy cruiser "Gettysburg" capture 17 suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden. ](/news/2009/05/14/the-south-korean-navy-destroyer-mummu-the-great-and-the-u-s-navy-cruiser-gettysburg-capture-17-suspected-somali-pirates-in-the-gulf-of.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, United States Navy_
3. [ The U.S. Navy dock landing ship USS "Carter Hill" confronts pirates off the coast of Somalia after they had hijacked a Danish merchant vessel, the MV "Danica White". ](/news/2007/06/2/the-u-s-navy-dock-landing-ship-uss-carter-hill-confronts-pirates-off-the-coast-of-somalia-after-they-had-hijacked-a-danish-merchant-vess.md) _Context: Somalia, United States Navy, pirate_
4. [ US Navy warships engage pirates off the coast of Somalia, killing one, capturing 12, after the U.N. Security Council on March 15, encouraged any naval forces near Somalia to take action against suspected piracy. This occurred after an attack on a UN World Food Program-chartered ship bringing drought-relief food supplies on March 13. ](/news/2006/03/18/us-navy-warships-engage-pirates-off-the-coast-of-somalia-killing-one-capturing-12-after-the-u-n-security-council-on-march-15-encourage.md) _Context: Somalia, United States Navy, pirate_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present). The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
6. [Russia-United States relations. Cold War II. Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer "USS Donald Cook" in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the "USS Donald Cook", taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/russia-united-states-relations-cold-war-ii-two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy.md) _Context: United States, United States Navy_
7. [ War in Somalia. U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present). A U.S. drone strike reportedly kills a key Al-Shabaab leader, Hassan Ali Dhoore, and two other militants, near the town of Jilib, Somalia, according to several U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-reportedly-kills-a-key-al-shabaab-leader-hassan-ali-dhoore-and-two-other-militants-n.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present). According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, "USS Curtis Wilbur" (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action -severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-na.md) _Context: United States, United States Navy_
