### [2010-11-29](/news/2010/11/29/index.md)

# Irish financial crisis:Fine Gael speaks out against the high interest rate imposed by the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank and their insistence that the country pay EUR17 billion out of its own national pension fund. 

The euro and major European markets fall after ministers agree a 85bn euros bail-out for the Republic of Ireland.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/11/2010112995728417273.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11860879)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/1129/economy.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2010/nov/29/irish-bailout-terms-threatened-revolt)

### Related:

1. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund, falls back into recession_
2. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
3. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
6. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the EUR10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-the-terms-of-the-a-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
8. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund (''the troika'') want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
9. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Students protesting against the Irish financial crisis occupy the office of Fine Gael lawmaker Anthony Lawlor ahead of the forthcoming Budget Day. ](/news/2011/12/3/students-protesting-against-the-irish-financial-crisis-occupy-the-office-of-fine-gael-lawmaker-anthony-lawlor-ahead-of-the-forthcoming-budge.md) _Context: Fine Gael, falls back into recession_
