### [2010-11-29](/news/2010/11/29/index.md)

# The Canadian federal by-elections fills two vacant House seats in ridings for Manitoba and one in Ontario, resulting in one Conservative gain, one Conservative hold and one Liberal gain. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/manitoba/story/2010/11/30/federal-byelections-reax.html)
2. [Global Winnipeg](http://www.globalwinnipeg.com/Liberals+snag+Winnipeg+North+seat+election+surprises+Dauphin/3908077/story.html)

### Related:

1. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
2. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
3. [A Canadian House of Commons committee tables a report recommending that the Conservative government of Stephen Harper be found in contempt of parliament. ](/news/2011/03/21/a-canadian-house-of-commons-committee-tables-a-report-recommending-that-the-conservative-government-of-stephen-harper-be-found-in-contempt-o.md) _Context: Canadian  House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
4. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
5. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
6. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval-Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe-Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
7. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
8. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
9. [ Canadian House of Commons opposition members of parliament pass a motion to instruct a house committee to call for the resignation of the government. The 153 votes of the Conservatives and Bloc Qubcois defeat the 150 votes of the Liberals and NDP due to three absences. Although the motion is classified as a procedural instruction to a committee and not a no confidence motion, the Tories and BQ call on the government to resign. ](/news/2005/05/10/canadian-house-of-commons-opposition-members-of-parliament-pass-a-motion-to-instruct-a-house-committee-to-call-for-the-resignation-of-the-g.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
10. [Scott Brison becomes the fourth caucus member of the former Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to leave the new Conservative Party of Canada, crossing the floor to the Liberals. [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1071056728899&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2003/12/10/scott-brison-becomes-the-fourth-caucus-member-of-the-former-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-to-leave-the-new-conservative-party-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
