### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  Garuda Indonesia Flight 200 crashes and catches fire during a landing in Yogyakarta, Indonesia resulting in 21 confirmed deaths. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200703/s1865535.htm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/asiapcf/03/06/indonesia.plane/index.html?section=cnn_latest)
3. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/plane-blaze-aussies-feared-dead/2007/03/07/1173166757413.html)

### Related:

1. [Two pilots are killed after a South Korean-made KAI T-50 Golden Eagle crashes and bursts into flames at an air show in Yogyakarta on Indonesia's Java island. ](/news/2015/12/20/two-pilots-are-killed-after-a-south-korean-made-kai-t-50-golden-eagle-crashes-and-bursts-into-flames-at-an-air-show-in-yogyakarta-on-indones.md) _Context: Indonesia, Yogyakarta_
2. [Continuing eruptions of Mount Merapi in Java, Indonesia, lead to cancellation of flights to the nearby city of Yogyakarta. ](/news/2010/11/2/continuing-eruptions-of-mount-merapi-in-java-indonesia-lead-to-cancellation-of-flights-to-the-nearby-city-of-yogyakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Yogyakarta_
3. [Fatalities caused by the eruption of Mount Merapi in Indonesia's Yogyakarta province rises, with 28 people known to have been killed by hot ash. ](/news/2010/10/27/fatalities-caused-by-the-eruption-of-mount-merapi-in-indonesia-s-yogyakarta-province-rises-with-28-people-known-to-have-been-killed-by-hot.md) _Context: Indonesia, Yogyakarta_
4. [ The Indonesian Pilots Federation threatens to strike unless Marwoto Komar's conviction is overturned. ](/news/2009/05/2/the-indonesian-pilots-federation-threatens-to-strike-unless-marwoto-komar-s-conviction-is-overturned.md) _Context: Indonesia, Marwoto Komar_
5. [ May 2006 Java earthquake: A tectonic earthquake centred 25 kilometres (16 miles) south of Yogyakarta on the island of Java, Indonesia kills more than 4300 people and injures more than 3400. The 6.2 magnitude quake strikes at 5:54 a.m. (22:54 UTC, 26 May). The epicenter is southwest of the city and near the erupting Mount Merapi. ](/news/2006/05/27/may-2006-java-earthquake-a-tectonic-earthquake-centred-25-kilometres-16-miles-south-of-yogyakarta-on-the-island-of-java-indonesia-kills.md) _Context: Indonesia, Yogyakarta_
6. [ In Indonesia, Garuda Indonesia airline pilot Pollycarpus Priyanto goes on trial for poisoning human rights activist Munir Said Thalib  ](/news/2005/08/8/in-indonesia-garuda-indonesia-airline-pilot-pollycarpus-priyanto-goes-on-trial-for-poisoning-human-rights-activist-munir-said-thalib.md) _Context: Garuda Indonesia, Indonesia_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of  casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-building.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
