### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  President of Mauritius Anerood Jugnauth threatens to leave the Commonwealth of Nations over the British government's treatment of the lois of the Chagos Archipelago. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6425675.stm)

### Related:

1. [Chagos Archipelago sovereignty dispute: In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/chagos-archipelago-sovereignty-dispute-in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution.md) _Context: Chagos Archipelago, Mauritius_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Politics of the United Kingdom_
3. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
4. [Mauritian Prime Minister Anerood Jugnauth announces his intention to resign on Monday and hand power over to his son, Pravind Jugnauth. ](/news/2017/01/22/mauritian-prime-minister-anerood-jugnauth-announces-his-intention-to-resign-on-monday-and-hand-power-over-to-his-son-pravind-jugnauth.md) _Context: Anerood Jugnauth_
5. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines.md) _Context: Mauritius_
6. [The Maldives leaves the Commonwealth of Nations after 34 years, claiming that it has been "unfairly and unjustly" treated by the intergovernmental organization. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-maldives-leaves-the-commonwealth-of-nations-after-34-years-claiming-that-it-has-been-unfairly-and-unjustly-treated-by-the-intergovern.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370 that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island.md) _Context: Mauritius_
8. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
9. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Mauritius_
10. [Patricia Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal, is appointed as the sixth Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations. She will become the first woman to hold the position from April 2016. ](/news/2015/11/27/patricia-scotland-baroness-scotland-of-asthal-is-appointed-as-the-sixth-secretary-general-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-she-will-become.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
