### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  Reform of the House of Lords: In a British House of Commons vote, a majority of MPs express support for a fully elected House of Lords. A smaller majority support an 80% elected, 20% appointed chamber. Other options with a lower elected component are rejected. The proposals were put forward by Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw, who describes the votes as "a historic step forward". 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [AP via Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/world/europe/articles/2007/03/07/lawmakers_vote_to_reform_house_of_lords/)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/6420965.stm)
3. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/03/07/nlord107.xml)

### Related:

1. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.: Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.: Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.: Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.: Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Leader of the House of Commons_
2. [ Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. ](/news/2007/03/12/nigel-griffiths-resigns-as-the-deputy-leader-of-the-british-house-of-commons-over-the-proposed-expansion-of-the-trident-missile-system.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Leader of the House of Commons_
3. [ The United Kingdom government is defeated in the House of Lords over a plan to make biometric ID cards compulsory for passport applicants. The government is to seek to overturn the defeat in the House of Commons, and has suggested that it might invoke the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949. ](/news/2006/03/6/the-united-kingdom-government-is-defeated-in-the-house-of-lords-over-a-plan-to-make-biometric-id-cards-compulsory-for-passport-applicants.md) _Context: British House of Commons, House of Lords_
4. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation-s poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was -bully politics- that would -disgust- the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
5. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament-s upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliament-s-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
6. [John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. ](/news/2015/07/26/john-sewel-baron-sewel-steps-down-from-his-position-as-chairman-of-committees-in-the-house-of-lords-following-a-drug-scandal.md) _Context: House of Lords_
7. [The newly elected British House of Commons commences its session with the State Opening of Parliament ceremony in which the Queen's Speech is delivered. ](/news/2015/05/27/the-newly-elected-british-house-of-commons-commences-its-session-with-the-state-opening-of-parliament-ceremony-in-which-the-queen-s-speech-i.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
8. [The British Parliament's House of Lords gives final approval to a bill that earlier in February had been approved in the House of Commons, refusing to block the plan by a majority of 232, that would allow, through a modified form of in vitro fertilization (IVF), the creation of three-person babies, to treat certain mitochondrial disorders (mitochondria are parts of cells that convert nutrients into useful cellular energy to fuel vital processes), by using a very small segment of mitochondrial DNA from another woman to replace the mother's defective DNA; the U.K. is the first to authorize the still ethically controversial procedure. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-british-parliament-s-house-of-lords-gives-final-approval-to-a-bill-that-earlier-in-february-had-been-approved-in-the-house-of-commons-r.md) _Context: House of Lords_
9. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Jack Straw_
10. [Nigel Evans resigns as Deputy Speaker of the British House of Commons after being charged with eight sexual offences. ](/news/2013/09/10/nigel-evans-resigns-as-deputy-speaker-of-the-british-house-of-commons-after-being-charged-with-eight-sexual-offences.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
