### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China announces that its first probe to the Moon, Chang'e 1, will be launched later in 2007, with the eventual goal of landing a man on the moon by 2022.  The probe is supposed to orbit the Moon at least three times. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/6423323.stm BBC])




### Related:

1. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao unveils pictures of the moon's Sinus Iridum, or Bay of Rainbows, taken during China's Chang`e-2 lunar probe mission. ](/news/2010/11/8/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-unveils-pictures-of-the-moon-s-sinus-iridum-or-bay-of-rainbows-taken-during-china-s-chang-e-2-lunar-probe-missi.md) _Context: Moon, People's Republic of China_
2. [ China's first lunar probe, Chang'e 1, impacts the Moon.  ](/news/2009/03/1/china-s-first-lunar-probe-chang-e-1-impacts-the-moon.md) _Context: Moon, People's Republic of China_
3. [ The People's Republic of China plans to launch satellites for lunar surveying, probing the moon's surface, physiognomy, landform and geological structure. ](/news/2006/05/6/the-people-s-republic-of-china-plans-to-launch-satellites-for-lunar-surveying-probing-the-moon-s-surface-physiognomy-landform-and-geolog.md) _Context: Moon, People's Republic of China_
4. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit rating of the People's Republic of China from AA to Aa3. ](/news/2017/05/24/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-from-aa-to-aa3.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [Ten people have died, five are injured and four missing after a bus plunges into a river in China's Guizhou province. ](/news/2017/04/17/ten-people-have-died-five-are-injured-and-four-missing-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-river-in-china-s-guizhou-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-security-and-revokes-his-w.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [SpaceX announces that it will take two space tourists on an orbit of the Moon in 2018. ](/news/2017/02/27/spacex-announces-that-it-will-take-two-space-tourists-on-an-orbit-of-the-moon-in-2018.md) _Context: Moon_
9. [A UCLA research team, analyzing lunar minerals brought back during the Apollo program, reports that the moon is at least 4.51 billion years old, up to 150 million years older than previous estimates.](/news/2017/01/13/a-ucla-research-team-analyzing-lunar-minerals-brought-back-during-the-apollo-program-reports-that-the-moon-is-at-least-4-51-billion-years.md) _Context: Moon_
10. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
