### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  The United States Department of State issues a report saying that human rights in Fiji have sharply deteriorated since the 2006 coup. 




### Source:

1. [NZ Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/section/2/story.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10427608)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Fiji go to the polls for the first election since a coup in 2006 with coup leader Voreqe Bainimarama's Fiji First Party achieving 60 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2014/09/17/voters-in-fiji-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-election-since-a-coup-in-2006-with-coup-leader-voreqe-bainimarama-s-fiji-first-party-achieving.md) _Context: Fiji, coup in 2006_
2. [ A court case to challenge the overthrow of Laisenia Qarase's government of Fiji opens in Suva. ](/news/2007/10/4/a-court-case-to-challenge-the-overthrow-of-laisenia-qarase-s-government-of-fiji-opens-in-suva.md) _Context: Fiji, coup in 2006_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase warns that Fiji faces the imminent threat of a coup as troops reportedly surround his complex. Later, Fiji's military commander Frank Bainimarama confirmed that the military was in control of the country while the Foreign Minister of Australia Alexander Downer warned that Fiji would face international sanctions. ](/news/2006/12/5/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-warns-that-fiji-faces-the-imminent-threat-of-a-coup-as-troops-reportedly-surround-his-complex-l.md) _Context: Fiji, coup in 2006_
4. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: State Department_
5. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: State Department_
6. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: State Department_
7. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: State Department_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: State Department_
9. [The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive-order-per-judge-james-robart-s-ruling-in-state-of-washingto.md) _Context: State Department_
10. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: State Department_
