### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  The Taliban claim that they have kidnapped Daniele Mastrogiacomo, an Italian journalist working for "La Repubblica" newspaper. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/03/07/AR2007030700221.html)

### Related:

1. [ Daniele Mastrogiacomo, an Italian journalist working for "la Repubblica", is set free by the Taliban. He had been kidnapped in the Afghan province of Helmand on March 6. ](/news/2007/03/19/daniele-mastrogiacomo-an-italian-journalist-working-for-la-repubblica-is-set-free-by-the-taliban-he-had-been-kidnapped-in-the-afghan-p.md) _Context: Italy, La Repubblica, Taliban, journalist_
2. [ Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly "Nouvel Observateur", Spanish newspaper "El Pas", and Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel. ](/news/2009/08/28/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-launches-legal-action-against-french-weekly-nouvel-observateur-spanish-newspaper-el-pais-an.md) _Context: Italy, La Repubblica_
3. [ Thousands of people escape Pakistan's Swat district, where the Pakistan Army is fighting with pro-Taliban militants. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7104331.stm (BBC)] More than 100 journalists are arrested for protesting against the state of emergency and media restrictions. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103538.stm (BBC)] The Government of Pakistan releases 3,400 people who were jailed during the state of emergency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103266.stm (BBC)] Pakistan Chief Election Commissioner Justice (retired) Qazi Mohammad Farooq announces the next general elections will be held on January 8, 2008.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/20/thousands-of-people-escape-pakistan-s-swat-district-where-the-pakistan-army-is-fighting-with-pro-taliban-militants-http-news-bbc-co-uk.md) _Context: Taliban, journalist_
4. [ Journalists in the Indian state of Manipur refuse to put out newspapers as a protest against threats from rebel groups. ](/news/2007/08/2/journalists-in-the-indian-state-of-manipur-refuse-to-put-out-newspapers-as-a-protest-against-threats-from-rebel-groups.md) _Context: journalist, newspaper_
5. [Italian fugitive and 'Ndrangheta member Rocco Morabito is arrested in Montevideo, Uruguay, after 23 years on the run. He is now expected to be extradited to Italy in the coming months. ](/news/2017/09/4/italian-fugitive-and-ndrangheta-member-rocco-morabito-is-arrested-in-montevideo-uruguay-after-23-years-on-the-run-he-is-now-expected-to.md) _Context: Italy_
6. [At least 11 Afghan civilians are killed and 16 wounded when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar Province, east of Kabul. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-11-afghan-civilians-are-killed-and-16-wounded-when-a-nato-helicopter-attacked-a-house-where-taliban-insurgents-had-taken-shelter-in.md) _Context: Taliban_
7. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. The Taliban claims their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-the-taliban-cl.md) _Context: Taliban_
8. [A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian-media-report-10-othe.md) _Context: Italy_
9. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italy_
10. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: Italy_
