### [2007-03-7](/news/2007/03/7/index.md)

#  Voters in Northern Ireland go to the polls to elect new members to the Northern Ireland Assembly. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/6422879.stm)
2. [BreakingNews.ie](http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/?jp=MHAUKFAUCWMH&rss=rss2)

### Related:

1. [ Results from the Northern Ireland Assembly election show the DUP and Sinn Fein making gains, and ensuring that in order for direct rule to cease both parties must agree to cooperate in a powersharing Executive. ](/news/2007/03/9/results-from-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-show-the-dup-and-sinn-fa-c-in-making-gains-and-ensuring-that-in-order-for-direct-rule-to.md) _Context: Assembly election, Northern Ireland_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
3. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
4. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017: Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. ](/news/2017/03/3/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-mike-nesbitt-announces-he-is-standing-down-as-leader-of-the-ulster-unionist-party-uup-following.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
5. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017: Renewable Heat Incentive scandal: The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly_
7. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [ Dissident Irish Republican campaign: MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
