### [2017-02-21](/news/2017/02/21/index.md)

# Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017: In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/nagorno-karabakh-referendum-azerbaijan-armenia/28323000.html)

### Related:

1. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
2. [Armenian-Azerbaijani border conflict: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenian-azerbaijani-border-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successiv.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
3. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approv.md) _Context: Armenia, semi-presidential system_
4. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
5. [2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: According to officials from the breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh, one of their soldiers was killed overnight by Azerbaijani troops. ](/news/2016/04/27/2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-according-to-officials-from-the-breakaway-region-of-nagorno-karabakh-one-of-their-soldiers-was-killed.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
6. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Azeri tanks on the front line shell military positions in the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic for the first time since a Russian-brokered ceasefire ended fighting in 1994. At least one Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army soldier is killed. ](/news/2015/12/9/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-azeri-tanks-on-the-front-line-shell-military-positions-in-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
7. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-y.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
8. [Azerbaijan shoots down an Armenian Mil Mi-24 military helicopter. ](/news/2014/11/12/azerbaijan-shoots-down-an-armenian-mil-mi-24-military-helicopter.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
9. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: 2014 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: Four Azerbaijani soldiers are killed in fresh clashes with Armenian groups near the border of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2014/08/3/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2014-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-four-azerbaijani-soldiers-are-killed-in-fresh-clashes-with-armenian-groups-n.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
10. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disput.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
