### [2017-02-21](/news/2017/02/21/index.md)

# The Trump administration releases a new memo that sets the policy for the deportation of undocumented migrants accused of any crime. 

Advocates say the immigrant community is bracing for more raids and deportations now that DHS has detailed whom it wants to deport.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/trump-enforcement-plan-has-immigrants-bracing-raids-deportations-n723771)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump will probably end a policy that protects from deportation more than 800,000 so-called "DREAMers," mostly Mexican-born undocumented children who illegaly arrived in the United States as minors, in around six months if Congress were to act on it. ](/news/2017/09/5/u-s-president-donald-trump-will-probably-end-a-policy-that-protects-from-deportation-more-than-800-000-so-called-dreamers-mostly-mexican.md) _Context: deportation_
2. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States immigration ban_
3. [In response to a federal appeal, U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson (Hawaii), who on March 15 issued a temporary, national restraining order on implementation of the revised federal immigration/refugee rules, upgrades his earlier ruling to a preliminary injunction until Hawaii's lawsuit is resolved. ](/news/2017/03/29/in-response-to-a-federal-appeal-u-s-district-judge-derrick-watson-hawaii-who-on-march-15-issued-a-temporary-national-restraining-order.md) _Context: United States immigration ban_
4. [A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restraining-order-on-president-trump.md) _Context: United States immigration ban_
5. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: United States immigration ban_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: United States immigration ban_
7. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: Trump administration_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary-of-education.md) _Context: Trump administration_
9. [Mexico states that it will reject third-country deportees. ](/news/2017/02/24/mexico-states-that-it-will-reject-third-country-deportees.md) _Context: deportation_
10. [The United States Senate, in a 53-47 vote, confirms Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Secretary. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-united-states-senate-in-a-53a47-vote-confirms-steven-mnuchin-to-be-treasury-secretary.md) _Context: Trump administration_
