### [2016-08-28](/news/2016/08/28/index.md)

# German economy minister Sigmar Gabriel claims the TTIP negotiations "have de facto failed", citing a general lack of progress. The U.S. and the European Commission have no immediate response to his comment. 

BERLIN (AP) — Free trade talks between the European Union and the United States have failed, Germany&#039;s economy minister said Sunday, citing a lack of progress on any of the major sections of the long-running negotiations.…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/611ff828b5ed44d5ad56ab46e0781e52/german-economy-minister-says-eu-us-trade-talks-have-failed)

### Related:

1. [Germany-Israel relations. Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel_
2. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel_
3. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: German Economy Ministry_
4. [Thousands of people protest in the German city of Hanover against the proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership deal. They say the deal would drive down wages, and weaken environmental protection and labour rights. ](/news/2016/04/23/thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-german-city-of-hanover-against-the-proposed-transatlantic-trade-and-investment-partnership-deal-they-say.md) _Context: TTIP_
5. [Germany's vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, accuses Saudi Arabia of financing Islamic extremism in the West and warns that it must stop. He tells German media, -We have to make clear to the Saudis that the time of looking away is over, Wahhabi mosques all over the world are financed by Saudi Arabia. Many Islamists who are a threat to public safety come from these communities in Germany". His comments come days after Germany's Federal Intelligence Service released a report saying Saudi Arabia was "destabilizing" the Arab world. ](/news/2015/12/6/germany-s-vice-chancellor-sigmar-gabriel-accuses-saudi-arabia-of-financing-islamic-extremism-in-the-west-and-warns-that-it-must-stop-he-t.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel_
6. [ Over 150,000 people protest in Berlin against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership accord between the European Union and the United States. ](/news/2015/10/10/over-150-000-people-protest-in-berlin-against-the-transatlantic-trade-and-investment-partnership-accord-between-the-european-union-and-the.md) _Context: TTIP_
7. [European migrant crisis. Sigmar Gabriel, the Vice Chancellor of Germany, says that Germany "can take 500,000 asylum seekers a year" while calling on other nations to take their fair share. ](/news/2015/09/8/european-migrant-crisis-sigmar-gabriel-the-vice-chancellor-of-germany-says-that-germany-can-take-500-000-asylum-seekers-a-year-while-ca.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel_
8. [Social Democratic Party of Germany president Sigmar Gabriel proposes Peer Steinbrck as the party's Chancellor candidate for the next German federal election to be held in 2013. ](/news/2012/09/28/social-democratic-party-of-germany-president-sigmar-gabriel-proposes-peer-steinbruck-as-the-party-s-chancellor-candidate-for-the-next-german.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel_
