### [2016-08-28](/news/2016/08/28/index.md)

# The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. 

More than seven hundred migrants were rescued Sunday morning by members of an NGO before transferring them to the Italian Coast Guard.


### Source:

1. [AP via NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/slideshow/hundreds-migrants-fleeing-libya-recued-mediterranean-n639051)

### Related:

1. [The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-lib.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italian Coast Guard, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
2. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italian Coast Guard, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
3. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, NGO_
4. [More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
5. [Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18-people-are-confirmed-dead.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
6. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
7. [Bodies of 117 people, including 75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya-possibly-from-yesterday-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
8. [At least 20 people drown in the southern Mediterranean Sea when a repurposed fishing boat sinks 35 nautical miles north of Zuwara, Libya. ](/news/2016/05/26/at-least-20-people-drown-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-when-a-repurposed-fishing-boat-sinks-35-nautical-miles-north-of-zuwara-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
9. [At least five die after their overcrowded, repurposed trawler capsized in the southern Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. The Italian navy rescued 562 people. ](/news/2016/05/25/at-least-five-die-after-their-overcrowded-repurposed-trawler-capsized-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-the-italian.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
10. [According to survivors, at least 70 migrants are missing after their dinghy sank off the coast of Libya. 26 people were rescued by the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-survivors-at-least-70-migrants-are-missing-after-their-dinghy-sank-off-the-coast-of-libya-26-people-were-rescued-by-the-itali.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
