### [2016-08-28](/news/2016/08/28/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Madeline is expected to reach the American state of Hawaii Tuesday, just before world leaders arrive for the World Conservation Congress. 

The President of the United States will arrive in Honolulu Wednesday evening, and city officials are warning the public of major road closures during rush hour.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/98eb3aa05e4e44a2850212ca889215d3/storm-may-head-toward-hawaii-coinciding-obama-visit)
2. [KHON-TV](http://khon2.com/2016/08/25/president-obama-to-arrive-in-honolulu-ahead-of-world-conservation-congress/)

### Related:

1. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: Hawaii_
2. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
3. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hono.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: Hawaii_
5. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [Hurricane Newton makes its way towards the resort town of Los Cabos, Mexico. ](/news/2016/09/6/hurricane-newton-makes-its-way-towards-the-resort-town-of-los-cabos-mexico.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific hurricane season_
9. [Remnants of Hurricane Earl helped form Tropical Storm Javier which is southeast of the Mexican resort of Cabo San Lucas on the Baja California Peninsula. A hurricane warning is issued for the southern portion of the peninsula. Rainfall from the storm is expected to impact the American Southwest, starting Tuesday evening. ](/news/2016/08/8/remnants-of-hurricane-earl-helped-form-tropical-storm-javier-which-is-southeast-of-the-mexican-resort-of-cabo-san-lucas-on-the-baja-californ.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific hurricane season_
10. [Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist-country.md) _Context: Hawaii_
