### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# At least seven people are killed and 30 injured in a bus accident in Ranchi, the capital of the Indian state of Jharkhand. 

Seven persons were today killed and 30 others injured after a bus overturned near Silli, near Ranchi, police said.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/india-news/7-dead-30-injured-in-bus-accident-in-ranchi-1404278)

### Related:

1. [At least 13 people are killed and 53 injured after a bus skids off a bridge while travelling between India's Jharkhand state to Raipur, capital of Chhattisgarh state. ](/news/2016/05/4/at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-53-injured-after-a-bus-skids-off-a-bridge-while-travelling-between-india-s-jharkhand-state-to-raipur-capi.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
2. [An Indian Border Security Force plane headed to  Ranchi crashes just outside New Delhi, killing all 10 on board. The  Super King Air turboprop aircraft hit an airport wall and landed in a small body of water. ](/news/2015/12/22/an-indian-border-security-force-plane-headed-to-ranchi-crashes-just-outside-new-delhi-killing-all-10-on-board-the-super-king-air-turbopr.md) _Context: India, Ranchi_
3. [A road accident near the Indian city of Jamshedpur in Jharkhand state kills thirteen pilgrims killed and leaves 11 injured. ](/news/2015/08/14/a-road-accident-near-the-indian-city-of-jamshedpur-in-jharkhand-state-kills-thirteen-pilgrims-killed-and-leaves-11-injured.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
4. [Naxalite-Maoist insurgency:Three Maoists are killed and two are seriously injured in a fight with security forces in the Giridih district of India's Jharkhand state. ](/news/2014/09/13/naxaliteamaoist-insurgency-pthree-maoists-are-killed-and-two-are-seriously-injured-in-a-fight-with-security-forces-in-the-giridih-district.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
5. [Naxalite-Maoist insurgency: Six policemen in the eastern India state of Jharkhand are killed in an attack by Naxalites. ](/news/2013/07/2/naxalite-maoist-insurgency-six-policemen-in-the-eastern-india-state-of-jharkhand-are-killed-in-an-attack-by-naxalites.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
6. [ Sunil Kumar Mahato, an Indian member of parliament from the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, is killed by suspected Maoist rebels while watching football in Jharkhand. ](/news/2007/03/4/sunil-kumar-mahato-an-indian-member-of-parliament-from-the-jharkhand-mukti-morcha-is-killed-by-suspected-maoist-rebels-while-watching-foo.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
7. [ President of India, APJ Kalam meets Syed Sibte Razi, governor of the northern state Jharkhand after opposition protests. Despite the hung elections in the assembly, the governor has appointed Jharkhand Mukti Morcha party member Shibu Soren as a chief minister. JMM is part of a political alliance backed by the Congress Party ](/news/2005/03/4/president-of-india-apj-kalam-meets-syed-sibte-razi-governor-of-the-northern-state-jharkhand-after-opposition-protests-despite-the-hung-e.md) _Context: India, Jharkhand_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
