### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

#  Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL) leader Abu Waheeb and three other militants in an airstrike near the town of Rutba, Iraq. 

A U.S. airstrike on Friday killed four Islamic State fighters in western Iraq, including a leader who appeared in ISIS execution videos and was considered an heir apparent to terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the Pentagon announced Monday.


### Source:

1. [AAP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/breaking-news/car-bomb-in-eastern-iraq-kills-12/news-story/643f57a60df621f4ad7cb52d21298b64)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/05/09/us-airstrike-kills-isis-emir-anbar-province-in-iraq.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-airstrike-idUSKCN0Y02A9)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present). 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings. At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL. Third Battle of Fallujah. The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-third-battle-of-fallujah-the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-gov.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [ Iraqi civil war. Operation Breaking Terrorism. Siege of Fallujah (2016). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-siege-of-fallujah-2016-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
9. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present). At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. ](/news/2016/05/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-twin-suicide-bombing-attack-at-a-police-station-in-baghdad-kills-five-people-yesterday-93-people-had-be.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
