### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# North Korea-United Kingdom relations: Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". 

BBC correspondent Rupert Wingfield-Hayes and his team fly to Beijing after being expelled from North Korea over their reporting.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36244994?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-United States relations: American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: Government of North Korea, North Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan-North Korea relations: Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: North Korea, Tokyo_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:: BBC says that an edition of "Panorama" filmed secretly on a university study trip to North Korea will be broadcast, despite claims by the London School of Economics that students may have been put in danger. ](/news/2013/04/15/2013-korean-crisis-bbc-says-that-an-edition-of-panorama-filmed-secretly-on-a-university-study-trip-to-north-korea-will-be-broadcast-des.md) _Context: BBC, North Korea_
4. [ A ship carrying oil for fuel to North Korea departs from South Korea. The government of North Korea may close the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center after the shipment arrives. ](/news/2007/07/12/a-ship-carrying-oil-for-fuel-to-north-korea-departs-from-south-korea-the-government-of-north-korea-may-close-the-yongbyon-nuclear-scientif.md) _Context: Government of North Korea, North Korea_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Tokyo for talks with Japanese officials amid fears North Korea could be readying for a second nuclear test. ](/news/2006/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-tokyo-for-talks-with-japanese-officials-amid-fears-north-korea-could-be-readyi.md) _Context: North Korea, Tokyo_
6. [ Cypriot authorities respond to an Interpol alert and intercept "Grigorio-1," a North Korean ship bound for Syria. Cypriot security agents found a mobile air defense system and the components of a missile launcher in the ship, though the Government of North Korea insists the ship only contained weather-observation equipment. The Syrian government has requested the ship be allowed to dock in Syria. ](/news/2006/09/12/cypriot-authorities-respond-to-an-interpol-alert-and-intercept-grigorio-1-a-north-korean-ship-bound-for-syria-cypriot-security-agents-f.md) _Context: Government of North Korea, North Korea_
7. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [2017 North Korea crisis: The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-easte.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
