### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# Panama Papers. The Panama Papers go online at the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists website. 

The Panama Papers affair widens, with a huge database of documents relating to more than 200,000 offshore accounts posted online.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36249982)

### Related:

1. [Panama Papers. In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/panama-papers-in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-i.md) _Context: International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, Panama Papers_
2. [Denmark's government plans to buy the leaked Panama Papers containing Danish citizens. ](/news/2016/09/7/denmark-s-government-plans-to-buy-the-leaked-panama-papers-containing-danish-citizens.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
3. [Panama Papers. Thousands of people protest in Whitehall calling on British Prime Minister David Cameron to resign over his financial affairs and his handling of them in relation to revelations made by the leak of the Panama Papers. ](/news/2016/04/9/panama-papers-thousands-of-people-protest-in-whitehall-calling-on-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-resign-over-his-financial-affairs.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
4. [Panama Papers. El Salvador officials seize documents and equipment during a raid of the local offices of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca. Attorney General Douglas Melendez says authorities interviewed seven employees, and confiscated 20 computers and some documents. ](/news/2016/04/8/panama-papers-el-salvador-officials-seize-documents-and-equipment-during-a-raid-of-the-local-offices-of-panamanian-law-firm-mossack-fonseca.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
5. [Panama Papers. United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron admits he benefited from a Panama-based offshore trust, Blairmore Holdings Inc., set up by his late father. Cameron says he divested himself of his shares, for GBP31,500 (US$44,300), before becoming prime minister in 2010. ](/news/2016/04/7/panama-papers-united-kingdom-prime-minister-david-cameron-admits-he-benefited-from-a-panama-based-offshore-trust-blairmore-holdings-inc.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
6. [Panama Papers. The government of Panama announces that it is creating an "international panel" to help improve transparency in its offshore financial industry. The move follows the leak of millions of documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, showing it helped some clients evade tax and avoid sanctions. ](/news/2016/04/7/panama-papers-the-government-of-panama-announces-that-it-is-creating-an-international-panel-to-help-improve-transparency-in-its-offshore.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
7. [Panama Papers. Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson temporarily steps down amid allegations his family attempted to hide millions in an offshore account. ](/news/2016/04/5/panama-papers-icelandic-prime-minister-sigmundur-davaadeg-gunnlaugsson-temporarily-steps-down-amid-allegations-his-family-attempted-to-hide.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
8. [Panama Papers. France places Panama back on its list of countries that do not cooperate in catching tax evaders. "France has decided to put Panama back on the list of uncooperative countries, with all the consequences that will have for those who have transactions" with the Central American state, Finance Minister Michel Sapin, told Parliament on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/5/panama-papers-france-places-panama-back-on-its-list-of-countries-that-do-not-cooperate-in-catching-tax-evaders-france-has-decided-to-put.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
9. [Panama Papers. Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson refuses to resign after leaked "Panama Papers" tax documents showed he and his wife used an offshore firm to allegedly hide million-dollar investments. "I have not considered quitting because of this matter nor am I going to quit because of this matter," Gunnlaugsson told Icelandic television Channel 2. ](/news/2016/04/4/panama-papers-icelandic-prime-minister-sigmundur-davaadeg-gunnlaugsson-refuses-to-resign-after-leaked-panama-papers-tax-documents-showed-h.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
10. [Panama Papers. A leak of 11.5 million documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca reveals details of shell companies used by 12 current or former world leaders including President of Russia Vladimir Putin whose aides allegedly shuffled billions of dollars. ](/news/2016/04/3/panama-papers-a-leak-of-11-5-million-documents-from-law-firm-mossack-fonseca-reveals-details-of-shell-companies-used-by-12-current-or-forme.md) _Context: Panama Papers_
