### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) — A brash and tough-talking mayor who has pledged to kill suspected criminals and end crime within six months emerged Tuesday as the winner in presidential elections after securing an unassailable…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/6ce5c8dc2b3a4e55b3c2d6dcb4234404/philippine-officials-voting-president-vice-president-other)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/05/08/asia/philippines-election/)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in.md) _Context: Davao City, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte declares a nationwide "state of lawlessness" after yesterday's bombing in Davao City that has killed at least 14 people. ](/news/2016/09/3/the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-declares-a-nationwide-state-of-lawlessness-after-yesterday-s-bombing-in-davao-city-that-h.md) _Context: Davao City, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Moro conflict. An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/moro-conflict-an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippi.md) _Context: Davao City, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Presidency of Rodrigo Duterte. Davao Death Squad. A former militiaman claims while testifying at a hearing by the Philippine Senate that President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte ordered the deaths of criminals and political opponents, allegedly Leila de Lima, critic and journalist Juan Pala, and unidentified Filipino Muslims in 1993, while he was mayor of Davao City. The witness also revealed that Duterte's son Paolo may also have been involved in the murders as an accomplice to his father. ](/news/2016/09/15/presidency-of-rodrigo-duterte-davao-death-squad-a-former-militiaman-claims-while-testifying-at-a-hearing-by-the-philippine-senate-that-pre.md) _Context: Davao City, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine stock market continues to fall for the fifth straight day due to fears about the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte. He continues to lead in opinion polls. ](/news/2016/05/4/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-stock-market-continues-to-fall-for-the-fifth-straight-day-due-to-fears-about-the-pres.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine financial market continues to suffer amid speculation that Rodrigo Duterte may win the upcoming election. ](/news/2016/05/3/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-financial-market-continues-to-suffer-amid-speculation-that-rodrigo-duterte-may-win-th.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Catholic Church in the Philippines urges voters to reject Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/05/2/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-catholic-church-in-the-philippines-urges-voters-to-reject-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. ](/news/2016/05/10/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-continues-to-lead-in-the-presidential-race-while-leni-robredo-leads-bongbong-marcos.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
