### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". 

BBC correspondent Rupert Wingfield-Hayes and his team fly to Beijing after being expelled from North Korea over their reporting.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36244994?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea, Tokyo_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:BBC says that an edition of ''Panorama'' filmed secretly on a university study trip to North Korea will be broadcast, despite claims by the London School of Economics that students may have been put in danger. ](/news/2013/04/15/2013-korean-crisis-pbbc-says-that-an-edition-of-panorama-filmed-secretly-on-a-university-study-trip-to-north-korea-will-be-broadcast-de.md) _Context: BBC, North Korea_
3. [ A ship carrying oil for fuel to North Korea departs from South Korea. The government of North Korea may close the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center after the shipment arrives. ](/news/2007/07/12/a-ship-carrying-oil-for-fuel-to-north-korea-departs-from-south-korea-the-government-of-north-korea-may-close-the-yongbyon-nuclear-scientif.md) _Context: North Korea, government_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Tokyo for talks with Japanese officials amid fears North Korea could be readying for a second nuclear test. ](/news/2006/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-tokyo-for-talks-with-japanese-officials-amid-fears-north-korea-could-be-readyi.md) _Context: North Korea, Tokyo_
5. [ Cypriot authorities respond to an Interpol alert and intercept ''Grigorio-1,'' a North Korean ship bound for Syria. Cypriot security agents found a mobile air defense system and the components of a missile launcher in the ship, though the Government of North Korea insists the ship only contained weather-observation equipment. The Syrian government has requested the ship be allowed to dock in Syria. ](/news/2006/09/12/cypriot-authorities-respond-to-an-interpol-alert-and-intercept-grigorio-1-a-north-korean-ship-bound-for-syria-cypriot-security-agents.md) _Context: North Korea, government_
6. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea_
