### [2016-05-9](/news/2016/05/9/index.md)

# The death toll from yesterday's landslide in Taining County in China's Fujian province rises to 14 with 25 still missing, 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3580399/14-dead-25-missing-China-landslide.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 41 people are missing in Taining County of China's Fujian province after a landslide hits a construction workers dormitory. ](/news/2016/05/8/at-least-41-people-are-missing-in-taining-county-of-china-s-fujian-province-after-a-landslide-hits-a-construction-workers-dormitory.md) _Context: Fujian, People's Republic of China, Taining County_
2. [Tropical Storm Meranti is forecast to bring heavy rains to Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi and Hainan provinces in the People's Republic of China, as well as in Taiwan. ](/news/2010/09/9/tropical-storm-meranti-is-forecast-to-bring-heavy-rains-to-fujian-guangdong-guangxi-and-hainan-provinces-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Fujian, People's Republic of China_
3. [ In a major provincial leadership reshuffle in the People's Republic of China, Lu Zhangong was appointed secretary of the Henan CPC Provincial Committee, replacing Xu Guangchun. Sun Chunlan was appointed secretary of the Fujian CPC Committee. Former Jilin Party chief Wang Min was appointed secretary of the Liaoning CPC Committee, replacing Zhang Wenyue. Former Minister of Agriculture Sun Zhengcai took over as Party chief of Jilin Province. And former governor of Hebei Hu Chunhua was appointed Party chief of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, replacing Chu Bo, who retired.](/news/2009/11/30/in-a-major-provincial-leadership-reshuffle-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lu-zhangong-was-appointed-secretary-of-the-henan-cpc-provinci.md) _Context: Fujian, People's Republic of China_
4. [ 2007 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Krosa moves towards China's southern Zhejiang and northern Fujian provinces. ](/news/2007/10/7/2007-pacific-typhoon-season-p-typhoon-krosa-moves-towards-china-s-southern-zhejiang-and-northern-fujian-provinces.md) _Context: Fujian, People's Republic of China_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [Ten people have died, five are injured and four missing after a bus plunges into a river in China's Guizhou province. ](/news/2017/04/17/ten-people-have-died-five-are-injured-and-four-missing-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-river-in-china-s-guizhou-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-security-and-revokes-his-w.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
9. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
10. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
