### [2010-07-22](/news/2010/07/22/index.md)

# Belarus and Georgia form political alliance against Russia. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/22/belarus-georgia-alliance-russia)

### Related:

1. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
2. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia_
3. [Thousands of people gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi to protest against their government's negotiations with Russian state-owned oil company Gazprom. ](/news/2016/03/6/thousands-of-people-gather-in-the-georgian-capital-of-tbilisi-to-protest-against-their-government-s-negotiations-with-russian-state-owned-oi.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia_
4. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
5. [Georgia accuses Russia of violating its sovereignty by placing border markers on the edge of the South Ossetia region, leaving part of an international oil pipeline in territory under Russian control. The area was the site of the Russo-Georgian war in 2008. ](/news/2015/07/13/georgia-accuses-russia-of-violating-its-sovereignty-by-placing-border-markers-on-the-edge-of-the-south-ossetia-region-leaving-part-of-an-in.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia_
6. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
7. [The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect ](/news/2015/01/1/the-eurasian-economic-union-between-russia-kazakhstan-belarus-kyrgyzstan-and-armenia-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
8. [Ukraine-European Union Association Agreement:The European Union signs pacts with Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova in a move strongly opposed by Russia. ](/news/2014/06/27/ukraineaeuropean-union-association-agreement-pthe-european-union-signs-pacts-with-ukraine-georgia-and-moldova-in-a-move-strongly-opposed.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia_
9. [A senior Russian diplomat is gunned down in Sukhumi, the capital of Georgia's breakaway region of Abkhazia. ](/news/2013/09/9/a-senior-russian-diplomat-is-gunned-down-in-sukhumi-the-capital-of-georgia-s-breakaway-region-of-abkhazia.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia_
10. [Four athletes who won medals at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens are disqualified for doping. Ukraine's Yuriy Bilonoh will lose his gold medal in the shot put, while Belarus hammer thrower Ivan Tsikhan must return his silver. Two Athens bronze medalists, Russian shot putter Svetlana Krivelyova and discus thrower Irina Yatchenko of Belarus, are also affected by the IOC decision. No decision was taken on reallocating the medals yet. ](/news/2012/12/6/four-athletes-who-won-medals-at-the-2004-olympic-games-in-athens-are-disqualified-for-doping-ukraine-s-yuriy-bilonoh-will-lose-his-gold-med.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
