### [2010-07-22](/news/2010/07/22/index.md)

# Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Former Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers is appointed the new informateur for the formation of a new coalition cabinet. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/video/173528-koningin-benoemt-lubbers-tot-informateur.html)

### Related:

1. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, Ruud Lubbers_
2. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Ruud Lubbers_
3. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). ](/news/2010/09/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-informateur-ivo-opstelten-informs-queen-beatrix-that-the-coalition-formation-between-the-people-s-part.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur_
4. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur_
5. [In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memorial-for-the-vic.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [ Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands Piet de Jong celebrates his 100th birthday. ](/news/2015/04/3/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-piet-de-jong-celebrates-his-100th-birthday.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund (''the troika'') want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the ''Big Three'' in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
