### [2010-07-22](/news/2010/07/22/index.md)

# The United States decides to resume training Indonesian soldiers after 12 years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10725138)
2. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/187436/us-resumes-ties-with-indonesian-special-forces)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/us-indonesia-resume-military-ties-20100722-10mpu.html)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/07/22/AR2010072201449.html)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: American, Indonesia_
2. [Indonesia suspends imports of beef from the United States after a dairy cow with mad cow disease is discovered in California. ](/news/2012/04/26/indonesia-suspends-imports-of-beef-from-the-united-states-after-a-dairy-cow-with-mad-cow-disease-is-discovered-in-california.md) _Context: American, Indonesia_
3. [U.S. pop singer Kelly Clarkson is criticised by anti-smoking groups in Indonesia and the United States for promoting cigarettes at an upcoming concert in Jakarta. ](/news/2010/04/21/u-s-pop-singer-kelly-clarkson-is-criticised-by-anti-smoking-groups-in-indonesia-and-the-united-states-for-promoting-cigarettes-at-an-upcomi.md) _Context: American, Indonesia_
4. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: American, Indonesia_
5. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: American_
6. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: American_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air  conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authoriti.md) _Context: American_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
