### [2010-07-22](/news/2010/07/22/index.md)

# Writers such as Martin Amis, V. S. Naipaul, Orhan Pamuk, Philip Roth and Salman Rushdie begin selling ebooks via Amazon.com in a dispute over digital royalties. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2010/jul/22/authors-bypass-publishers-ebooks-amazon)

### Related:

1. [Amazon agrees to buy Whole Foods Market for $13.7 billion. The takeover deal is expected to be completed in the second half of the year. ](/news/2017/06/16/amazon-agrees-to-buy-whole-foods-market-for-13-7-billion-the-takeover-deal-is-expected-to-be-completed-in-the-second-half-of-the-year.md) _Context: Amazon_
2. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Amazon_
3. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Amazon_
4. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: Amazon_
5. [The U.S. National Labor Relations Board files an official complaint against a California warehouse after finding evidence it violated workers' rights to organize. The allegations of wrongdoing submitted by a worker group against California Cartage Company, LLC, which serves Amazon.com, Inc., Lowe's Companies. Inc., New Balance, and Sears Holdings Corp., will be heard by an NLRB administrative law judge in June 2016. None of the retailers were named in the NLRB complaint. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-national-labor-relations-board-files-an-official-complaint-against-a-california-warehouse-after-finding-evidence-it-violated-worker.md) _Context: Amazon_
6. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Amazon_
7. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement,  generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Amazon_
8. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation's highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nationas-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: Salman Rushdie_
9. [Amazon.com announces that it is removing Confederate Flag merchandise from sale following the shootings. ](/news/2015/06/23/amazon-com-announces-that-it-is-removing-confederate-flag-merchandise-from-sale-following-the-shootings.md) _Context: Amazon_
10. [In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. ](/news/2015/04/24/in-the-united-states-the-nasdaq-and-s-p-500-end-at-record-highs-spurred-by-strong-results-by-tech-giants-google-amazon-and-microsoft.md) _Context: Amazon_
