### [2015-10-10](/news/2015/10/10/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. 

Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip have fired a rocket into southern Israel, the Israeli military says, hours after six Palestinians were shot dead.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34493674)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/10/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0S319U20151010)
3. [Ynet News](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4708980,00.html)

### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: After having rocks hurled at them, Israeli troops respond and shoot dead a Palestinian man in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-after-having-rocks-hurled-at-them-israeli-troops-respond-and-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-man-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
