### [2015-10-10](/news/2015/10/10/index.md)

# The U.S. Department of Defense will make payments to families of victims of last week's  U.S. airstrike that struck a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz. At least 22 people were killed including 12 staff members and 10 patients, including three children. MSF says 33 people are still missing and presumed to have died in the fire. 

The U.S. Department of Defense will seek to make &quot;condolence payments&quot; to families of victims of a U.S. air strike that mistakenly hit a Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, killing 22 people, the Pentagon said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-10-09/33-still-missing-after-kunduz-air-strike/6841734)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/military/defense-dept-make-payments-after-strike-doctors-without-borders-hospital-n442296)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/10/us-afghanistan-attack-msf-payments-idUSKCN0S40Y720151010)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres  (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital  where at least 30 were killed.  Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged  with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives.  According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had  been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doc.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, The Pentagon_
3. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [A prolonged series of American military airstrikes hit a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in Kunduz, killing twelve staff members and at least seven patients, including three children, with 37 seriously injured and many more people still missing. ](/news/2015/10/3/a-prolonged-series-of-american-military-airstrikes-hit-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-killing-tw.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [The Taliban launches an offensive entering the city of Kunduz which they briefly captured last year. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-taliban-launches-an-offensive-entering-the-city-of-kunduz-which-they-briefly-captured-last-year.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Afghan officials say yesterday's U.S. airstrikes killed up to eight Afghan policemen in Lashkar Gah, Uruzgan. ](/news/2016/09/19/afghan-officials-say-yesterday-s-u-s-airstrikes-killed-up-to-eight-afghan-policemen-in-lashkar-gah-uruzgan.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), airstrike_
9. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres, The Pentagon_
