### [2015-10-10](/news/2015/10/10/index.md)

# Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  

Two blasts at a peace rally in the Turkish capital Ankara kill at least 95 people in the deadliest attack of its kind in recent Turkish history.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/10/middleeast/turkey-ankara-bomb-blast/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34495161)
3. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/10/10/twin-explosions-hit-rally-in-turkish-capital.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: Kurdish, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
2. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: 2015 Ankara bombings, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
3. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
4. [Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group -- based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border -- is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as  four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-a-based-in-gaziantep-near-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: 2015 Ankara bombings, Ankara, Turkish_
5. [At least 17 PKK militants are reportedly killed following a Turkish military operation in the Kurdish-majority city of Silvan. ](/news/2015/10/2/at-least-17-pkk-militants-are-reportedly-killed-following-a-turkish-military-operation-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-silvan.md) _Context: Kurdish, PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict_
6. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
7. [Turkish jets strike PKK militant positions across south-east Turkey and northern Iraq and deploy special forces to the Iraqi border following a deadly PKK attack which left at least 16 Turkish soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/09/7/turkish-jets-strike-pkk-militant-positions-across-south-east-turkey-and-northern-iraq-and-deploy-special-forces-to-the-iraqi-border-followin.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
8. [Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-soldiers-also-the-turkish.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
9. [Two Turkish police officers and two PKK militants are killed following a PKK raid on a police station in the south-eastern town of Pozanti. Also, in the eastern province of Kars, PKK militants bombed a railway line and then fired at repair workers, leaving one dead. ](/news/2015/07/31/two-turkish-police-officers-and-two-pkk-militants-are-killed-following-a-pkk-raid-on-a-police-station-in-the-south-eastern-town-of-pozanta.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
10. [An ambush on a Turkish military convoy in the south-eastern Sirnak Province by PKK militants kills 3 Turkish soldiers. ](/news/2015/07/30/an-ambush-on-a-turkish-military-convoy-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-by-pkk-militants-kills-3-turkish-soldiers.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey–PKK conflict, Turkish_
