### [2008-12-1](/news/2008/12/1/index.md)

#  United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his national security team to his transition advisory board, among them being Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, who was nominated Secretary of State. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE4AT26E20081201)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
2. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, states that she will not serve a second term in President Obama's Cabinet if he is reelected in 2012 and will retire from public life. ](/news/2011/03/16/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-states-that-she-will-not-serve-a-second-term-in-president-obama-s-cabinet-if-he-is-re.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ According to unofficial sources, Hillary Clinton has agreed to serve as the next U.S. Secretary of State and Timothy F. Geithner as the next Secretary of the Treasury under the presidency of Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/11/21/according-to-unofficial-sources-hillary-clinton-has-agreed-to-serve-as-the-next-u-s-secretary-of-state-and-timothy-f-geithner-as-the-nex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
5. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
6. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama-s administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Secretary of State_
7. [2016 Democratic National Convention. U.S. President Barack Obama's advocates for Hillary Clinton stating there has never been anyone more qualified than Hillary to serve as president. ](/news/2016/07/27/2016-democratic-national-convention-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-advocates-for-hillary-clinton-stating-there-has-never-been-anyone-more-qu.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton_
8. [2016 United States presidential election. U.S. President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/9/2016-united-states-presidential-election-u-s-president-barack-obama-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton_
9. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State_
