### [2009-02-3](/news/2009/02/3/index.md)

#  Presidency of Barack Obama: Tom Daschle withdraws his nomination to serve as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services and Nancy Killefer withdraws her nomination to serve as Chief Performance Officer. 

&#8220;I screwed up,&#8221; President Barack Obama tells NBC&#8217;s Brian Williams after his nominee to be secretary of health and human services, Tom Daschle, withdrew his name from consideration. 


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=aqLTFbNWiqhE&refer=us)
2. [MSNBC.com](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/28994296/)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/04/us/politics/04obama.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [ United States President Barack Obama nominates Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2009/03/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-nominates-kansas-governor-kathleen-sebelius-as-secretary-of-health-and-human-services.md) _Context: Health and Human Services Secretary, Obama, U.S._
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
4. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
5. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
6. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
7. [Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is-inconsistent-and-hypocritical-in-persuading-the.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
8. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
9. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
10. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
