### [2017-01-18](/news/2017/01/18/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. 

The Iraqi army has announced the &quot;liberation&quot; of east Mosul, following the collapse of Islamic State defences on the left bank of the Tigris River.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-army-announces-recapture-east-mosul/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army retakes Mosul Museum as well as the main government building in Mosul. ](/news/2017/03/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-retakes-mosul-museum-as-well-as-the-main-government-building-i.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Mosul_
2. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). Hamam al-Alil massacre. Iraqi Army discover at least 100 beheaded bodies as they retake Hamam al-Alil, the last major settlement south of Mosul. ](/news/2016/11/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-hamam-al-alil-massacre-iraqi-army-discover-at-least-100-beheaded-bodies-as-they-r.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Mosul_
4. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executes at least 284 people in Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executes-at-least-284-people-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Hit offensive (2016). The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
