### [2017-01-18](/news/2017/01/18/index.md)

# London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. 

Mayor Sadiq Khan today put London on toxic air alert for at least three days. City Hall sent out warnings that air pollution could rise today to “moderate” in 17 boroughs and the City. It is then set to hit a “high” peak in Westminster and the Square Mile tomorrow before reducing to “moderate” in these two areas on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Courier Mail](http://www.couriermail.com.au/technology/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-public-health-emergency-over-toxic-air/news-story/b4c2b5ba355dc72868d16d5c1fe8fbe1)
2. [London Evening Standard](http://www.standard.co.uk/news/health/london-toxic-smog-alert-issued-for-next-three-days-in-public-health-emergency-a3443381.html)

### Related:

1. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: London Mayor, Sadiq Khan_
2. [London votes Sadiq Khan to succeed Boris Johnson as Mayor of London; Khan is the first Muslim to be elected London's Mayor. ](/news/2016/05/6/london-votes-sadiq-khan-to-succeed-boris-johnson-as-mayor-of-london-khan-is-the-first-muslim-to-be-elected-london-s-mayor.md) _Context: London Mayor, Sadiq Khan_
3. [ The winning design for the replacement of the iconic Routemaster double-decker bus is announced by London mayor Boris Johnson. ](/news/2008/12/21/the-winning-design-for-the-replacement-of-the-iconic-routemaster-double-decker-bus-is-announced-by-london-mayor-boris-johnson.md) _Context: London, London Mayor_
4. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
5. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
6. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
7. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
8. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
9. [The World Health Organization (WHO) states that 92% of the world's population lives in air pollution levels surpassing the organization's limits. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-world-health-organization-who-states-that-92-of-the-world-s-population-lives-in-air-pollution-levels-surpassing-the-organization-s-li.md) _Context: air pollution_
10. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: London_
