### [2009-06-3](/news/2009/06/3/index.md)

#  Ireland's State Examinations Commission postpones a Leaving Certificate Exam because of an accidental content leak. [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0603/exams.html (RTE)] [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2009/0603/breaking71.htm "(The Irish Times)"]




### Related:

1. [ Irish Minister for Education and Science Batt O'Keeffe apologises for the postponement of a Leaving Certificate Examination. ](/news/2009/06/4/irish-minister-for-education-and-science-batt-o-keeffe-apologises-for-the-postponement-of-a-leaving-certificate-examination.md) _Context: Ireland, Leaving Certificate Examination_
2. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: leaked_
3. [Crimes in Ireland: A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017: Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [Government of Ireland: Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/government-of-ireland-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home: A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing -significant quantities of human remains-, all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/bon-secours-mother-and-baby-home-a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-significant-quan.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations: Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Ireland_
