### [2004-05-11](/news/2004/05/11/index.md)

#  Hundreds of civilians march to the Muslim shrines in Najaf, calling upon Moqtada al-Sadr to remove his Mahdi Army from the city. 

Get the latest breaking news and headlines from the largest Arab News website. Get world news, sport news, business news, entertainment, lifestyle, video and photos.


### Source:

1. [Arabnews](http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=44795&d=12&m=5&y=2004)
2. [NYPost](http://www.nypost.com/postopinion/editorial/20645.htm)
3. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/news/news-iraq-najaf.html)
4. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2004/05/fe4d228e-d9a0-456b-b947-1989f3258a36.html)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5107738)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
3. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ Fierce fighting continues between U.S. forces and backers of Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr. Sadr threatens that he "will defend Najaf until my last drop of blood." According to the U.S. military, U.S forces have killed 300 supporters of Sadr in some of the most violent clashes since the fall of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/08/9/fierce-fighting-continues-between-u-s-forces-and-backers-of-shiite-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-sadr-threatens-that-he-will-defend-najaf-until.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
5. [ The truce between Muqtada al-Sadr's militia and occupation troops ends as US troops surround his house in Najaf to arrest him. ](/news/2004/08/3/the-truce-between-muqtada-al-sadr-s-militia-and-occupation-troops-ends-as-us-troops-surround-his-house-in-najaf-to-arrest-him.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Najaf_
6. [ Following the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, an agreement is found to end the standoff in Najaf. Although the terms are not clear, the deal requires both the al-Sadr militia and U.S. troops to leave the city, to be replaced by the police interim government. Responsibility for the Imam Ali Mosque goes to Sistani. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3603730.stm (BBC)] This resolution occurs two days before the one-year anniversary of the assassination of Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, a prominent Shi'ite cleric from Najaf.](/news/2004/08/27/following-the-intervention-of-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-an-agreement-is-found-to-end-the-standoff-in-najaf-although-the-terms-are-no.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Najaf_
7. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Najaf_
8. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Najaf_
9. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Najaf_
10. [ Aides to rebel Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr report that he has been wounded in fighting in the holy city of Najaf; the government denies the reports. The Najaf offensive triggers pro-Sadr protests in cities all over Iraq. ](/news/2004/08/13/aides-to-rebel-iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-report-that-he-has-been-wounded-in-fighting-in-the-holy-city-of-najaf-the-government-deni.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
