### [2004-05-11](/news/2004/05/11/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Six Israeli soldiers are killed in the Gaza Strip during an incursion when their armored personnel carrier triggered an explosive device. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim to hold a portion of the remains of the soldiers: "We possess the remains of your bodies that were thrown into the streets of Gaza. We have our demands to hand them over to the Zionist occupier" 




### Source:

1. [HaAretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/426159.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [ An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [ Israeli troops and airstrike kill four militants in an incursion into the Gaza Strip including three members of Islamic Jihad and one Hamas member. ](/news/2007/07/26/israeli-troops-and-airstrike-kill-four-militants-in-an-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-including-three-members-of-islamic-jihad-and-one-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel launches a series of air strikes as reprisals after the Palestinians fired Qassam rockets, hitting what local officials called an Islamic Jihad charity in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-series-of-air-strikes-as-reprisals-after-the-palestinians-fired-qassam-rockets-hitting-wha.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 2 Palestinian militants, one from Hamas, the other the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, have died following an Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2-palestinian-militants-one-from-hamas-the-other-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigade-have-died-following-an-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
