### [2005-03-30](/news/2005/03/30/index.md)

#  Doron Grossman, the Israeli ambassador to Ethiopia, is to be flown back to Israel after receiving a critical head injury following an apparent failed suicide attempt. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4393643.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel confirms that in 2010 it secretly imprisoned an Australian-Israeli man, known as Prisoner X, and that he committed suicide in custody. ](/news/2013/02/13/israel-confirms-that-in-2010-it-secretly-imprisoned-an-australianaisraeli-man-known-as-prisoner-x-and-that-he-committed-suicide-in-custo.md) _Context: Israel, suicide_
2. [Turkey's Foreign Ministry summons Israel's ambassador after the Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak accuses the new head of Turkish intelligence of being a "friend of Iran". ](/news/2010/08/3/turkey-s-foreign-ministry-summons-israel-s-ambassador-after-the-israeli-defence-minister-ehud-barak-accuses-the-new-head-of-turkish-intellig.md) _Context: Israel, ambassador_
3. [Assassination of senior Hamas commander in Dubai:The British and Irish governments call in their Israeli ambassadors over the use of fake passports by the alleged killers of a Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/02/18/assassination-of-senior-hamas-commander-in-dubai-pthe-british-and-irish-governments-call-in-their-israeli-ambassadors-over-the-use-of-fake-p.md) _Context: Israel, ambassador_
4. [ An Israeli security officer shoots himself as French President Nicolas Sarkozy is about to board his plane after a 3-day trip to Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2008/06/24/an-israeli-security-officer-shoots-himself-as-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-is-about-to-board-his-plane-after-a-3-day-trip-to-israel-and.md) _Context: Israel, suicide_
5. [ Israel has summoned the ambassador from the Vatican to explain why the Pope did not condemn Palestinian militant attacks on Israelis, in a statement on Sunday, July 24, Pope Benedict XVI said that he deplored attacks in "countries including Egypt, Turkey, Iraq and Britain". ](/news/2005/07/25/israel-has-summoned-the-ambassador-from-the-vatican-to-explain-why-the-pope-did-not-condemn-palestinian-militant-attacks-on-israelis-in-a.md) _Context: Israel, ambassador_
6. [USAID  announces the Trump administration is dedicating  $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-is-dedicating-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earl.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
