### [2005-03-30](/news/2005/03/30/index.md)

#  European nations has expressed support of UN secretary general Kofi Annan after US probe found no evidence of his involvement with the foul play in Oil-for-Food Program 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8041159)

### Related:

1. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Europe, Kofi Annan, United States_
2. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. ](/news/2005/04/15/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-accuses-the-united-states-and-britain-of-not-accepting-enough-responsibility-for-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United States_
3. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
5. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
6. [Syrian peace process. United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/syrian-peace-process-united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
7. [NATO-Russia relations. Cold War II. U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia-s expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/nato-russia-relations-cold-war-ii-u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-say.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
8. [European migrant crisis. The President of Finland, Sauli Niinisto, in an address to the Finnish parliament (Eduskunta), says the current flow of migrants into Europe threatens the continent's Western values and that the UN's Convention relating to the Status of Refugees is outdated, saying "All estimates predict that the flow of people will increase this year. This is challenging the ability of Western democracies to help and also challenging the very structures underlying the idea of Europe". ](/news/2016/02/4/european-migrant-crisis-the-president-of-finland-sauli-niinistap-in-an-address-to-the-finnish-parliament-eduskunta-says-the-current-fl.md) _Context: Europe, United Nations_
9. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joi.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
10. [A team of scientists from the United States and Europe are predicting that declining snowpacks on mountain ranges could lead to Northern Hemisphere water shortages by the year 2060. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-team-of-scientists-from-the-united-states-and-europe-are-predicting-that-declining-snowpacks-on-mountain-ranges-could-lead-to-northern-hem.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
