### [2003-10-13](/news/2003/10/13/index.md)

#  2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.




### Related:

1. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, United Nations_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council discusses a new United States draft resolution on Iraq, which would enhance the United Nations' role in Iraq. Secretary General Kofi Annan states draft did not go in the direction he recommended. A quicker transfer of sovereignty ""may change the dynamics on the ground, in terms of the security situation, and send a message"".](/news/2003/10/2/occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-discusses-a-new-united-states-draft-resolution-on-iraq-which-would-enhance-the-uni.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations, sovereignty_
3. [ Iraq - Constitution: Secretary of State Colin Powell, responding to a rapid timetable self-rule demands from France (and others), states the United States would set a deadline of six months for Iraqi leaders working under the coalition occupation to produce a new constitution. The constitution would clear the way for elections and the installation of a new leadership next year.](/news/2003/09/26/iraq-a-constitution-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-responding-to-a-rapid-timetable-self-rule-demands-from-france-and-others-states.md) _Context: Iraq, constitution, election_
4. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: United Nations, sovereignty_
7. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
