### [2003-10-13](/news/2003/10/13/index.md)

#  2003 occupation of Iraq: Three more US soldiers have been killed in separate incidents.




### Related:

1. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia describes U.S. presence in Iraq as an "illegal occupation." ](/news/2007/03/29/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-describes-u-s-presence-in-iraq-as-an-illegal-occupation.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ President of the United States George W. Bush delivers the 2007 State of the Union Address, in which he remains steadfast to his Iraq policies, but also reaches out to political opponents by proposing environmental and social reforms. ](/news/2007/01/23/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-delivers-the-2007-state-of-the-union-address-in-which-he-remains-steadfast-to-his-iraq-polic.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair declares that British troops should be out of Iraq within four years. ](/news/2006/05/22/prime-minister-tony-blair-declares-that-british-troops-should-be-out-of-iraq-within-four-years.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ Post-invasion Iraq: The deadline set by the kidnappers of Jill Caroll, after which they said they would execute her if their demands were not met, passes with no word yet on whether she has been killed. An Iraqi official says he believes she is still alive and that they know her original kidnapper's name and address, although Carroll may have been sold to another group since. ](/news/2006/02/27/post-invasion-iraq-the-deadline-set-by-the-kidnappers-of-jill-caroll-after-which-they-said-they-would-execute-her-if-their-demands-were-n.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/moments-before-the-address-began-anti-war-protester-cindy-sheehan-is-arrested-in-the-u-s-capitol-building-for-refusing-to-cover-up-a-t-sh.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
7. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
8. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council reaches a compromise agreement on the draft resolution on Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-the-un-security-council-reaches-a-compromise-agreement-on-the-draft-resolution-on-iraq.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
