### [2003-10-13](/news/2003/10/13/index.md)

#  The Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, and the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, have begun talks in Downing Street on a possible restoration of devolved government in Northern Ireland.




### Related:

1. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Prime Minister, Taoiseach, Tony Blair_
2. [Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Taoiseach Brian Cowen leave Northern Ireland after three days spent discussing its future. ](/news/2010/01/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-and-taoiseach-brian-cowen-leave-northern-ireland-after-three-days-spent-discussing-its-future.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
3. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at Downing Street to discuss the devolution deadlock in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/01/25/taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-downing-street-to-discuss-the-devolution-deadlock-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
4. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen meets Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London for talks on the devolution process in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/01/14/taoiseach-brian-cowen-meets-prime-minister-gordon-brown-in-london-for-talks-on-the-devolution-process-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
5. [ Tony Blair and Arnold Schwarzenegger hold talks at 10 Downing Street on Blair's last day as Prime Minister; the environment and climate change are the primary issue. ](/news/2007/06/26/tony-blair-and-arnold-schwarzenegger-hold-talks-at-10-downing-street-on-blair-s-last-day-as-prime-minister-the-environment-and-climate-cha.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
6. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Prime Minister_
7. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
8. [10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned "The Daily Telegraph" against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/12/12/10-downing-street-denies-that-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-spokesman-craig-oliver-warned-the-daily-telegraph-against-running-a-c.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Prime Minister_
9. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
10. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
