### [2003-02-20](/news/2003/02/20/index.md)

#  University of South Florida computer engineering professor Dr. Sami Al-Arian was arrested by the FBI after he and seven others were indicted on 50 terrorism-related charges. United States Attorney General John Ashcroft alleged at a news conference that Al-Arian is the North American leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.




### Related:

1. [ Two Egyptian students at the University of South Florida are indicted for carrying explosive materials across state lines with one indicted for terrorism charges. ](/news/2007/08/31/two-egyptian-students-at-the-university-of-south-florida-are-indicted-for-carrying-explosive-materials-across-state-lines-with-one-indicted.md) _Context: University of South Florida, terrorism_
2. [ Sami Al-Arian, the former university professor convicted of funneling money to Palestinian Islamic Jihad, ends his hunger strike to protest his imprisonment, after 60 days. ](/news/2007/03/23/sami-al-arian-the-former-university-professor-convicted-of-funneling-money-to-palestinian-islamic-jihad-ends-his-hunger-strike-to-protest.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Sami Al-Arian_
3. [ FBI Director Robert Mueller and United States Attorney General John Ashcroft state that Al Qaeda may be planning a terrorist strike over the coming months. Multiple FBI officials contend that there is no recent intelligence to suggest a significant change in the US's security situation, and critics question the validity and timing of the public warning.[http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/27/politics/27terror.html?th (NYT)] Seven people wanted for questioning are also named.](/news/2004/05/26/fbi-director-robert-mueller-and-united-states-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-state-that-al-qaeda-may-be-planning-a-terrorist-strike-over-th.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, United States Attorney General_
4. [ Real IRA leader Michael McKevitt is convicted in the Republic of Ireland's Special Criminal Court of two terrorist offences, "directing terrorism" and "membership of an illegal organisation". One of the key witnesses was David Rupert, an FBI agent who posed as a member of the Real IRA to get close to McKevitt. The three judges of the SCC will sentence McKevitt later.](/news/2003/08/6/real-ira-leader-michael-mckevitt-is-convicted-in-the-republic-of-ireland-s-special-criminal-court-of-two-terrorist-offences-directing-ter.md) _Context: FBI, terrorism_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants and the Israeli Government vow to continue attacks on each other after the terrorist attacks and bloodshed. Hamas and Islamic Jihad release an official joint statement on their participation ending in the peace plan. They urge militant cells in Palestine to strike. Israeli security officials state this is ""only the beginning"" of responses to Palestinian attacks.](/news/2003/08/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-and-the-israeli-government-vow-to-continue-attacks-on-each-other-after-the-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, terrorism_
6. [ Dr. Sami Al-Arian was terminated from his teaching position at the University of South Florida. USF President Judy Genshaft indicated that Dr. Al-Arian's non-academic activities created a conflict of interest with the University, and also cited items from Al-Arian's 50-count indictment. A representative from the American Association of University Professors indicated that the AAUP does not feel that due process was followed in Al-Arian's case, and that the organization will likely formally censure USF at its June meeting.](/news/2003/02/26/dr-sami-al-arian-was-terminated-from-his-teaching-position-at-the-university-of-south-florida-usf-president-judy-genshaft-indicated-that.md) _Context: Sami Al-Arian, University of South Florida_
7. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
