### [2014-03-26](/news/2014/03/26/index.md)

# A Turkish court lifts the ban on Twitter imposed by the government after a user spread allegations of corruption. 

A court in Turkey orders the suspension of a controversial ban on the social media site Twitter but it could be weeks before it takes effect.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-26749374)

### Related:

1. [Former businessman Martin Shkreli has his bail revoked for threatening former politician Hillary Clinton, after Shkreli posted on Twitter that he would offer $5,000 to anyone who could directly obtain a lock of Clinton's hair. Shkreli was convicted of fraud in August and is awaiting sentencing. ](/news/2017/09/13/former-businessman-martin-shkreli-has-his-bail-revoked-for-threatening-former-politician-hillary-clinton-after-shkreli-posted-on-twitter-th.md) _Context: Twitter_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: Twitter_
3. [Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Judicial system of Turkey_
4. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Twitter_
5. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: Twitter_
6. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
7. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Twitter_
8. [Twitter announces 235,000 terror-linked accounts have been suspended over the past six months amid increasing pressure on tech companies from the White House to censor extremists from groups like ISIS. ](/news/2016/08/18/twitter-announces-235-000-terror-linked-accounts-have-been-suspended-over-the-past-six-months-amid-increasing-pressure-on-tech-companies-fro.md) _Context: Twitter_
9. [Breitbart tech editor and outspoken conservative gay activist Milo Yiannopoulos with more than 338,000 registered followers is "permanently" banned from Twitter. ](/news/2016/07/20/breitbart-tech-editor-and-outspoken-conservative-gay-activist-milo-yiannopoulos-with-more-than-338-000-registered-followers-is-permanently.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Twitter_
