### [2015-12-21](/news/2015/12/21/index.md)

# Armenia-Russia relations. Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/content/armenia-russia-reinforces-base/27440370.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian intervention. A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Mi-24, Ministry of Defence, Russia, Russian Air Force_
2. [Armenia-Russia relations. Armenia's parliament, by a 102-8 vote, ratifies an agreement to create an Armenia-Russia joint Air Defense system. ](/news/2016/06/30/armenia-russia-relations-armenia-s-parliament-by-a-102-8-vote-ratifies-an-agreement-to-create-an-armenia-russia-joint-air-defense-syste.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenia-Russia relations, Russia_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
4. [A Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashes and leaves at least 19 dead and three others injured on the Yamal Peninsula in Russia's Extreme North. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-mil-mi-8-helicopter-crashes-and-leaves-at-least-19-dead-and-three-others-injured-on-the-yamal-peninsula-in-russia-s-extreme-north.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
5. [Syrian civil war. Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham. ](/news/2016/08/19/syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-t.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
6. [Syrian civil war. A Russian Mil Mi-8 military helicopter carrying humanitarian aid onboard is shot down by rebels in northern Syria. All five members of the crew die in the crash. ](/news/2016/08/1/syrian-civil-war-a-russian-mil-mi-8-military-helicopter-carrying-humanitarian-aid-onboard-is-shot-down-by-rebels-in-northern-syria-all-fiv.md) _Context: Mil Mi-8, Russia_
7. [Syrian civil war. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/syrian-civil-war-russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russian war planes allegedly bomb a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least eight people. ](/news/2016/07/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-war-planes-allegedly-bomb-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-eight-people.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Air Force_
9. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses 50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief-o.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia_
10. [Syrian Civil War. According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Air Force_
