### [2015-12-21](/news/2015/12/21/index.md)

# Future Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum: President Massoud Barzani of Iraqi Kurdistan instructs senior party officials to work on preparations for holding a referendum to decide whether to secede from Iraq, a long-standing Kurdish aspiration. 




### Source:

1. [Today's Zaman](http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_krg-leader-instructs-officials-to-expedite-independence-referendum_407583.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: American-led intervention in Iraq: According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/iraqi-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-n.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-civil-war-senior-kurdish-and-shi-ite-muslim-leaders-agree-to-withdraw-from-tuz-khurmato-iraq-where-recent-violence-has-killed-more.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
5. [Turkey-PKK conflict (2015-present): Turkish Air Force airstrikes reportedly kill at least 67 PKK militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/12/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-present-turkish-air-force-airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-67-pkk-militants-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A pipeline used to generate around half the electricity in Iraqi Kurdistan is blown up, knocking out power across the region. ](/news/2016/01/29/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-pipeline-used-to-generate-around-half-the-electricity-in-iraqi-kurdistan-is-blown-up-knocking-out-power.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-secu.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey-s foreign ministry says it will continue to move some of its troops out of a military base at Bashiqa in Nineveh province in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-s-foreign-ministry-says-it-will-continue-to-move-some-of-its-troops-out-of-a-military-base-at-bas.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan_
