### [2015-12-21](/news/2015/12/21/index.md)

# Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. 

Israeli Interior Minister Silvan Shalom, the subject of sexual harassment allegations from several women, has resigned from parliament.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-politics-idUSKBN0U30RQ20151221)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/12/21/Israeli-Interior-Minister-Shalom-resigns-after-sexual-harassment-allegation/3201450699634/)

### Related:

1. [ Israel:. In the Likud primary elections, Benjamin Netanyahu wins, becoming the new Likud leader. In the voting, he is followed by Silvan Shalom, Moshe Feyglin, and Yisrael Katz. ](/news/2005/12/20/israel-in-the-likud-primary-elections-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-becoming-the-new-likud-leader-in-the-voting-he-is-followed-by-silvan-sh.md) _Context: Israel, Likud, Silvan Shalom_
2. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Attorney General of Israel, Israel_
3. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
4. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Association for Civil Rights writes to Israel's Attorney General after being alerted to the secrecy surrounding the jailing of a "Mister X" in a maximum security jail in Ayalon. ](/news/2010/06/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-association-for-civil-rights-writes-to-israel-s-attorney-general-after-being-alerted-to-the-secrecy-sur.md) _Context: Attorney General of Israel, Israel_
6. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
7. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
8. [ The Likud primary elections for the party's leadership between the candidates Benjamin Netanyahu, Silvan Shalom, Yisrael Katz and Moshe Feyglin opened at 10:00 a.m. ](/news/2005/12/19/the-likud-primary-elections-for-the-party-s-leadership-between-the-candidates-benjamin-netanyahu-silvan-shalom-yisrael-katz-and-moshe-fey.md) _Context: Likud, Silvan Shalom_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]. The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]. The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
10. [ The Israeli Foreign Minister, Silvan Shalom, apologises to New Zealand for the actions of two Israeli citizens, believed to be Mossad agents, who attempted to gain New Zealand passports under false pretences in 2004. The apology allows diplomatic relations between the two countries to return to normal. ](/news/2005/06/26/the-israeli-foreign-minister-silvan-shalom-apologises-to-new-zealand-for-the-actions-of-two-israeli-citizens-believed-to-be-mossad-agent.md) _Context: Israel, Silvan Shalom_
