### [2010-09-13](/news/2010/09/13/index.md)

# A study of Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture employees shows that the food industry has been successfully withholding information from inspectors and pressuring the government agencies to withdraw or alter policies which promote food safety. 

The food industry is jeopardizing U.S. public health by withholding information from food safety investigators or pressuring regulators to withdraw or alter policy designed to protect consumers, said a survey of government scientists and inspectors.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE68C39320100913)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
2. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
3. [Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. ](/news/2017/02/3/citing-court-rulings-and-privacy-laws-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-stops-making-its-records-of-animal-abuse-available-to-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486). The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence. Changes include reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
8. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofovi.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
9. [The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-american-medical-association-urges-congress-and-or-the-fda-to-ban-direct-to-consumer-advertising-of-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devic.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
10. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
