### [2003-09-22](/news/2003/09/22/index.md)

#  90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.




### Related:

1. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
2. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
3. [ Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. ](/news/2005/11/1/justice-john-gomery-releases-the-first-part-of-the-gomery-commission-report-on-corruption-in-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-the-sponsorshi.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
4. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
5. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien, Liberal Party's_
6. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
8. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
9. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
10. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
