### [2003-09-22](/news/2003/09/22/index.md)

#  A suicide attacker detonates a car bomb near United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, killing himself and an Iraqi guard and injuring at least 11 others. The attack came a month after a massive truck bomb devastated the complex and as the UN considers expanding its role in Iraq. UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan states that personnel are assessing the situation following the attack.




### Related:

1. [ War in Iraq: At least 47 people die in insurgent strikes including 20 as a result of a suicide truck bomb in a Baghdad police station. ](/news/2007/03/24/war-in-iraq-at-least-47-people-die-in-insurgent-strikes-including-20-as-a-result-of-a-suicide-truck-bomb-in-a-baghdad-police-station.md) _Context: Baghdad, car bomb, suicide bombing_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon is left shocked, but uninjured at a press conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki in Baghdad as a nearby bomb explodes. ](/news/2007/03/22/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-is-left-shocked-but-uninjured-at-a-press-conference-with-iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-maliki-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Secretary General, United Nations_
3. [ A suicide truck bomb kills at least 15 people in Baghdad. ](/news/2007/02/13/a-suicide-truck-bomb-kills-at-least-15-people-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, car bomb, suicide bombing_
4. [ On a visit to Ottawa, Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan addressed a dinner, saying that Canada is a pillar of the United Nations. ](/news/2004/03/8/on-a-visit-to-ottawa-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-kofi-annan-addressed-a-dinner-saying-that-canada-is-a-pillar-of-the-united-n.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
5. [ The United Nations sides with the United States on voting in Iraq. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and other UN officials call direct elections in advance of July 2004 impractical, due to continuing disorder in Iraq and other factors.](/news/2004/01/15/the-united-nations-sides-with-the-united-states-on-voting-in-iraq-secretary-general-kofi-annan-and-other-un-officials-call-direct-election.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council discusses a new United States draft resolution on Iraq, which would enhance the United Nations' role in Iraq. Secretary General Kofi Annan states draft did not go in the direction he recommended. A quicker transfer of sovereignty ""may change the dynamics on the ground, in terms of the security situation, and send a message"".](/news/2003/10/2/occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-discusses-a-new-united-states-draft-resolution-on-iraq-which-would-enhance-the-uni.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
7. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad, car bomb_
8. [Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, car bomb_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations_
10. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations_
