### [2009-12-1](/news/2009/12/1/index.md)

#  The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says efforts are continuing to secure the release of sailors captured by the Iranian Navy on November 25, while Iran warns it will deal with them seriously if it exposes "malicious intent". 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2009/12/2009121944295523.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8387740.stm)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=112610&sectionid=351020601)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Britain, Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
2. [ Turkey deports  British academic Chris Stephenson, a computer science lecturer at Bilgi University in Istanbul, who is charged with making terrorism propaganda. The UK Foreign Office said it was providing assistance;  there has been no comment from Turkish officials. ](/news/2016/03/16/turkey-deports-british-academic-chris-stephenson-a-computer-science-lecturer-at-bilgi-university-in-istanbul-who-is-charged-with-making.md) _Context: Britain, Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
3. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) releases a video showing the killing of five men accused of committing espionage on the militant group for the United Kingdom. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office released a statement saying that they are examining the content of the video. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-releases-a-video-showing-the-killing-of-five-men-accused-of-committing-espionage-on-the-mili.md) _Context: Britain, Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war:The United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office is investigating claims that a man from the English city of Manchester has been killed in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/03/4/2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-united-kingdom-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-is-investigating-claims-that-a-man-from-the-english-city-of-manche.md) _Context: Britain, Foreign and Commonwealth Office_
5. [ Three British prisoners are freed in Iran after pressure from the British Foreign Office. The trio were seized at by Iranian Navy patrol boats on 28 October, when they sailed their boat to the disputed island of Abu Musa, which is claimed by both Iran and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2005/11/11/three-british-prisoners-are-freed-in-iran-after-pressure-from-the-british-foreign-office-the-trio-were-seized-at-by-iranian-navy-patrol-bo.md) _Context: Britain, Iranian Navy_
6. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain_
