### [2006-01-1](/news/2006/01/1/index.md)

#  At least three Qassam rockets landed in the western Negev, despite Israel Defense Forces' Operation Blue Skies. At least one Qassam rocket landed in Sderot, in which the Red Dawn alert system was activated around 15:30. Two Qassam rockets landed in an open area near Israeli communities in the western Negev. In all the cases there were no injuries. 




### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3193271,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel Defense Forces jets attack targets in the Gaza Strip following a Qassam rocket fired at the Negev in Israel on Saturday night. ](/news/2010/08/1/israel-defense-forces-jets-attack-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-following-a-qassam-rocket-fired-at-the-negev-in-israel-on-saturday-night.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Negev, Qassam rocket_
2. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
3. [ Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-court-in-sderot-more-than-fifteen-rockets-land-in-israeli-t.md) _Context: Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
4. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
5. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
6. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied-g.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state-militants-in-syria.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israeli security forces kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
