### [2006-01-1](/news/2006/01/1/index.md)

#   Russian natural gas supplier Gazprom cuts gas supplies to Ukraine, following Ukraine's rejection of a 460% price increase. President Vladimir Putin had offered a three-month price freeze if Ukraine would agree to pay the higher price thereafter, but this was rejected. Ukraine pays US$50 per 1000 cubic metres, Russia claims the market rate is $230. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4572712.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Russia's Gazprom alleges that Ukraine has blocked three key gas pipelines to Europe, making natural gas delivery there impossible. ](/news/2009/01/6/russia-s-gazprom-alleges-that-ukraine-has-blocked-three-key-gas-pipelines-to-europe-making-natural-gas-delivery-there-impossible.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, natural gas_
2. [ Ukraine says it cannot resume natural-gas transit because Russia's Gazprom has provided insufficient supplies. ](/news/2009/01/14/ukraine-says-it-cannot-resume-natural-gas-transit-because-russia-s-gazprom-has-provided-insufficient-supplies.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, natural gas_
3. [ Russia's Gazprom halts deliveries of natural gas to Ukraine after negotiations over prices fail. ](/news/2009/01/1/russia-s-gazprom-halts-deliveries-of-natural-gas-to-ukraine-after-negotiations-over-prices-fail.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, natural gas_
4. [ Russia and Ukraine resolve a dispute over Ukraine's natural gas debt which saw Gazprom threatening to cut off supplies. ](/news/2008/02/12/russia-and-ukraine-resolve-a-dispute-over-ukraine-s-natural-gas-debt-which-saw-gazprom-threatening-to-cut-off-supplies.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, natural gas_
5. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: The Russian and Ukrainian natural gas companies agree to end their dispute and resume gas supply to Ukraine under a complex price scheme in which OAO Gazprom will sell gas to the Rosukrenergo trading company (owned by Gazprom Bank and Raiffeisen Bank) for US$230 (E195) per 1,000 cubic meters as of Jan. 1, and Ukraine will buy gas from the company for US$95 (E80). ](/news/2006/01/3/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-the-russian-and-ukrainian-natural-gas-companies-agree-to-end-their-dispute-and-resume-gas-supply-to-ukraine-und.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, restarts_
6. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. ](/news/2006/01/2/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-p-countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yester.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine, restarts_
7. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
8. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
