### [2016-02-28](/news/2016/02/28/index.md)

# A man fatally stabs 14 family members before taking his own life in the Indian city of Thane. 




### Source:

1. [India Today](http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/thane-man-kills-14-family-members-then-commits-suicide/1/607226.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in the western Indian city of Thane arrest more than 750 people suspected of defrauding U.S. citizens from a fake call center. ](/news/2016/10/5/police-in-the-western-indian-city-of-thane-arrest-more-than-750-people-suspected-of-defrauding-u-s-citizens-from-a-fake-call-center.md) _Context: India, Thane_
2. [After days of heavy rain, a fifty-year-old building collapses in the Indian city of Thane killing at least twelve people with many more feared trapped in the rubble. ](/news/2015/08/3/after-days-of-heavy-rain-a-fifty-year-old-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-thane-killing-at-least-twelve-people-with-many-more-fear.md) _Context: India, Thane_
3. [At least six people have been killed and several are missing following a building collapse in the Indian city of Thane. ](/news/2015/07/28/at-least-six-people-have-been-killed-and-several-are-missing-following-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-thane.md) _Context: India, Thane_
4. [2013 Thane building collapse: Rescuers in India end the search for survivors of a building collapse which killed 74 people in the city of Thane on April 4. ](/news/2013/04/6/2013-thane-building-collapse-rescuers-in-india-end-the-search-for-survivors-of-a-building-collapse-which-killed-74-people-in-the-city-of-th.md) _Context: India, Thane_
5. [2013 Thane building collapse: At least 46 people are killed when an illegally constructed building collapses in Mumbra, a suburb of Thane, India. ](/news/2013/04/4/2013-thane-building-collapse-at-least-46-people-are-killed-when-an-illegally-constructed-building-collapses-in-mumbra-a-suburb-of-thane-i.md) _Context: India, Thane_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
