### [2016-02-28](/news/2016/02/28/index.md)

# A Virginia police officer is killed during her first day on the job (and another two are wounded) in a domestic related shooting in Lake Ridge, Virginia. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/27/us/prince-william-county-officer-shooting/index.html)

### Related:

1. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services: Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: Virginia_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson.md) _Context: Virginia_
3. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage: The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: Virginia_
4. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Virginia_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton selects Senator Tim Kaine (Virginia) as her vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-presumptive-democratic-party-presidential-nominee-hillary-clinton-selects-senator-tim-kaine-virg.md) _Context: Virginia_
6. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: Virginia_
7. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Virginia_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Virginia_
9. [Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring announces, effective February 1, 2016, that Virginia will no longer recognize concealed carry handgun permits from 25 (of the 30) states with reciprocity agreements with the commonwealth whose concealed handgun regulations are weaker than Virginia's. The state agreements with the other five states will not change. Virginia-s concealed carry permits will not be recognized by at least six states because they require mutual recognition of permits. ](/news/2015/12/22/virginia-attorney-general-mark-herring-announces-effective-february-1-2016-that-virginia-will-no-longer-recognize-concealed-carry-handgun.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Virginia_
