### [2016-02-28](/news/2016/02/28/index.md)

# Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse: Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. 

THE connections have been tested and the flights are behind them. In an opulent hotel near the heart of the Catholic Church, an extraordinary event is unfolding. 


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/cardinal-george-pell-to-face-royal-commission-from-rome-hotel/news-story/eedb68ac94ae0b397e10ac5089348e95)

### Related:

1. [Child sexual abuse in Australia: Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/child-sexual-abuse-in-australia-victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third.md) _Context: Cardinal, Catholic Church, George Pell_
2. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
3. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
4. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
5. [Papal conclave, 2013: More than 100 Roman Catholic cardinals meet in Rome to start the process of selecting a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/4/papal-conclave-2013-more-than-100-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-to-start-the-process-of-selecting-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
6. [Papal conclave, 2013:: Roman Catholic Cardinals meet in Rome in a conclave to appoint a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/12/papal-conclave-2013-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-in-a-conclave-to-appoint-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
7. [State Emergency Service volunteers respond to more than 3000 calls for help after Melbourne, Australia is hit by a series of storms bringing rainstorms, hail and a tornado. ](/news/2011/12/25/state-emergency-service-volunteers-respond-to-more-than-3000-calls-for-help-after-melbourne-australia-is-hit-by-a-series-of-storms-bringing.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
8. [The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. ](/news/2011/09/1/the-remains-of-australian-bushranger-ned-kelly-are-found-in-the-former-hm-prison-pentridge-in-melbourne-victoria.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
9. [Melbourne, Australia experiences flooding after a once-in-a-century thunderstorm of marble-sized hailstones which tears the roof from a railway station and leads to the postponement of sports fixtures. A state of emergency is declared in Queensland.](/news/2010/03/7/melbourne-australia-experiences-flooding-after-a-once-in-a-century-thunderstorm-of-marble-sized-hailstones-which-tears-the-roof-from-a-rail.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
10. [Nine Irish Roman Catholic bishops and Cardinal Sean Brady arrive in Rome to discuss the Murphy Report and Ryan Report into the Catholic sexual abuse scandal in Ireland with Pope Benedict XVI, the first such meetings there in eight years. ](/news/2010/02/14/nine-irish-roman-catholic-bishops-and-cardinal-sea-n-brady-arrive-in-rome-to-discuss-the-murphy-report-and-ryan-report-into-the-catholic-sex.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
