### [2016-02-28](/news/2016/02/28/index.md)

# South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. 

South Korean opposition lawmakers seeking to block a government-backed &quot;anti-terrorism&quot; bill pushed their record-breaking filibuster into a sixth straight day of speeches in the parliamentary chamber on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-politics-filibuster-idUSKCN0W103V)

### Related:

1. [South Korea's opposition holds a parliamentary filibuster, the first in the National Assembly since 1969, to block the current anti-terrorism bill that would expand National Intelligence Service powers. The opposition plans to continue until March 11, when the session is scheduled to end. ](/news/2016/02/24/south-korea-s-opposition-holds-a-parliamentary-filibuster-the-first-in-the-national-assembly-since-1969-to-block-the-current-anti-terroris.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency, parliamentary review_
2. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
3. [Voters in South Korea go to the polls for a legislative election with the ruling Saenuri Party losing seats in a surprise setback. ](/news/2016/04/13/voters-in-south-korea-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-the-ruling-saenuri-party-losing-seats-in-a-surprise-setback.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korean legislative election, 2016_
4. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
5. [South Korea's parliament approves a free trade pact with China after opposition lawmakers, concerned that deal that would hurt agriculture and fisheries, secured a $1.4 billion relief package for farmers. ](/news/2015/11/30/south-korea-s-parliament-approves-a-free-trade-pact-with-china-after-opposition-lawmakers-concerned-that-deal-that-would-hurt-agriculture-a.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
6. [Former Saenuri Party member of the South Korean National Assembly Cho Hyun-ryong is jailed for five years for accepting bribes. ](/news/2015/11/27/former-saenuri-party-member-of-the-south-korean-national-assembly-cho-hyun-ryong-is-jailed-for-five-years-for-accepting-bribes.md) _Context: South Korea, parliamentary review_
7. [Won Sei-hoon, former head of South Korea's National Intelligence Service is indicted on charges of interfering in last year's presidential election. ](/news/2013/06/14/won-sei-hoon-former-head-of-south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-is-indicted-on-charges-of-interfering-in-last-year-s-presidential-e.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
8. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
9. [ South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, names North Korea's telecommunications ministry as responsible for a wave of cyber attacks in July. ](/news/2009/10/30/south-korea-s-spy-agency-the-national-intelligence-service-names-north-korea-s-telecommunications-ministry-as-responsible-for-a-wave-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
10. [An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
