### [2016-08-17](/news/2016/08/17/index.md)

# Federal Security Service (FSB) officers kill at least four suspected North Caucasus Islamic militants during a counter-terrorism raid on an apartment building in the Russian city of Saint Petersburg. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-fsb-petersburg-security-raid/27928088.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian special forces kill 10 ISIS-linked militants in a counter-terrorist operation in a mountainous region near the city of Nalchik in Russia's North Caucasus. ](/news/2015/11/22/russian-special-forces-kill-10-isis-linked-militants-in-a-counter-terrorist-operation-in-a-mountainous-region-near-the-city-of-nalchik-in-ru.md) _Context: North Caucasus, Russia, counterterrorism_
2. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia, Saint Petersburg_
3. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
4. [The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-caucas.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
5. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
6. [At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dagestan-russia.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs an amendment to Russia's law regarding the regulation of the use of weapons, giving the FSB the authority to use lethal force on crowds in order to "prevent acts of terrorism, rescue hostages, or repel attacks on public buildings." ](/news/2015/12/31/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-an-amendment-to-russia-s-law-regarding-the-regulation-of-the-use-of-weapons-giving-the-fsb-the-autho.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
8. [A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-federal-security-service-court-in-russia-sentences-ukrainian-film-director-oleg-sentsov-to-20-years-in-prison-for-plotting-terrorist-acts.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
9. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:Russian police kill nine suspected Islamist militants in the North Caucasus region. ](/news/2013/08/20/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-prussian-police-kill-nine-suspected-islamist-militants-in-the-north-caucasus-region.md) _Context: North Caucasus, Russia_
10. [FIFA announces Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium will stage both the opening match and the final at the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Also FIFA chooses four cities for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup that will take place in the Russian cities of Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Kazan and Sochi. ](/news/2012/12/14/fifa-announces-moscow-s-luzhniki-stadium-will-stage-both-the-opening-match-and-the-final-at-the-2018-fifa-world-cup-also-fifa-chooses-four.md) _Context: Russia, Saint Petersburg_
