### [2016-08-17](/news/2016/08/17/index.md)

# Judge Keyla Blanc, of Brazil's Special Tribunal for Fans and Major Events, orders Brazil police to question U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte over inconsistencies describing the armed robbery of himself and three other American Olympians. Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger are later removed from a plane returning to the United States. 

Brazilian police stopped two U.S. Olympic swimmers from boarding a flight home on Wednesday to question them about how they and two team mates were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro at the weekend, after a judge raised doubts over their accounts.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/sport/olympics-2016/brazilian-judge-orders-seizing-of-ryan-lochtes-passport-and-casts-doubt-over-claims-of-robbery-in-rio/news-story/5d051b01a84a39fe813dda39667a1d66)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-olympics-rio-lochte-order-idUSKCN10S1GK)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160818&t=2&i=1150198580&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC7H121)

### Related:

1. [American Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen claim they were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro by men posing as Brazilian police officers. ](/news/2016/08/14/american-olympic-swimmers-ryan-lochte-gunnar-bentz-jack-conger-and-jimmy-feigen-claim-they-were-robbed-at-gunpoint-in-rio-de-janeiro-by-me.md) _Context: Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger, Ryan Lochte_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
3. [Huanglongbing or citrus greening, a disease which has killed millions of citrus trees in Brazil and Florida, is discovered in a residential section of Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. ](/news/2012/03/30/huanglongbing-or-citrus-greening-a-disease-which-has-killed-millions-of-citrus-trees-in-brazil-and-florida-is-discovered-in-a-residential.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
4. [Brazil announces the continuation of a "currency war" with the European Union and the United States with the extension of a financial transaction tax on foreign borrowings. ](/news/2012/03/1/brazil-announces-the-continuation-of-a-currency-war-with-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-with-the-extension-of-a-financial-transa.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
5. [Police in Brazil seek to press charges for environmental crimes committed by the United States oil company Chevron and drilling firm Transocean in relation to last month's Campos Basin oil spill. ](/news/2011/12/22/police-in-brazil-seek-to-press-charges-for-environmental-crimes-committed-by-the-united-states-oil-company-chevron-and-drilling-firm-transoc.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
6. [The United States threatens Iran with its toughest nuclear sanctions yet, despite the nuclear fuel-swap arrangement Iran made with Brazil and Turkey in May. ](/news/2010/06/8/the-united-states-threatens-iran-with-its-toughest-nuclear-sanctions-yet-despite-the-nuclear-fuel-swap-arrangement-iran-made-with-brazil-an.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
7. [President of Haiti Rene Preval, speaking in the Dominican Republic, calls on donors to deliver on their promises to give aid at a meeting in the United States in March following the 2010 Haiti earthquake as only Brazil has delivered its entire pledge of $55 million. ](/news/2010/06/3/president-of-haiti-rena-c-pra-c-val-speaking-in-the-dominican-republic-calls-on-donors-to-deliver-on-their-promises-to-give-aid-at-a-meeting.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
8. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
9. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
10. [ The International Olympic Committee releases a shortlist of 2016 Summer Olympics bids consisting of Chicago, United States; Tokyo, Japan; Madrid, Spain; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2008/06/4/the-international-olympic-committee-releases-a-shortlist-of-2016-summer-olympics-bids-consisting-of-chicago-united-states-tokyo-japan-m.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
