### [2016-08-17](/news/2016/08/17/index.md)

# The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. 

Immigration Minister Peter Dutton confirms Australia will work with Papua New Guinea to close the Manus Island detention centre.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-17/manus-island-to-close-png-prime-minister-confirms/7759810)

### Related:

1. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea_
3. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
4. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
5. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that Australia's detention of asylum seekers on Manus Island breaches the right to personal liberty under the constitution. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-australia-s-detention-of-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-breaches-the-right-to-personal-libe.md) _Context: Australia, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
6. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
7. [Belden Namah, the Deputy Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and Allan Marat, the Attorney General, agree to hand themselves into Police following a ruling by the Supreme Court. ](/news/2011/11/13/belden-namah-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-and-allan-marat-the-attorney-general-agree-to-hand-themselves-into-police-fol.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
8. [Paul Tiensten, a former Minister in Papua New Guinea, flees to Australia after being summonsed in East New Britain Province to face charges of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2011/09/14/paul-tiensten-a-former-minister-in-papua-new-guinea-flees-to-australia-after-being-summonsed-in-east-new-britain-province-to-face-charges.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
9. [ A passenger plane carrying 13 people, including nine Australians, en route to Kokoda, site of a hiking trail and famous World War II battle, is reported missing over Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2009/08/11/a-passenger-plane-carrying-13-people-including-nine-australians-en-route-to-kokoda-site-of-a-hiking-trail-and-famous-world-war-ii-battle.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
