### [2003-10-9](/news/2003/10/9/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Twin attacks in Baghdad killed a Spanish diplomat (by gunshot) and, in the other, at least ten people following an attack on a police station in Baghdad's main Shi'ite neighbourhood, exactly half a year since Coalition troops occupied the Iraqi city.




### Related:

1. [A car bombing in southeastern Baghdad kills at least 19 and injures nearly 50 Shi'ite pilgrims. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/30/a-car-bombing-in-southeastern-baghdad-kills-at-least-19-and-injures-nearly-50-shi-ite-pilgrims-isil-has-claimed-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
2. [A car bombing in a busy street in Baghdad's largest Shi'ite neighbourhood kills at least 12 people. ](/news/2014/10/9/a-car-bombing-in-a-busy-street-in-baghdad-s-largest-shi-ite-neighbourhood-kills-at-least-12-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
3. [A car bomb explodes in a mainly Shi'ite section of Baghdad, killing at least eight people and wounding 20. ](/news/2014/08/26/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-mainly-shi-ite-section-of-baghdad-killing-at-least-eight-people-and-wounding-20.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
4. [At least 25 people are killed and several injured in a series of bomb blasts targeted at Shi'ite rally in Baghdad, Iraq. The attack comes less than a week before Iraqis are due to head to the polls in parliamentary elections.](/news/2014/04/25/at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-several-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-blasts-targeted-at-shi-ite-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-the-attack-comes-le.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
5. [Fourteen car bombs targeting Shi'ite neighborhoods in Baghdad leave 54 people dead. ](/news/2013/09/30/fourteen-car-bombs-targeting-shi-ite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-leave-54-people-dead.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
6. [At least 75 people are killed and over 200 injured in a wave of bombings in Shi'ite neighbourhoods across Baghdad as sectarian violence in Iraq continues to increase. ](/news/2013/05/27/at-least-75-people-are-killed-and-over-200-injured-in-a-wave-of-bombings-in-shi-ite-neighbourhoods-across-baghdad-as-sectarian-violence-in-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
7. [A bomb planted inside a grocery store in a mainly Shi'ite area of Baghdad kills three people and wounds 23. ](/news/2010/05/12/a-bomb-planted-inside-a-grocery-store-in-a-mainly-shi-ite-area-of-baghdad-kills-three-people-and-wounds-23.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
8. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Baghdad, diplomat_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 47 people, mostly Iraqi army recruits, are killed by a car bomb in Baghdad in the second major bomb attack in two days.](/news/2004/02/11/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-47-people-mostly-iraqi-army-recruits-are-killed-by-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-in-the-second-major-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
