### [2003-10-9](/news/2003/10/9/index.md)

#  Pakistan successfully test fires a medium-range, nuclear-capable missile, the second such test in less than a week, the Pakistan army states. The Hatf-4 missile, also known as the Shaheen 1, was fired off, according to the army. The missile has a range of 435 miles, meaning it can hit most major targets in India. The test followed a similar launching on Friday of the short-range Hatf-2 Ghaznavi after which Pakistan said it was in the middle of a series of such tests. Pakistani army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan said India had been told of each of the launches beforehand and he states the tests should not affect the international relations between the two neighbors.




### Related:

1. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
2. [Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-indian-cross-border-shelling-in.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
3. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
4. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
5. [At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto-border-that-divides-kashmir-between-the-two-co.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
6. [A roadside bomb near the Afghan border in North Waziristan, Pakistan, kills 8 Pakistani soldiers. ](/news/2014/05/8/a-roadside-bomb-near-the-afghan-border-in-north-waziristan-pakistan-kills-8-pakistani-soldiers.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
7. [A roadside bomb targeting a passing Pakistani army convoy kills nine soldiers in North Waziristan near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/09/1/a-roadside-bomb-targeting-a-passing-pakistani-army-convoy-kills-nine-soldiers-in-north-waziristan-near-pakistan-s-border-with-afghanistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
8. [Thirty-five militants and one soldier are killed in fighting in the Khyber Agency tribal region of northwest Pakistan in an operation. ](/news/2013/06/9/thirty-five-militants-and-one-soldier-are-killed-in-fighting-in-the-khyber-agency-tribal-region-of-northwest-pakistan-in-an-operation.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
9. [At least 24 Pakistan Army soldiers are killed and 5 are injured after their bus crashes into a ravine in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. ](/news/2013/03/16/at-least-24-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-5-are-injured-after-their-bus-crashes-into-a-ravine-in-rawalpindi-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
10. [India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portion-of-kashmir-this.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army_
