### [2014-09-5](/news/2014/09/5/index.md)

# Outgoing Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek is formally nominated by Jean-Claude Juncker as the country's EU commissioner despite resistance from the prime minister-designate Miro Cerar, and according to several European media she is slated to become a Vice-President of the Commission. 




### Source:

1. [Slovenia Times](http://www.sloveniatimes.com/bratusek-formally-candidate-for-commissioner)

### Related:

1. [Former Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek withdraws her candidacy as Vice-President of the European Commission and as European Commissioner for Energy after having been rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/9/former-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-withdraws-her-candidacy-as-vice-president-of-the-european-commission-and-as-european-commis.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, European Commission Vice-President_
2. [With 13 votes for and 122 against, the European Parliament rejects former Slovenian Prime Minister Alenka Bratusek's candidacy for Vice-President of the European Commission and as Commissioner for the Energy Union. ](/news/2014/10/8/with-13-votes-for-and-122-against-the-european-parliament-rejects-former-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-s-candidacy-for-vice-pre.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, European Commission Vice-President_
3. [Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014. Miro Cerar secures an absolute majority of votes in parliament to become new prime minister of Slovenia after receiving an endorsement by the Pensioner's Party DeSUS, as well as by the outgoing PM Alenka Bratusek and her Alliance. ](/news/2014/08/13/slovenian-parliamentary-election-2014-miro-cerar-secures-an-absolute-majority-of-votes-in-parliament-to-become-new-prime-minister-of-slove.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Miro Cerar_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-wit.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exch.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
6. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:. European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-sayi.md) _Context: Jean-Claude Juncker_
7. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: European Commission Vice-President_
8. [European migrant crisis. Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-p.md) _Context: Miro Cerar_
9. [Violeta Bulc is nominated as Slovenia's new candidate for EU commissioner after the former prime minister Alenka Bratusek was rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/10/violeta-bulc-is-nominated-as-slovenia-s-new-candidate-for-eu-commissioner-after-the-former-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-was-rejected-by-t.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek_
10. [Slovenian MEPs of the European People's Party announce that they will vote against the new line-up of the European Commission on 22 October unless former PM Alenka Bratusek is replaced as Slovenia's commissioner. ](/news/2014/09/20/slovenian-meps-of-the-european-people-s-party-announce-that-they-will-vote-against-the-new-line-up-of-the-european-commission-on-22-october.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek_
