### [2014-09-5](/news/2014/09/5/index.md)

# Somali Civil War:: The Pentagon confirms that leader of the terrorist group al-Shabaab Moktar Ali Zubeyr was killed in an airstrike on September 1. 

The Pentagon confirmed on Friday that Ahmed Abdi Godane, a leader of the al Shabaab Islamist group, was killed in a U.S. airstrike in Somalia this week, calling it a &quot;major symbolic and operational loss&quot; for the al Qaeda-affiliated militants.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/05/us-somalia-usa-islamist-idUSKBN0H01OO20140905)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: U.S. military, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-cl.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Unknown gunmen storm a hotel in Bosaso, leaving at least four guards and two militants dead. It is unclear who carried out the attack. An official blames Al-Shabaab, though the group denies having any involvement. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-unknown-gunmen-storm-a-hotel-in-bosaso-leaving-at-least-four-guards-and-two-militants-dead-it-is-unclear.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Twenty-eight people are killed in a coordinated attack on the Dayah Hotel in central Mogadishu. The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/25/war-in-somalia-2009-present-twenty-eight-people-are-killed-in-a-coordinated-attack-on-the-dayah-hotel-in-central-mogadishu-the-terrori.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Fighting between militia and Al-Shabaab militants has left at least 26 people dead. ](/news/2016/11/28/war-in-somalia-2009-present-fighting-between-militia-and-al-shabaab-militants-has-left-at-least-26-people-dead.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
