### [2014-09-5](/news/2014/09/5/index.md)

# The Pentagon confirms that leader of the terrorist group al-Shabaab Moktar Ali Zubeyr was killed in an airstrike on September 1. 

The Pentagon confirmed on Friday that Ahmed Abdi Godane, a leader of the al Shabaab Islamist group, was killed in a U.S. airstrike in Somalia this week, calling it a &quot;major symbolic and operational loss&quot; for the al Qaeda-affiliated militants.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/05/us-somalia-usa-islamist-idUSKBN0H01OO20140905)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140905&t=2&i=970421316&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEA8411M)

### Related:

1. [According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned-and-unmanned-aircraft-strikes-tar.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab, U.S. military_
2. [Al-Shabaab militants attack a military base outside the Somalian capital Mogadishu, with 15 soldiers reported dead. ](/news/2017/09/29/al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-military-base-outside-the-somalian-capital-mogadishu-with-15-soldiers-reported-dead.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
3. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
4. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
5. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
6. [United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in-lower-shebelle-s-bariire-village-near-mogadish.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
7. [Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-people-dead-somal.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
8. [A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing-least-20-people.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
9. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
10. [A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-claims-responsibility-for-the-attac.md) _Context: Al-Shabaab_
