### [2007-09-3](/news/2007/09/3/index.md)

#  Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon arrives in Sudan to press for an end to violence in Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6975613.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon ;clams that the Sudanese government had broken a promise to allow a human rights mission into Darfur. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-clams-that-the-sudanese-government-had-broken-a-promise-to-allow-a-human-rights-mi.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Darfur, Secretary General, Sudan_
2. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viola.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
4. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
5. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
8. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-as-the-death-toll-from-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
