### [2010-07-2](/news/2010/07/2/index.md)

# American hotel heiress Paris Hilton is arrested in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, for allegedly smoking marijuana during the 2010 FIFA World Cup match between Brazil and the Netherlands. 

Paris Hilton has been arrested in South Africa for allegedly smoking marijuana during a World Cup match.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/celebritynews/7869412/Paris-Hilton-arrested-for-smoking-marijuana-during-Brazil-Holland-game.html)

### Related:

1. [Police apologize to American hotel heiress Paris Hilton after she was cleared of drug charges made against her while she was watching a 2010 FIFA World Cup match in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. ](/news/2010/07/3/police-apologize-to-american-hotel-heiress-paris-hilton-after-she-was-cleared-of-drug-charges-made-against-her-while-she-was-watching-a-2010.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Paris Hilton, Port Elizabeth, South Africa_
2. [Brazil and Zimbabwe play a football game in front of a sell-out crowd in Harare ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, the first time since independence that a non-African team has performed in the country. President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai both attend and civil servants are given time off work. ](/news/2010/06/2/brazil-and-zimbabwe-play-a-football-game-in-front-of-a-sell-out-crowd-in-harare-ahead-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-in-south-africa-the-first.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team, South Africa_
3. [Two Dutch women appear in a South African court over an alleged "ambush marketing" stunt after more than 30 people were ejected from the Johannesburg stadium on Monday during the match between Denmark and the Netherlands in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-dutch-women-appear-in-a-south-african-court-over-an-alleged-ambush-marketing-stunt-after-more-than-30-people-were-ejected-from-the-joh.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Netherlands football team, South Africa_
4. [The draw for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup is held at the Anhembi Convention Center in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Title holders Brazil will face Japan, Mexico, Italy in Group A while World Champions Spain will play Uruguay, Tahiti and the 2013 African Champion in Group B. ](/news/2012/12/1/the-draw-for-the-2013-fifa-confederations-cup-is-held-at-the-anhembi-convention-center-in-sapso-paulo-brazil-title-holders-brazil-will-face.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team_
5. [UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying:Qualification starts for UEFA Euro 2012 in European football, with wins for Germany and 2010 FIFA World Cup finalists Spain and the Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/3/uefa-euro-2012-qualifying-pqualification-starts-for-uefa-euro-2012-in-european-football-with-wins-for-germany-and-2010-fifa-world-cup-final.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Netherlands football team_
6. [Spain defeats the Netherlands by a score of one goal to nil in extra time of the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final to win the 2010 FIFA World Cup, with Andrs Iniesta scoring the winning goal. ](/news/2010/07/11/spain-defeats-the-netherlands-by-a-score-of-one-goal-to-nil-in-extra-time-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-final-to-win-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-w.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Netherlands football team_
7. [Rio de Janeiro's iconic ''Christ the Redeemer'' statue is unveiled after a PS2.7 million restoration, in a display of green and yellow honouring the Brazil national football team at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/07/1/rio-de-janeiro-s-iconic-christ-the-redeemer-statue-is-unveiled-after-a-aps2-7-million-restoration-in-a-display-of-green-and-yellow-honou.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team_
8. [Nelson Mandela's grandson says his grandfather plans to attend the 2010 FIFA World Cup opening ceremony in South Africa this week. ](/news/2010/06/9/nelson-mandela-s-grandson-says-his-grandfather-plans-to-attend-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-opening-ceremony-in-south-africa-this-week.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
9. [Goodluck Jonathan suspends the Nigeria national football team from international competition for two years due to poor performances in the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/30/goodluck-jonathan-suspends-the-nigeria-national-football-team-from-international-competition-for-two-years-due-to-poor-performances-in-the-2.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
10. [The managing director of the French Football Federation, Jean-Louis Valentin, quits after the France national football team participates in a public row with him and then a boycott during the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/20/the-managing-director-of-the-french-football-federation-jean-louis-valentin-quits-after-the-france-national-football-team-participates-in.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
