### [2010-07-2](/news/2010/07/2/index.md)

# Ian Paisley condemns the invitation for the Pope to visit Britain and calls child-abusing Catholic priests "Antichrists". 




### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/paisley-slams-pope-visit-20100702-zri8.html)

### Related:

1. [Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley dies, aged 88. ](/news/2014/09/12/former-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-democratic-unionist-party-leader-ian-paisley-dies-aged-88.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
2. [ First Minister of Northern Ireland Ian Paisley announces his intentions to stand down from the post in May 2008 and, at the same time, resign as leader of the DUP, a party he has led for almost 40 years. ](/news/2008/03/4/first-minister-of-northern-ireland-ian-paisley-announces-his-intentions-to-stand-down-from-the-post-in-may-2008-and-at-the-same-time-resi.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
3. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
4. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
5. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
6. [ Northern Ireland peace process: Retired Canadian general and present Chairman John de Chastelain of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning announces in a Belfast, Northern Ireland press conference that the weapons, ammunition, and explosives of the Provisional Irish Republican Army have been "put beyond use". "We are satisfied that the arms decommissioned represent the totality of the IRA's arsenal.", the general said. Unionists, such as Ian Paisley, have expressed cynicism. ](/news/2005/09/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-retired-canadian-general-and-present-chairman-john-de-chastelain-of-the-independent-international-commissio.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
7. [ Ulster Unionist Party defector Jeffrey Donaldson and two other MLAs join Rev. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party, pushing the DUP's numbers in the Northern Ireland Assembly to 33.](/news/2004/01/5/ulster-unionist-party-defector-jeffrey-donaldson-and-two-other-mlas-join-rev-ian-paisley-s-democratic-unionist-party-pushing-the-dup-s-nu.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
8. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Ian Paisley_
