### [2014-02-23](/news/2014/02/23/index.md)

# Taliban insurgency:. The Taliban attack an Afghan Armed Forces base in Kunar province, killing 19 soldiers and kidnapping seven. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/23/us-afghansitan-attack-idUSBREA1M04520140223?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan. According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
3. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction-releases-a-report-on-afghanistan-saying-that-the-afghan-armed-forces-are-not-c.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
4. [Taliban insurgency. The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
5. [Afghanistan-Pakistan relations. Taliban insurgency. Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts.- ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-pakistan-relations-taliban-insurgency-afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-tal.md) _Context: Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
6. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
7. [Taliban insurgency. Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. ](/news/2016/02/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-several-sangin-security-force-members-are-killed-by-taliban-suicide-attacks-using-captured-military-hu.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Battle of Kunduz. The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban insurgents seize the Darqad District in the northeast Takhar Province near the border with Tajikistan. At least six Afghan troops are killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-the-darqad-district-in-the-northeast-takhar-province-near-the-border-with-taji.md) _Context: Taliban, military personnel_
