### [2015-04-7](/news/2015/04/7/index.md)

# Kentucky U.S. Senator Rand Paul announces that he will seek the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidency in 2016. 

Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul kicked off his presidential campaign today, vowing to buck the &quot;Washington machine&quot; and expand the Republican Party to include young people and minorities.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2015/04/07/rand-paul-president-2016-announcement/25041783/)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
4. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016:: Republican front runner Donald Trump says he now has 1001 confirmed delegates for the Cleveland convention in June. ](/news/2016/04/29/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-front-runner-donald-trump-says-he-now-has-1001-confirmed-delegates-for-the-clevel.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
7. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
8. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-he.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: presidential primaries_
