### [2015-03-27](/news/2015/03/27/index.md)

# A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/03/27/middleeast/yemen-saudi-arabia-airstrikes/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt's, Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
2. [A suspected Saudi missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) clinic in Razih, located in Yemen's northern Saada Governorate, leaves at least five people dead and around a dozen injured. ](/news/2016/01/10/a-suspected-saudi-missile-strike-on-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-msf-clinic-in-razih-located-in-yemen-s-northern-saada-governorate-leave.md) _Context: Saada Governorate, Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
3. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Saudi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
4. [Russia convenes a UNSC session to discuss Saudi Arabian attacks in Yemen after Royal Saudi Air Force bombed a refugee camp, killing dozens. ](/news/2015/04/4/russia-convenes-a-unsc-session-to-discuss-saudi-arabian-attacks-in-yemen-after-royal-saudi-air-force-bombed-a-refugee-camp-killing-dozens.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
5. [Heavy Saudi Arabian air strikes hit southern Yemen resulting in at least 20 deaths of Houthis soldiers and two members of rival militias. Saudi Arabia claims to have killed 500 rebels since the start of military operations in March. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/us-yemen-security-airstrikes-idUSKBN0N207I20150411 (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/11/middleeast/yemen-crisis-saudi-arabia/ (CNN)] India evacuates 5600 people including 960 foreign nationals from Yemen under "Operation Raahat". Several flights were allowed to take off and land in Yemen despite the no-fly zone declared on the country. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/11/world/asia/india-concludes-evacuation-of-its-citizens-from-yemen.html?nytmobile=0 "(NYT)"]](/news/2015/04/11/heavy-saudi-arabian-air-strikes-hit-southern-yemen-resulting-in-at-least-20-deaths-of-houthis-soldiers-and-two-members-of-rival-militias-sa.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, no-fly zone_
6. [Pakistan sends a Boeing 747 to evacuate Pakistani nationals concerned about their security. The plane will be allowed into the country despite the no-fly zone declared by Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/03/29/pakistan-sends-a-boeing-747-to-evacuate-pakistani-nationals-concerned-about-their-security-the-plane-will-be-allowed-into-the-country-despi.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, attacks, no-fly zone_
7. [Saudi airstrikes continue in Yemen for the third successive day while ground fighting occurs in Aden. Saudi Arabia claims to be in full control of Yemen's airspace. ](/news/2015/03/28/saudi-airstrikes-continue-in-yemen-for-the-third-successive-day-while-ground-fighting-occurs-in-aden-saudi-arabia-claims-to-be-in-full-cont.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
8. [The Saudi Arabian Air Force launches airstrikes on Sana'a International Airport and Yemen's al Dulaimi military airport resulting in at least 17 deaths. ](/news/2015/03/26/the-saudi-arabian-air-force-launches-airstrikes-on-sana-a-international-airport-and-yemen-s-al-dulaimi-military-airport-resulting-in-at-leas.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, attacks_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt's, Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt's, Saudi Arabia_
