### [2015-03-27](/news/2015/03/27/index.md)

# War in Somalia: Militants believed to be from al-Shabab attack and temporarily occupy a Mogadishu hotel leaving at least nine people dead. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b0340e6250a74dec805196c70501b044/gunfire-blast-militants-attack-hotel-somali-capital)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia: Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-somalia-somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia: A car bomb at a Mogadishu restaurant near the Jilaow detention center kills four people and injures another five. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/10/1/war-in-somalia-a-car-bomb-at-a-mogadishu-restaurant-near-the-jilaow-detention-center-kills-four-people-and-injures-another-five-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia: A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/war-in-somalia-a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighte.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia: al-Shabab gunmen enter the Higher Education Ministry building in Mogadishu after a large explosion is reported. ](/news/2015/04/14/war-in-somalia-al-shabab-gunmen-enter-the-higher-education-ministry-building-in-mogadishu-after-a-large-explosion-is-reported.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
6. [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia: A car bomb explodes near a police station in Mogadishu, killing at least six people and wounding thirteen others. ](/news/2017/07/30/war-in-somalia-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-a-police-station-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-six-people-and-wounding-thirteen-others.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia_
8. [War in Somalia: Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-pe.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-cl.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
