### [2003-08-20](/news/2003/08/20/index.md)

#  Afghanistan: Afghan President Hamid Karzai's spokesman comments that the issue of Taliban crossing into Afghanistan from Pakistan will be discussed during Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri's visit to Kabul. Afghanistan claims Pakistani based Taliban have killed many Afghan soldiers.




### Related:

1. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, opens a national peace conference to discuss negotiating with the Taliban. A rocket lands near the venue of the conference in Kabul and a suicide bomber sets off explosives outside the conference. ](/news/2010/06/2/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-opens-a-national-peace-conference-to-discuss-negotiating-with-the-taliban-a-rocket-lands-near-t.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Kabul, Taliban_
2. [ The President of Pakistan General Pervez Musharraf pulls out of a meeting with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and tribal leaders in Kabul over fighting the Taliban. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-president-of-pakistan-general-pervez-musharraf-pulls-out-of-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-tribal-leaders.md) _Context: Hamid Karzai, Kabul, Taliban_
3. [ Afghanistan: Soldiers are killed in a remote region (near the town of Shkin) near the Pakistani border. Taliban reinforcements moved into mountainous region in southern Afghanistan where U.S. and Afghan forces have been attacking hideouts in a battle over the past week.](/news/2003/08/31/afghanistan-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-remote-region-near-the-town-of-shkin-near-the-pakistani-border-taliban-reinforcements-moved-into-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, soldier_
4. [At least 11 Afghan civilians are killed and 16 wounded when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar Province, east of Kabul. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-11-afghan-civilians-are-killed-and-16-wounded-when-a-nato-helicopter-attacked-a-house-where-taliban-insurgents-had-taken-shelter-in.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
5. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. The Taliban claims their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-the-taliban-cl.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
6. [At least 16 people were killed and 40 more wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliban-claimed-responsibility-for-the-atta.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
7. [Two successive suicide bombers on foot kill at least 24 people and injure 91 others, including senior security and police officials, after striking close to the Afghan Ministry of Defence in Kabul. The Taliban claims responsibility by disclosing the death of 58 officers and commanders. Another bombing took place not long after. ](/news/2016/09/5/two-successive-suicide-bombers-on-foot-kill-at-least-24-people-and-injure-91-others-including-senior-security-and-police-officials-after-s.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
8. [The Taliban claims responsibility for a truck bombing in a military complex in Kabul. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-truck-bombing-in-a-military-complex-in-kabul.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
9. [The death toll from yesterday's Taliban attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul rises to 64, with 347 others wounded, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-taliban-attack-on-the-national-directorate-of-security-in-kabul-rises-to-64-with-347-others-wounded-accord.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
10. [A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured. ](/news/2016/04/19/a-large-explosion-is-reported-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-a-week-after-the-taliban-declared-the-start-of-their-annual-spring-offensive-the.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
