### [2003-08-20](/news/2003/08/20/index.md)

#  Natural disaster: French undertakers state that 10,000 more French people died during the early August summer heatwave than the first two weeks of August in 2002. It had previously been suggested that the number was 3,000. President Jacques Chirac demands reports from cabinet ministers on the crisis, while in Italy the newspaper "La Repubblica" suggests that Italy had 2000 more deaths than normal due to the heatwave.




### Related:

1. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
2. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
3. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
4. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
5. [Residents are ordered to evacuate from the Australian city of Queanbeyan with Steve Whan, the New South Wales Minister for Emergency Services, declaring it a natural disaster area due to flooding. ](/news/2010/12/9/residents-are-ordered-to-evacuate-from-the-australian-city-of-queanbeyan-with-steve-whan-the-new-south-wales-minister-for-emergency-service.md) _Context: natural disaster_
6. [ Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. ](/news/2009/10/30/former-french-president-jacques-chirac-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
7. [ Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly "Nouvel Observateur", Spanish newspaper "El Pas", and Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel. ](/news/2009/08/28/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-launches-legal-action-against-french-weekly-nouvel-observateur-spanish-newspaper-el-pais-an.md) _Context: La Repubblica_
8. [ A rocket is launched from Kazakhstan carrying two British-built satellites designed to help monitor natural disasters. ](/news/2009/07/29/a-rocket-is-launched-from-kazakhstan-carrying-two-british-built-satellites-designed-to-help-monitor-natural-disasters.md) _Context: natural disaster_
9. [ South East Queensland, Australia, is declared a natural disaster zone, following flooding. ](/news/2009/05/20/south-east-queensland-australia-is-declared-a-natural-disaster-zone-following-flooding.md) _Context: natural disaster_
10. [ Former President of France Jacques Chirac is probed by a judge for alleged embezzlement of public funds when he was Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-probed-by-a-judge-for-alleged-embezzlement-of-public-funds-when-he-was-mayor-of-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
