### [2003-08-20](/news/2003/08/20/index.md)

#  Pauline Hanson, former leader of the Australian anti-immigration One Nation Party, is sentenced in Queensland to three years in prison for electoral fraud.




### Related:

1. [ In Australia's One Nation Party case, it has been revealed that Federal Cabinet Minister Tony Abbott controlled "slush funds" which were used to lay the groundwork for party leader Pauline Hanson's prosecution, and to guarantee a private lawsuit against the party. Liberal ranks split as Abbot's colleague Bronwyn Bishop joined many Labor MPs in calling for disclosure of his role in the case, and described Hanson as a "political prisoner". Remarkably, the nearly defunct One Nation Party's support surged to 21% on news of Hanson's imprisonment.](/news/2003/08/25/in-australia-s-one-nation-party-case-it-has-been-revealed-that-federal-cabinet-minister-tony-abbott-controlled-slush-funds-which-were-us.md) _Context: One Nation Party, Pauline Hanson_
2. [The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-the-australian-state-of-qu.md) _Context: Queensland_
3. [Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-the-coast-of-the-australi.md) _Context: Queensland_
4. [Another body has been found after flooding in eastern Queensland, raising the death toll to twelve. ](/news/2017/04/8/another-body-has-been-found-after-flooding-in-eastern-queensland-raising-the-death-toll-to-twelve.md) _Context: Queensland_
5. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Queensland_
6. [Consequences of heavy rain from Cyclone Debbie kill at least three people and force 20,000 others to leave their homes in New South Wales and Queensland. ](/news/2017/04/1/consequences-of-heavy-rain-from-cyclone-debbie-kill-at-least-three-people-and-force-20-000-others-to-leave-their-homes-in-new-south-wales-an.md) _Context: Queensland_
7. [Accounts of sightings of animals thought to resemble the extinct thylacine, the largest known carnivorous marsupial of modern times, prompt a search in the Far North of the Australian state of Queensland. ](/news/2017/03/28/accounts-of-sightings-of-animals-thought-to-resemble-the-extinct-thylacine-the-largest-known-carnivorous-marsupial-of-modern-times-prompt.md) _Context: Queensland_
8. [A Category 4 severe tropical cyclone travels over the Whitsunday Islands and crosses the coast of Queensland, Australia, near the town of Airlie Beach. ](/news/2017/03/28/a-category-4-severe-tropical-cyclone-travels-over-the-whitsunday-islands-and-crosses-the-coast-of-queensland-australia-near-the-town-of-ai.md) _Context: Queensland_
9. [More than 25,000 people are evacuated from the city of Mackay, Queensland, ahead of Cyclone Debbie which is expected to make landfall in northern Queensland tomorrow. The Australian Bureau of Meteorology warns that Cyclone Debbie will be the worst storm to hit Queensland since Cyclone Yasi in 2011. ](/news/2017/03/27/more-than-25-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-city-of-mackay-queensland-ahead-of-cyclone-debbie-which-is-expected-to-make-landfall-in-nor.md) _Context: Queensland_
10. [Princess Cristina of Spain is acquitted of fraud but her husband is convicted. ](/news/2017/02/17/princess-cristina-of-spain-is-acquitted-of-fraud-but-her-husband-is-convicted.md) _Context: fraud_
