### [2010-07-5](/news/2010/07/5/index.md)

# Bronislaw Komorowski has won the election having received 53.01% of the vote. Opponent Jaroslaw Kaczynski has 46.99% of the vote. 

Bronislaw Komorowski is declared the winner in a dramatic race for the Polish presidency, securing 53% of the vote.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10503555.stm)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/44536000/jpg/_44536487_breaking_splash_466x260.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Bronislaw Komorowski and Jaroslaw Kaczynski face each other on 4 July after Sunday's inconclusive vote in Polish presidential election, 2010. ](/news/2010/06/21/bronisaaw-komorowski-and-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-face-each-other-on-4-july-after-sunday-s-inconclusive-vote-in-polish-presidential-election-2.md) _Context: Bronislaw Komorowski, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Polish presidential election, 2010_
2. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: Bronislaw Komorowski, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Polish presidential election, 2010_
3. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appro.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski_
4. [Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-leader-of-the-ruling.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski_
5. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski_
6. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. ](/news/2015/05/24/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-between-president-bronisaaw-komorowski-and-challenger-andr.md) _Context: Bronislaw Komorowski_
7. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a presidential election with a second round of voting scheduled with Andrzej Duda of the Law and Justice Party challenging incumbent President Bronislaw Komorowski. ](/news/2015/05/10/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-a-second-round-of-voting-scheduled-with-andrzej-duda-of-the-law-and-justic.md) _Context: Bronislaw Komorowski_
8. [Bronislaw Komorowski is officially sworn in as President of Poland, following the death of President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash in April. ](/news/2010/08/6/bronisaaw-komorowski-is-officially-sworn-in-as-president-of-poland-following-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-in-ap.md) _Context: Bronislaw Komorowski_
9. [Polish voters head to the polls for the second round of presidential voting.Jaroslaw Kaczynski initially concedes defeat after exit polls show Bronislaw Komorowski winning, but later withdraws his concession as exit polls show the result narrowing. ](/news/2010/07/4/polish-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-presidential-voting-jaroslaw-kaczynski-initially-concedes-defeat-after-exit-polls-sh.md) _Context: Polish presidential election, 2010_
10. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Polish presidential election, 2010_
