### [2010-07-5](/news/2010/07/5/index.md)

# Iran accuses Germany, United Arab Emirates and United Kingdom of refusing to provide fuel to its passenger planes. 

Iran accuses the UK, Germany and the UAE of refusing to refuel its passenger jets, days after tough new US sanctions.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/10511420.stm)
2. [Swissinfo](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/news/international/Iran_says_planes_denied_fuel_in_Germany,_UK,_UAE.html?cid=15416650)
3. [The National UAE](http://www.thenational.ae/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20100705/FOREIGN/707059976/1010)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: German, Iran, UAE, United Kingdom_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
3. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
4. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
5. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
6. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
7. [ China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States propose a set of incentives and possible sanctions in an effort to encourage Iran to suspend or abandon its plans of nuclear development. ](/news/2006/06/2/china-france-germany-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-propose-a-set-of-incentives-and-possible-sanctions-in-an-effort-to.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
8. [ China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States agree on a package of incentives and sanctions for Iran. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/06/01/us.iran/index.html (CNN)].](/news/2006/06/1/china-france-germany-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-package-of-incentives-and-sanctions-for-iran-http-w.md) _Context: German, Iran, United Kingdom_
9. [ Three British prisoners are freed in Iran after pressure from the British Foreign Office. The trio were seized at by Iranian Navy patrol boats on 28 October, when they sailed their boat to the disputed island of Abu Musa, which is claimed by both Iran and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2005/11/11/three-british-prisoners-are-freed-in-iran-after-pressure-from-the-british-foreign-office-the-trio-were-seized-at-by-iranian-navy-patrol-bo.md) _Context: Iran, UAE, United Kingdom_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, UAE_
