### [2010-07-5](/news/2010/07/5/index.md)

# Local government elections in Mexico. The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/latin_america/10502444.stm)

### Related:

1. [Mexican general election, 2000. Vicente Fox is elected president of Mexico, as candidate of the rightist National Action Party, ending 71 years of Institutional Revolutionary Party rule.](/news/2000/07/2/mexican-general-election-2000-vicente-fox-is-elected-president-of-mexico-as-candidate-of-the-rightist-national-action-party-ending-71-ye.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [Mexican legislative election, 2015. Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
3. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping. A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-in.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
4. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
5. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
6. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]. Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.. Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
7. [ Bombs explode at Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal, an opposition party's headquarters and a bank in the capital. ](/news/2006/11/6/bombs-explode-at-mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-an-opposition-party-s-headquarters-and-a-bank-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
8. [ Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. ](/news/2006/09/5/felipe-calderon-of-the-pan-is-declared-the-winner-of-mexico-s-2-july-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
9. [ Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/28/mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-rules-unanimously-that-results-in-contested-polling-stations-only-marginally-affected-the-lead-of-felip.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
10. [ In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him loscing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. ](/news/2006/07/6/in-mexico-s-presidential-election-prd-candidate-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-says-he-will-file-a-legal-challenge-against-the-results-of-the.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
