### [2010-07-5](/news/2010/07/5/index.md)

# Tar balls from the Gulf oil disaster reach Louisiana's Lake Pontchartrain and the shores of Texas near Galveston, on day 77 of the disaster. 

Laboratory tests showed that the tar balls came from the BP Macondo well that blew out April 20, killing 11 crew members on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig and spewing millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf, said Coast Guard Cpt. Landry’s has lost millions in sales and suffered from higher seafood pricing since the spill occurred, he said, adding that the company is reviewing possible claims against BP. Officials said tar balls are common along the Texas coast because of natural seepage from the Gulf or from small oil spills. The dozen tar balls found in the surf Saturday ranged from the size of a dime to a golf ball, said Richard Arnhart, oil spill response regional director for the Texas General Land Office. A Gilchrist resident reported the tar balls Saturday, and the General Land Office received multiple reports Sunday, said Wesley McDaniel, Land Office oil response officer. Officials were investigating whether the tar balls were from oil that clung to the hull of a ship passing through the BP oil slick or were from ballast water taken on by a ship in the oil slick zone and later dumped in Texas waters, Woodring said.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/us_and_canada/10511167.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/US/07/05/gulf.oil.disaster/index.html?hpt=T2&fbid=4I1tbJn2BPy)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/texas-tar-balls-confirm-spread-of-oil-spill-to-all-gulf-states/story-e6frg6so-1225888441033)
4. [The Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/metropolitan/7094982.html)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/06/us/06wildlife.html?hp)
6. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/greenhouse/post/2010/07/bps-gulf-oil-spill-tab-exceeds-3-billion/1)

### Related:

1. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Louisiana, Texas_
2. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The death toll since last Friday is now 38, according to local officials in Texas. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-death-toll-sin.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
3. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
4. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
5. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
6. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
7. [ Hurricane Humberto makes landfall on the southeast Texas coast near the Louisiana border. ](/news/2007/09/13/hurricane-humberto-makes-landfall-on-the-southeast-texas-coast-near-the-louisiana-border.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
8. [ Hurricane Rita makes landfall as a Category 3 hurricane on the Texas - Louisiana border at 2:38 a.m. CDT . The storm was downgraded within four hours to Category 2. As of 10 p.m. CDT (0300 UTC, September 25), the center of Tropical Depression Rita was located on land 40 miles (65 km) north of Shreveport, Louisiana. Rita was moving north at 10 mph (16 km/h) with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph (55 km/h) ([http://www.cnn.com/2005/WEATHER/09/24/rita/ CNN])](/news/2005/09/24/hurricane-rita-makes-landfall-as-a-category-3-hurricane-on-the-texas-louisiana-border-at-2-38-a-m-cdt-the-storm-was-downgraded-within.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
9. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Texas_
