### [2010-07-5](/news/2010/07/5/index.md)

# United Kingdom - Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg announces that a referendum on introducing the alternative vote system for national elections will be held on 5 May 2011. 

The deputy prime minister confirms plans for fewer MPs, a voting referendum and fixed-term parliaments.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/politics/10516429.stm)

### Related:

1. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Nick Clegg, UK_
2. [British electionsVoters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a referendum on whether to use the alternative vote electoral system for the House of Commons. ](/news/2011/05/5/british-electionspvoters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-use-the-alternative-vote-electoral-system-for.md) _Context: UK, alternative voting_
3. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: UK, alternative voting_
4. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
5. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
6. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
7. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: UK_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: UK_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: UK_
