### [2010-07-14](/news/2010/07/14/index.md)

# A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. 

Group of more than 30 reporters to demand compensation from Israeli government.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/2010714181331317479.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Spain, Turkey_
2. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Turkey, United States_
3. [Turkey-s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt-s President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egypt-s-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkey, United States_
4. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Spain, Turkey_
5. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Britain, Israel, Spain, United States_
6. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey, United States_
7. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran-s nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey, United States_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkey, United States_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Lebanon_
10. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, United States_
