### [2010-07-14](/news/2010/07/14/index.md)

# The United States discusses the arrest of Bradley Manning, accused of providing secret information about US military corruption to Wikileaks. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10596057)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
2. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
3. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
4. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
5. [Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2013/04/8/wikileaks-announces-the-release-of-1-7-million-united-states-diplomatic-and-intelligence-documents-from-1973a1976-when-henry-kissinger-was.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
6. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
7. [Ecuador expels the United States ambassador over Wikileaks diplomatic cables alleging corruption within the Ecuadorian police force. ](/news/2011/04/6/ecuador-expels-the-united-states-ambassador-over-wikileaks-diplomatic-cables-alleging-corruption-within-the-ecuadorian-police-force.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
8. [''The Daily Telegraph'' publishes WikiLeaks cables stating that the United States provided Russia with the United Kingdom's serial numbers of every Trident missile, which are manufactured and maintained in the U.S. and supplied to Britain, in return for the Russians signing the ''New START'' treaty. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-daily-telegraph-publishes-wikileaks-cables-stating-that-the-united-states-provided-russia-with-the-united-kingdom-s-serial-numbers-o.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
9. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
10. [The Federal Government of Australia is helping the United States investigate Australians involved with the WikiLeaks website according to Julian Assange, who requests that Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Attorney-General Robert McClelland reveal every detail of assistance to foreign governments. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-federal-government-of-australia-is-helping-the-united-states-investigate-australians-involved-with-the-wikileaks-website-according-to-ju.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
