### [2010-07-14](/news/2010/07/14/index.md)

# The United Nations, European Union and United States express their opposition to the demolition of six more Palestinian homes by Israel. 

Israeli bulldozing of Palestinian property comes week after US pushes peace talks.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/2010713232211445287.html)

### Related:

1. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations, United States_
2. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations, United States_
3. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: EU, United Nations, United States_
4. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations, United States_
5. [The United States, European Union and United Nations pledge additional resources to the African Union's AMISOM peacekeeping force in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-united-states-european-union-and-united-nations-pledge-additional-resources-to-the-african-union-s-amisom-peacekeeping-force-in-somalia.md) _Context: EU, United Nations, United States_
6. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations, United States_
7. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran's nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United States_
8. [Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s-hamas-rulers-say-this-is-propaga.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations, United States_
9. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: EU, United Nations, United States_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations, United States_
