### [2007-10-31](/news/2007/10/31/index.md)

#  Police question Prince Harry over an alleged shooting of endangered hen harriers at the Royal Family's Sandringham House estate.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/sinai-insurgency-a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of.md) _Context: police_
2. [Thai authorities remove all 137 tigers from the Tiger Temple in Kanchanaburi Province. The remains of 30 more tiger cubs, in addition to the 40 carcasses found earlier, were discovered Thursday. Five men have been charged with possession of endangered animal parts without permission. ](/news/2016/06/4/thai-authorities-remove-all-137-tigers-from-the-tiger-temple-in-kanchanaburi-province-the-remains-of-30-more-tiger-cubs-in-addition-to-the.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
3. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
4. [2015 Southeast Asian haze: Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/2015-southeast-asian-haze-scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-abo.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
5. [Nola, a 41-year-old female northern white rhino, dies at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park. She was euthanized after her health took a turn for the worse. Nola was rescued from violent poaching in the southern savanna woodlands of Sudan and came to the park in 1989. Only three animals of this endangered species are known left in the world. ](/news/2015/11/22/nola-a-41-year-old-female-northern-white-rhino-dies-at-the-san-diego-zoo-safari-park-she-was-euthanized-after-her-health-took-a-turn-for.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
6. [Hundreds of endangered species from Madagascar are found in a South African airport. ](/news/2014/02/1/hundreds-of-endangered-species-from-madagascar-are-found-in-a-south-african-airport.md) _Context: endangered animal parts_
7. [Prince Harry and his "Walking with the Wounded" team reach the South Pole after three weeks trekking in the Antarctic. ](/news/2013/12/13/prince-harry-and-his-walking-with-the-wounded-team-reach-the-south-pole-after-three-weeks-trekking-in-the-antarctic.md) _Context: Prince Harry_
8. [Prince Harry arrives in Sydney, Australia, to celebrate 100 years of the Royal Australian Navy. ](/news/2013/10/5/prince-harry-arrives-in-sydney-australia-to-celebrate-100-years-of-the-royal-australian-navy.md) _Context: Prince Harry_
9. [A shooting occurs in Manchester, Illinois, United States, leaving 5 dead and another injured. The suspect is then killed in a gunfight with police. ](/news/2013/04/24/a-shooting-occurs-in-manchester-illinois-united-states-leaving-5-dead-and-another-injured-the-suspect-is-then-killed-in-a-gunfight-with.md) _Context: police_
10. [Around 30 migrant workers, mainly from Bangladesh, are injured in a shooting by at least one farm supervisor on a strawberry farm in Greece after requesting salaries that had yet to be paid to them. The farm's owner, and at least one of the supervisors, are arrested. ](/news/2013/04/18/around-30-migrant-workers-mainly-from-bangladesh-are-injured-in-a-shooting-by-at-least-one-farm-supervisor-on-a-strawberry-farm-in-greece.md) _Context: shooting_
