### [2006-10-28](/news/2006/10/28/index.md)

#  General Henry Obering, the head of the Pentagon's Missile Defense Agency welcomes what he cast as epochal progress toward putting a high-energy laser aboard a modified Boeing 747 to attack ballistic missiles that could be fired by North Korea and Iran. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200610/s1775995.htm)

### Related:

1. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
2. [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication "The Intercept." The program, which started in 2004, was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md) _Context: North Korea, United States military_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
4. [Iran, North Korea and Syria block adoption of a United Nations treaty that would regulate the international arms trade, a proposal which required agreement by all 193 UN member states. ](/news/2013/03/29/iran-north-korea-and-syria-block-adoption-of-a-united-nations-treaty-that-would-regulate-the-international-arms-trade-a-proposal-which-req.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
5. [A United Nations report alleges that Iran and North Korea have been secretly exchanging ballistic missile technology. ](/news/2011/05/15/a-united-nations-report-alleges-that-iran-and-north-korea-have-been-secretly-exchanging-ballistic-missile-technology.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
6. [A United Nations report suggests North Korea has supplied Burma, Iran and Syria with nuclear technology, in violation of United Nations sanctions. China had previously blocked the report from reaching the UN Security Council. ](/news/2010/11/9/a-united-nations-report-suggests-north-korea-has-supplied-burma-iran-and-syria-with-nuclear-technology-in-violation-of-united-nations-sanc.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
7. [Fidel Castro delivers a short speech to the Cuban Parliament to warn about the risk of a nuclear war between the United States and Iran, accusing Barack Obama of provoking conflict with Iran and North Korea and urging him to prevent such a conflict. ](/news/2010/08/7/fidel-castro-delivers-a-short-speech-to-the-cuban-parliament-to-warn-about-the-risk-of-a-nuclear-war-between-the-united-states-and-iran-acc.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
8. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Iran, United States military_
9. [North Korea:. A leaked United Nations report states that North Korea is exporting nuclear technology to Burma, Iran and Syria. ](/news/2010/05/28/north-korea-a-leaked-united-nations-report-states-that-north-korea-is-exporting-nuclear-technology-to-burma-iran-and-syria.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
10. [The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) asks China to pressure Israel to have its nuclear sites inspected during the forthcoming international nuclear conference, saying "world silence on the issue of the Israeli nuclear capabilities is creating tension in the region, especially with the relentless international focus on Iran and North Korea". ](/news/2010/04/11/the-democratic-front-for-the-liberation-of-palestine-dflp-asks-china-to-pressure-israel-to-have-its-nuclear-sites-inspected-during-the-for.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
