### [2006-10-28](/news/2006/10/28/index.md)

#  German newspaper Bild publishes photos allegedly showing Bundeswehr troops posing with human remains in Afghanistan while on peacekeeping duties there. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/tv/videoChannel.aspx?storyid=1de5a35466ce059aac74dc0610e1e3e595822761)

### Related:

1. [German troops kill at least five Afghan soldiers in a friendly fire incident north of the capital Kabul. ](/news/2010/04/3/german-troops-kill-at-least-five-afghan-soldiers-in-a-friendly-fire-incident-north-of-the-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany, military's_
2. [A report alleges that the German BND has been spying on journalists in Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/24/a-report-alleges-that-the-german-bnd-has-been-spying-on-journalists-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
3. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: Germany, military's_
4. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
5. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
7. [The Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel arrives in Afghanistan for an unannounced visit to Bundeswehr troops. ](/news/2012/03/12/the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-arrives-in-afghanistan-for-an-unannounced-visit-to-bundeswehr-troops.md) _Context: Afghanistan, military's_
8. [Germany offers compensation of EUR3,800 to each family of 91 of the 142 people it killed and 11 it injured in an air strike near Kunduz, an incident which provoked outrage and led to political and military resignations. The Bundeswehr does not admit guilt and families say they may sue. ](/news/2010/08/6/germany-offers-compensation-of-a-3-800-to-each-family-of-91-of-the-142-people-it-killed-and-11-it-injured-in-an-air-strike-near-kunduz-an.md) _Context: Germany, military's_
9. [Three German soldiers are killed in north Afghanistan, five other Germans were wounded in fighting southwest of Kunduz. 22 German soldiers have been killed by fighting or attacks in Afghanistan since 2001 and another 138 wounded. ](/news/2010/04/3/three-german-soldiers-are-killed-in-north-afghanistan-five-other-germans-were-wounded-in-fighting-southwest-of-kunduz-22-german-soldiers-h.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
10. [ Germany's Defence Minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg admits mistakes were made in a September 4 Afghan air raid which resulted in 142 deaths. ](/news/2009/11/6/germany-s-defence-minister-karl-theodor-zu-guttenberg-admits-mistakes-were-made-in-a-september-4-afghan-air-raid-which-resulted-in-142-deat.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
