### [2011-07-8](/news/2011/07/8/index.md)

# "News of the World":: Former editor of the "News of the World", Andy Coulson, is arrested for questioning due to alleged involvement in a phone hacking affair. 

Sky News Australia has the top stories in news online from Australia and the rest of the World.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14077405)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-14081387)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/News-Of-The-World-Andy-Coulson-Former-Editor-Arrested-By-Police-Investigating-Phone-Hacking/Article/201107216026496?lpos=UK_News_Right_Promo_Region_2&lid=ARTICLE_16026496_News_Of_The_World%3A_Andy_Coulson%2C_Former_Editor%2C_Arrested_By_Police_Investigating_Phone_Hacking)
4. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=635470&vId=)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/jul/07/andy-coulson-arrest-phone-hacking)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal:: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, phone hacking affair_
2. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal: The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World_
4. ["News of the World" phone hacking affair:: News International shuts down the British newspaper the "News of the World", as a result of a phone hacking affair, with the final edition coming out Sunday. ](/news/2011/07/7/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-news-international-shuts-down-the-british-newspaper-the-news-of-the-world-as-a-result-of-a-pho.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
5. ["News of the World" phone hacking affair:: British tabloid the "News of the World" faces fresh allegations linking it to hacking activities, this time after it emerges that the mobile phone of murdered 13-year-old schoolgirl Milly Dowler was interfered with and messages left by relatives were deleted. This gave relatives the false impression that Milly Dowler was still alive when she was not. ](/news/2011/07/5/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-british-tabloid-the-news-of-the-world-faces-fresh-allegations-linking-it-to-hacking-activities.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
6. [Britain's Trinity Mirror reviews its editorial guidelines in light of the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/26/britain-s-trinity-mirror-reviews-its-editorial-guidelines-in-light-of-the-news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
7. [News Corporation affair: News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affair-news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-u.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
8. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
9. [News International privacy breaches: Ten members of the British royal family including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are believed to be among the victims of the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/11/news-international-privacy-breaches-ten-members-of-the-british-royal-family-including-the-prince-of-wales-and-the-duchess-of-cornwall-are-b.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking affair_
10. [British prime minister David Cameron's communications chief Andy Coulson resigns after feeling pressure over coverage of the "News of the World" phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/01/21/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-communications-chief-andy-coulson-resigns-after-feeling-pressure-over-coverage-of-the-news-of-the-wo.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World_
