### [2011-07-8](/news/2011/07/8/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council discusses sending a peacekeeping force to the Republic of South Sudan when it becomes an independent nation tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle-east/new-un-force-in-south-sudan-will-have-7000-military-and-900-police/2011/07/08/gIQArEKA3H_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, peacekeepers_
2. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, peacekeepers_
3. [North Sudan dismisses calls by the United Nations Security Council to leave the disputed Abyei region on the border with South Sudan. ](/news/2011/06/4/north-sudan-dismisses-calls-by-the-united-nations-security-council-to-leave-the-disputed-abyei-region-on-the-border-with-south-sudan.md) _Context: South Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ The Sudanese parliament approves legislation for a referendum on the independence of South Sudan. ](/news/2009/12/29/the-sudanese-parliament-approves-legislation-for-a-referendum-on-the-independence-of-south-sudan.md) _Context: South Sudan, independent_
5. [ In Pristina, Kosovo, three bombs explode almost at the same time 9:30 PM. They explode near Kosovo's parliament building and EAR building; at the Commercial Bank near the OSCE building; and local United Nations peacekeeping headquarters. No injuries are reported. President Ibrahim Rugova and prime minister Bajram Kosumi state that the explosions were intended to "destabilize" the region prior to assessment of possibilities for future independence.  ](/news/2005/07/3/in-pristina-kosovo-three-bombs-explode-almost-at-the-same-time-9-30-pm-they-explode-near-kosovo-s-parliament-building-and-ear-building.md) _Context: independent, peacekeepers_
6. [ United Nations Security Council votes to send 750 more peacekeepers to Haiti for elections and extend the UN mandate to February 15 2006 ](/news/2005/06/22/united-nations-security-council-votes-to-send-750-more-peacekeepers-to-haiti-for-elections-and-extend-the-un-mandate-to-february-15-2006.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, peacekeepers_
7. [ United Nations Security Council votes to extend its peacekeeping mission in Haiti until June 24 ](/news/2005/05/31/united-nations-security-council-votes-to-extend-its-peacekeeping-mission-in-haiti-until-june-24.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, peacekeepers_
8. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: South Sudan_
