### [2005-03-18](/news/2005/03/18/index.md)

#  In Tel Aviv, 10,000 people rallied to support Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004 and support Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip now. 

Demonstrators march from Tel Aviv’s Rabin Square to Dizengoff Circle Saturday; hundreds of security personnel and volunteers to secure event


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/554053.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/554094.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3060422,00.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. ](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004_
3. [Two unguided rockets from Gaza land outside Jerusalem and two more land outside Tel-Aviv. Out of the 350 rockets fired since the start of Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome missile system has shot down over 200 rockets. ](/news/2012/11/17/two-unguided-rockets-from-gaza-land-outside-jerusalem-and-two-more-land-outside-tel-aviv-out-of-the-350-rockets-fired-since-the-start-of-op.md) _Context: Gaza, Tel Aviv_
4. [A Tel Aviv court sentences Israeli graphic designer Jonathan Pollak to three months imprisonment after convicting him of taking part in a "critical mass bicycle ride" demonstration highlighting the blockade of Gaza in January 2008. The Association for Civil Rights in Israel describes it as "an unusually harsh measurement" for a charge that normally does not see the perpetrator imprisoned. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-tel-aviv-court-sentences-israeli-graphic-designer-jonathan-pollak-to-three-months-imprisonment-after-convicting-him-of-taking-part-in-a-c.md) _Context: Gaza, Tel Aviv_
5. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is admitted to the intensive care unit of the Sheba Medical Center near Tel Aviv with a chest infection. ](/news/2006/11/4/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-admitted-to-the-intensive-care-unit-of-the-sheba-medical-center-near-tel-aviv-with-a-chest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Tel Aviv_
6. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Tel Aviv_
7. [ The prime minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is transferred to the Hadassah Ein Kerem hospital in Jerusalem after suffering a minor stroke. Meanwhile, some Palestinians have taken to the streets in Gaza to celebrate Sharon's health condition and the Kahane organisation has urged Jews to pray for his death. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3186378,00.html (Ynetnews)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/12/18/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-transferred-to-the-hadassah-ein-kerem-hospital-in-jerusalem-after-suffering-a-minor-stroke-me.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza_
8. [ Israeli troops forcibly remove Zionist Jews opposed to Ariel Sharon's unilateral disengagement plan one by one from their strongholds in the synagogues in the Israeli settlements on the Gaza Strip. Some of the protesters threw paint, rocks and acid at the soldiers. ](/news/2005/08/18/israeli-troops-forcibly-remove-zionist-jews-opposed-to-ariel-sharon-s-unilateral-disengagement-plan-one-by-one-from-their-strongholds-in-th.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza_
9. [ Tens of thousands of Israelis have converged on Tel Aviv to protest the proposed removal of Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/08/11/tens-of-thousands-of-israelis-have-converged-on-tel-aviv-to-protest-the-proposed-removal-of-israeli-settlements-from-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Tel Aviv_
10. [ Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. ](/news/2005/05/22/ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-was-heckled-and-booed-at-a-meeting-to-promote-the-planned-israeli-withdrawal-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza_
