### [2005-03-18](/news/2005/03/18/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. In Tel Aviv, 10,000 people rallied to support Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004 and support Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip now. 

Demonstrators march from Tel Aviv’s Rabin Square to Dizengoff Circle Saturday; hundreds of security personnel and volunteers to secure event


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/554053.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/554094.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3060422,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. The Israeli Air Force strikes targets in the Gaza Strip in response to ongoing rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2014/01/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-air-force-strikes-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-ongoing-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Israeli army finds a second tunnel laden with explosives dug from the Gaza Strip into Israel and proceeds to destroy it. ](/news/2013/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-army-finds-a-second-tunnel-laden-with-explosives-dug-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-and-proceeds.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Operation Pillar of Defense:. Two unguided rockets from Gaza land outside Jerusalem and two more land outside Tel-Aviv. Out of the 350 rockets fired since the start of Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome missile system has shot down over 200 rockets. ](/news/2012/11/17/operation-pillar-of-defense-two-unguided-rockets-from-gaza-land-outside-jerusalem-and-two-more-land-outside-tel-aviv-out-of-the-350-rocke.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Tel Aviv_
6. [A Tel Aviv court sentences Israeli graphic designer Jonathan Pollak to three months imprisonment after convicting him of taking part in a "critical mass bicycle ride" demonstration highlighting the blockade of Gaza in January 2008. The Association for Civil Rights in Israel describes it as "an unusually harsh measurement" for a charge that normally does not see the perpetrator imprisoned. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-tel-aviv-court-sentences-israeli-graphic-designer-jonathan-pollak-to-three-months-imprisonment-after-convicting-him-of-taking-part-in-a-c.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Tel Aviv_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overn.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict. An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is admitted to the intensive care unit of the Sheba Medical Center near Tel Aviv with a chest infection. ](/news/2006/11/4/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-admitted-to-the-intensive-care-unit-of-the-sheba-medical-center-near-tel-aviv-with-a-chest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Tel Aviv_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
