### [2015-05-16](/news/2015/05/16/index.md)

# The United States claims that senior ISIL commander Abu Sayyaf is killed in a United States special operations forces raid within what is officially Syrian territory. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/05/16/middleeast/syria-isis-us-raid/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: special forces_
2. [Battle of Mosul: The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: ISIL_
3. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: special forces_
4. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers: One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: special forces_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: The Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army captures Al-Bab from ISIL after months of fighting. ](/news/2017/02/24/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-the-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-captures-al-bab-from-isil-after-months-of-fighting.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The ISIL-affiliated Syrian opposition group Jaysh Khaled bin Waleed overwhelms Tahrir al-Sham and Southern Front militants, capturing the towns of Tasil and Saham al-Jawlan, along with two other villages and a hill in Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/20/syrian-civil-war-the-isil-affiliated-syrian-opposition-group-jaysh-khaled-bin-waleed-overwhelms-tahrir-al-sham-and-southern-front-militants.md) _Context: ISIL_
9. [Iraq-United States relations: The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [War in Afghanistan: November 2016 Kabul suicide bombing: At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/war-in-afghanistan-november-2016-kabul-suicide-bombing-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabu.md) _Context: ISIL_
