### [2015-02-23](/news/2015/02/23/index.md)

# War in Donbass. The Ukrainian Army says it cannot withdraw its heavy weapons from the front, as it is still under attack from rebel forces despite the ceasefire. 

Kiev accused pro-Russian rebels of opening fire with rockets and artillery at villages in southeastern Ukraine on Monday, all but burying a week-old European-brokered ceasefire deal.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-2965719/Putin-says-war-Russia-Ukraine-unlikely--TV.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/23/us-ukraine-crisis-idUSKBN0LR0L920150223?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/war-in-donbass-a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-leas.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass. Up to 75 British Armed Forces personnel will be sent as military advisors to the Ukrainian Army. ](/news/2015/02/24/war-in-donbass-up-to-75-british-armed-forces-personnel-will-be-sent-as-military-advisors-to-the-ukrainian-army.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass. Artillery shelling of Donetsk leaves at least one civilian dead while five Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in heavy fighting. ](/news/2015/02/2/war-in-donbass-artillery-shelling-of-donetsk-leaves-at-least-one-civilian-dead-while-five-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-heavy-fight.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass. During the ceasefire, fighting kills at least five Ukrainian Army soldiers with 22 injured. ](/news/2015/02/16/war-in-donbass-during-the-ceasefire-fighting-kills-at-least-five-ukrainian-army-soldiers-with-22-injured.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass. Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
6. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
7. [War in Donbass. A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass. Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-donbass-donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
9. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-streng.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
