### [2016-01-27](/news/2016/01/27/index.md)

# Amnesty International reports that at least 160 young Iranians are currently awaiting execution and 73 others have been put to death between 2005 and 2015, which including sentencing girls as young as 9 and boys as young as 15 to death. 




### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/iran-young-offenders-death-penalty_us_56a7fa6de4b08db608dc5b0d?)

### Related:

1. [Iranian human rights campaigner Emadeddin Baghi is sentenced to six years in jail after recording an interview for the BBC with reformist cleric Grand Ayatollah Hussein-Ali Montazeri. ](/news/2010/09/22/iranian-human-rights-campaigner-emadeddin-baghi-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-jail-after-recording-an-interview-for-the-bbc-with-reformist-cl.md) _Context: Human rights in Iran, Iran_
2. [ There is major outcry in Iran following the death of democracy activist Akbar Mohammadi in Evin Prison. Mohammadi was condemned to death for his role in the 1999 student protests at Tehran University. He had been on a hunger strike for more than a week, protesting the refusal by the Islamic Regime to allow him to seek proper medical treatment for life threatening injuries suffered as a result of torture. Reportedly he was beaten severely by prison guards the night of his death.](/news/2006/08/1/there-is-major-outcry-in-iran-following-the-death-of-democracy-activist-akbar-mohammadi-in-evin-prison-mohammadi-was-condemned-to-death-fo.md) _Context: Human rights in Iran, Iran_
3. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake struck northeast Iran near the city of Mashhad, kills 1 person and at that least four were injured. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-struck-northeast-iran-near-the-city-of-mashhad-kills-1-person-and-at-that-least-four-were-injured.md) _Context: Iran_
4. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Iran_
5. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Flash flooding caused by torrential rain leaves at least 17 people dead and 20 others missing in northwestern Iran, according to state television. ](/news/2017/04/15/flash-flooding-caused-by-torrential-rain-leaves-at-least-17-people-dead-and-20-others-missing-in-northwestern-iran-according-to-state-telev.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
