### [2016-01-27](/news/2016/01/27/index.md)

# Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/27/europe/france-justice-minister-christiane-taubira-resignation/)
2. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20160127-french-justice-minister-christiane-taubira-resigns/?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20160127_0919&ns_linkname=20160127_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)

### Related:

1. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
2. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [An Arabian camel gifted to President of France Francois Hollande for liberating Mali is killed and stewed by a family in Timbuktu, in whose care Hollande had left it. ](/news/2013/04/10/an-arabian-camel-gifted-to-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-for-liberating-mali-is-killed-and-stewed-by-a-family-in-timbuktu-in-whose.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Seven French tourists are kidnapped by gunmen near Waza National Park in northern Cameroon, near the border with Nigeria.  President of France Francois Hollande states that the Islamist group Boko Haram may be responsible. ](/news/2013/02/19/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pseven-french-tourists-are-kidnapped-by-gunmen-near-waza-national-park-in-northern-cameroon-near-the-border-with-n.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France_
8. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
9. [French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that  allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-about-paris-at-friday-s-conservative.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
10. [Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-this-leaves-the-selection.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
