### [2016-01-27](/news/2016/01/27/index.md)

# Human rights in Iran. Amnesty International reports that at least 160 young Iranians are currently awaiting execution and 73 others have been put to death between 2005 and 2015, which including sentencing girls as young as 9 and boys as young as 15 to death. 




### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/iran-young-offenders-death-penalty_us_56a7fa6de4b08db608dc5b0d?)

### Related:

1. [Iranian human rights campaigner Emadeddin Baghi is sentenced to six years in jail after recording an interview for the BBC with reformist cleric Grand Ayatollah Hussein-Ali Montazeri. ](/news/2010/09/22/iranian-human-rights-campaigner-emadeddin-baghi-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-jail-after-recording-an-interview-for-the-bbc-with-reformist-cl.md) _Context: Human rights in Iran, Iran_
2. [ There is major outcry in Iran following the death of democracy activist Akbar Mohammadi in Evin Prison. Mohammadi was condemned to death for his role in the 1999 student protests at Tehran University. He had been on a hunger strike for more than a week, protesting the refusal by the Islamic Regime to allow him to seek proper medical treatment for life threatening injuries suffered as a result of torture. Reportedly he was beaten severely by prison guards the night of his death.](/news/2006/08/1/there-is-major-outcry-in-iran-following-the-death-of-democracy-activist-akbar-mohammadi-in-evin-prison-mohammadi-was-condemned-to-death-fo.md) _Context: Human rights in Iran, Iran_
3. [Iran-Qatar relations. Qatar restores diplomatic ties with Iran. Tehran welcomes the move. ](/news/2017/08/24/iran-qatar-relations-qatar-restores-diplomatic-ties-with-iran-tehran-welcomes-the-move.md) _Context: Iran_
4. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Iran_
5. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Judicial system of Turkey. Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/judicial-system-of-turkey-turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terro.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Global warming. A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/global-warming-a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-prev.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike. Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Iran_
