### [2005-09-17](/news/2005/09/17/index.md)

#  Addressing the U.N. General Assembly, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects an offer from the European Union to halt its nuclear program: "The most far reaching step outside the requirements of the NPT ... in keeping with Iran's inalienable right to have access to a nuclear fuel cycle."




### Related:

1. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens to pull Iran out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if the United States and the EU 3 do not accept Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2006/05/7/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-threatens-to-pull-iran-out-of-the-nuclear-nonproliferation-treaty-if-the-united-states-and-the-eu-3-d.md) _Context: Iran's nuclear program, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects the country's once effective family planning program as an "ungodly Western import" and urges girls to marry at age of 16. ](/news/2010/11/21/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-rejects-the-country-s-once-effective-family-planning-program-as-an-ungodly-western-import-and-urges.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Lebanon is becoming a "satellite" of Iran after it hosts a controversial visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who again "predicts" Israel's destruction at a Hezbollah rally in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-lebanon-is-becoming-a-satellite-of-iran-after-it-hosts-a-controversial-visit-by-irania.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton exchange criticism of each other's countries nuclear policies at the opening of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty Review Conference at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. ](/news/2010/05/3/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-exchange-criticism-of-each-otheras-countries-nu.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty_
5. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says that rabbis are more critical of Zionism and the "Zionist regime" than he has been. He expresses hope that "God willing, with the force of God behind it, we shall soon experience a world without the United States and Zionism." ](/news/2006/09/25/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-that-rabbis-are-more-critical-of-zionism-and-the-zionist-regime-than-he-has-been-he-expresses.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: European Union, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad challenges George W. Bush to a live television debate. U.S. government officials decline and criticize the suggestion.](/news/2006/08/29/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-challenges-george-w-bush-to-a-live-television-debate-u-s-government-officials-decline-and-criticiz.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad writes to United States President George W. Bush. This marks the first time in 27 years that an Iranian President has written to a U.S. President. ](/news/2006/05/8/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-writes-to-united-states-president-george-w-bush-this-marks-the-first-time-in-27-years-that-an-irani.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [ Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki denies that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that he wanted Israel to be "wiped off the map", saying Ahmadinejad was misunderstood. ](/news/2006/02/20/iranian-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-denies-that-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-said-that-he-wanted-israel-to-be-wiped-off-t.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
