### [2005-09-17](/news/2005/09/17/index.md)

#  Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, threatens to "make every effort not to help" the upcoming Palestinian elections if Hamas takes part. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050917/wl_nm/mideast_sharon_dc)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Hamas, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [Palestinian rival factions Fatah and Hamas have announced reconciliation to form a unity government. They split up violently in 2007. ](/news/2014/04/23/palestinian-rival-factions-fatah-and-hamas-have-announced-reconciliation-to-form-a-unity-government-they-split-up-violently-in-2007.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [Islamist unrest in Egypt (2013-present):. An Egyptian court bans the Palestinian group Hamas and orders its offices in the country to be shut down and all dealings with the group suspended. The court also brands it as a terrorist organization. [http://www.dw.de/egypt-bans-hamas-labels-it-a-terrorist-organization/a-17472158 "(DW)"] [http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/egypt-court-outlaws-hamas-brands-muslim-brotherhood-offshoot-terrorists-1438816 "(International Business Times)"]](/news/2014/03/4/islamist-unrest-in-egypt-2013-present-an-egyptian-court-bans-the-palestinian-group-hamas-and-orders-its-offices-in-the-country-to-be-s.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [The Palestinian Islamic organization Hamas re-elects Khaled Meshaal as its leader. The group also passes a new law ordering gender segregation in Gaza's schools that will go into effect in September. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-palestinian-islamic-organization-hamas-re-elects-khaled-meshaal-as-its-leader-the-group-also-passes-a-new-law-ordering-gender-segregati.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
8. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
9. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is taken home from hospital still in a comatose state. ](/news/2010/11/12/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-taken-home-from-hospital-still-in-a-comatose-state.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
