### [2005-09-17](/news/2005/09/17/index.md)

#  In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])




### Related:

1. [ New Zealand's Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes. She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. ](/news/2005/10/1/new-zealand-s-labour-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-set-to-form-a-third-term-government-after-the-national-party-loses-a-seat-following-the.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Labour Party, New Zealand National Party, count of 'special' votes_
2. [ Ahead of New Zealand's September 17 general election, Leader of the Opposition Don Brash denies lying about knowing of an anti-Labour pamphlet released by the Exclusive Brethren. ](/news/2005/09/10/ahead-of-new-zealand-s-september-17-general-election-leader-of-the-opposition-don-brash-denies-lying-about-knowing-of-an-anti-labour-pamph.md) _Context: Don Brash, Labour Party, count of 'special' votes_
3. [Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-majority-of-members-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-to.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party, Prime Minister_
4. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party, Prime Minister_
5. [Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the-country-s-prime-minister-paula-bennett-is-elected-as.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party, Prime Minister_
6. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Prime Minister_
7. [ A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. ](/news/2008/11/8/a-coalition-consisting-of-the-national-party-act-and-united-future-wins-a-majority-of-seats-in-the-parliament-of-new-zealand-ending-nine.md) _Context: Labour Party, New Zealand National Party_
8. [ The Prime Minister of New Zealand Helen Clark calls an election for November 8. ](/news/2008/09/12/the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-helen-clark-calls-an-election-for-november-8.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Prime Minister_
9. [ Don Brash resigns as leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, saying ongoing speculation about his leadership is damaging to the party. ](/news/2006/11/23/don-brash-resigns-as-leader-of-the-opposition-new-zealand-national-party-saying-ongoing-speculation-about-his-leadership-is-damaging-to-th.md) _Context: Don Brash, New Zealand National Party_
10. [ Helen Clark announces the formation of a Labour-led Government in New Zealand. The Progressive Party is in coalition. New Zealand First and United Future support the government and are each given ministerial positions outside Cabinet. ](/news/2005/10/17/helen-clark-announces-the-formation-of-a-labour-led-government-in-new-zealand-the-progressive-party-is-in-coalition-new-zealand-first-and.md) _Context: Helen Clark, Labour Party_
