### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. 

US authorities say US and Iraqi forces rescued dozens of hostages from IS to prevent their &quot;imminent execution&quot; but a US soldier was killed.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/34607471)

### Related:

1. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Delta Force, ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
2. [A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-town-of-makhmur-erbil-governorate-by-a-rocket-fired-b.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
3. [American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/17/american-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-180-islamic-state-fighters-while-local-kurdish-forcesa-repel-an-assault-by-300-heavily-armed-militant.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
4. [ISIL confirms that U.S. forces killed its number two leader, Abu Mutaz al-Qurashi, in an airstrike near Mosul back in August. ](/news/2015/10/14/isil-confirms-that-u-s-forces-killed-its-number-two-leader-abu-mutaz-al-qurashi-in-an-airstrike-near-mosul-back-in-august.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
5. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
6. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
7. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
8. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
9. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
10. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
