### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. Human Rights Watch says unidentified armed men have been disabling boats carrying migrants and asylum seekers in the Aegean Sea traveling from Turkey toward the Greek islands. Witnesses have described eight incidents this month in which masked assailants intercepted and disabled the boats by damaging engines or fuel systems, and in the case of inflatable boats, attempting to puncture hulls. 

Armed men have boarded and attempted to disable boats carrying asylum seekers from Turkey to Greece, advocacy group Human Rights Watch said.


### Source:

1. [Human Rights Watch](http://www.hrw.org/news/2015/10/22/greece-attacks-boats-risk-migrant-lives)
2. [Hürriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/two-migrants-killed-16-missing-in-aegean-sea-for-two-days.aspx?pageID=238&nID=90229&NewsCatID=341)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/22/Report-Armed-attackers-disable-migrant-boats-in-Aegean-Sea/7931445524022/?spt=rln&or=4)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Human Rights Watch, Turkey_
2. [European migrant crisis. At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seas.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis. NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/european-migrant-crisis-nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-s.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
4. [European migrant crisis. A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-co.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
5. [European migrant crisis. Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency reports 11 migrants, including three children, drowned, and the Turkish coast guard rescued seven Syrians from a capsized boat headed to the Greek island of Samos. ](/news/2015/12/22/european-migrant-crisis-turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-11-migrants-including-three-children-drowned-and-the-turkish-coast-gua.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey, migrants_
6. [European migrant crisis. The Greek coast guard and the European Union border agency Frontex, in six separate operations, rescue a total of 383 migrants attempting to sail from Turkey to the eastern Greek islands. ](/news/2015/11/7/european-migrant-crisis-the-greek-coast-guard-and-the-european-union-border-agency-frontex-in-six-separate-operations-rescue-a-total-of-3.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey, eastern Greek islands_
7. [European migrant crisis. Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
8. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
10. [European migrant crisis. EU-Turkey relations. The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
