### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# Paul Ryan announces that he will run to succeed outgoing Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Boehner after receiving the support of a significant majority of members of the Republican Party. 

Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wisc., informed House Republicans late Thursday that he would run for speaker after initially saying he does not want the job.


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/paul-ryan-says-hell-run-house-speaker-n449631?cid=eml_nbn_20151022)

### Related:

1. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: John Boehner, Paul Ryan, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [ Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting-the-republican-party-nomination-in-2016.md) _Context: Paul Ryan, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives elects Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as the 62nd Speaker of the House replacing John Boehner of Ohio. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-elects-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-as-the-62nd-speaker-of-the-house-replacing-john-boehner-of-ohio.md) _Context: John Boehner, Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: John Boehner, Republican, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Paul Ryan, Republican_
6. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
7. [John Boehner schedules his resignation from the position of Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and from Congress for the end of October. ](/news/2015/09/25/john-boehner-schedules-his-resignation-from-the-position-of-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-from-congress-for-the.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
8. [The US Congress re-elects John Boehner to his third term as Speaker. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-us-congress-re-elects-john-boehner-to-his-third-term-as-speaker.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
9. [Republican Speaker John Boehner forcibly responds to attacks by previously-supportive conservative groups, due to their opposition to a bipartisan budget. ](/news/2013/12/12/republican-speaker-john-boehner-forcibly-responds-to-attacks-by-previously-supportive-conservative-groups-due-to-their-opposition-to-a-bipa.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
10. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Paul Ryan, Republican_
