### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. 

&quot;English votes for English laws&quot; at Westminster is set to become law after the government wins a Commons vote after an ill-tempered debate.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34599998)

### Related:

1. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: England, Labour Party, Scottish National Party, United Kingdom_
2. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons, Labour Party, United Kingdom_
3. [Eric Joyce, the Labour Member of Parliament for Falkirk, is arrested after an alleged brawl in a House of Commons of the United Kingdom bar. ](/news/2012/02/23/eric-joyce-the-labour-member-of-parliament-for-falkirk-is-arrested-after-an-alleged-brawl-in-a-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-bar.md) _Context: House of Commons, Labour Party, MP_
4. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Labour Party, MP, United Kingdom_
5. [ Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. ](/news/2009/05/18/twenty-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-demand-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-s-resignation-amid-at-the-2009-expenses-s.md) _Context: House of Commons, MP, United Kingdom_
6. [ British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. ](/news/2009/01/15/british-member-of-parliament-john-mcdonnell-hayes-and-harlington-is-suspended-after-manhandling-the-ceremonial-mace-during-house-of-commo.md) _Context: House of Commons, MP, United Kingdom_
7. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: House of Commons, MP, United Kingdom_
8. [ United Kingdom: Former actress and current Labour MP Glenda Jackson announces she intends to stand against Tony Blair in a leadership bid if he doesn't stand down in the near future. ](/news/2005/10/9/united-kingdom-former-actress-and-current-labour-mp-glenda-jackson-announces-she-intends-to-stand-against-tony-blair-in-a-leadership-bid-i.md) _Context: Labour Party, MP, United Kingdom_
9. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom_
