### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# The Associated Press reports that Kurds in Syria established a new administration in the Sunni-Arab town of Tal Abyad, which the Kurds wrestled from ISIS last June. 

At least 13 people including medical staff were killed when Russian warplanes struck a field hospital in northwestern Syria, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Wednesday. &quot;Thirteen people were killed in Russian air strikes on Tuesday on a field clinic in the town of Sarmin, including


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/russia-air-strike-field-hospital-kills-13-155302808.html)
2. [U.S. News and World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/10/21/syrian-kurds-form-new-administration-in-semi-autonomous-area)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control.  Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. ](/news/2016/03/17/kurdish-parties-in-northern-syria-declare-the-establishment-of-a-federal-system-in-areas-they-control-turkey-and-the-united-states-had-war.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town-of-tell-tamer-in-syria-s-northeast-al-hasakah-governorate-leaves-as-ma.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-including-kurdish-groups-such-as-ypg-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [At least 20 Syrian rebels and 27 ISIS fighters are killed in a battle in Mare', Syria, in northern Aleppo Governorate near the Turkish border. ](/news/2015/09/5/at-least-20-syrian-rebels-and-27-isis-fighters-are-killed-in-a-battle-in-mare-syria-in-northern-aleppo-governorate-near-the-turkish-borde.md) _Context: ISIS, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States aircraft bomb a Syrian regime convoy within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-syrian-regime-convoy-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria_
