### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama vetoes the $612 billion annual defense authorization bill because of the way it would sidestep budget limitations for the military and because it would restrict the transfer of detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay. This is the President's fifth veto since 2009. 

President Barack Obama vetoed a sweeping $612 billion defense policy bill on Thursday, returning the measure to the Republican-controlled Congress because of the way it uses money meant for war spending to avoid automatic budget cuts to military programs.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/22/us-usa-fiscal-defense-idUSKCN0SG2LF20151022)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/president-to-use-veto-for-only-fifth-time-to-reject-defense-authorization-bill/2015/10/22/58a455a6-78d4-11e5-bc80-9091021aeb69_story.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp  in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-stat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Guantanamo Bay detention camp, president_
3. [United States President Barack Obama orders an assessment of whether intelligence reports from U.S. Central Command were changed by supervisory military personnel before formal submission to present a more optimistic picture of the American military campaign against Daesh (Islamic State). The Pentagon's Office of the Inspector General investigators seized emails from military servers over the last few weeks. ](/news/2015/11/22/united-states-president-barack-obama-orders-an-assessment-of-whether-intelligence-reports-from-u-s-central-command-were-changed-by-supervis.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
4. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces a new defense strategy, cutting spending dramatically. ](/news/2012/01/5/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-a-new-defense-strategy-cutting-spending-dramatically.md) _Context: Barack Obama, federal government budget, president_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama lifts a two year freeze on the Combatant Status Review Tribunal at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2011/03/7/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-lifts-a-two-year-freeze-on-the-combatant-status-review-tribunal-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detention.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Guantanamo Bay detention camp, president_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama puts forward a budget for 2012 proposing heavy spending cuts but still predicting substantial budget deficits. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-puts-forward-a-budget-for-2012-proposing-heavy-spending-cuts-but-still-predicting-substantia.md) _Context: Barack Obama, federal government budget, president_
8. [President Barack Obama makes a surprise visit to United States armed forces based in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/12/3/president-barack-obama-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-united-states-armed-forces-based-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will end the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy against homosexuals serving in the U.S. military. ](/news/2009/10/10/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-end-the-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-against-homosexuals-serving-in-the-u-s-milit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. military personnel, president_
