### [2015-10-22](/news/2015/10/22/index.md)

# West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. 

&quot;English votes for English laws&quot; at Westminster is set to become law after the government wins a Commons vote after an ill-tempered debate.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-34599998)

### Related:

1. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: Britain, England, Labour, Scottish National Party_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Labour_
3. [Eric Joyce, the Labour Member of Parliament for Falkirk, is arrested after an alleged brawl in a House of Commons of the United Kingdom bar. ](/news/2012/02/23/eric-joyce-the-labour-member-of-parliament-for-falkirk-is-arrested-after-an-alleged-brawl-in-a-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-bar.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Labour, MP_
4. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, MP_
5. [ Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8054657.stm (BBC)] [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5344495/Speaker-Michael-Martin-sorry-but-refuses-to-resign.html "(The Daily Telegraph)"]](/news/2009/05/18/twenty-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-demand-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-s-resignation-amid-at-the-2009-expenses-s.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP_
6. [ British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. ](/news/2009/01/15/british-member-of-parliament-john-mcdonnell-hayes-and-harlington-is-suspended-after-manhandling-the-ceremonial-mace-during-house-of-commo.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP_
7. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP_
8. [ United Kingdom: Former actress and current Labour MP Glenda Jackson announces she intends to stand against Tony Blair in a leadership bid if he doesn't stand down in the near future. ](/news/2005/10/9/united-kingdom-former-actress-and-current-labour-mp-glenda-jackson-announces-she-intends-to-stand-against-tony-blair-in-a-leadership-bid-i.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, MP_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Labour_
10. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
