### [2016-06-9](/news/2016/06/9/index.md)

# Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal ''Science'', that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly  faster than expected. 

Scientists and engineers working at a major power plant in Iceland have shown for the first time that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to a solid within months—radically faster than anyone had predicted. The finding may help address a fear that so far has plagued the idea of capturing and storing CO2 underground: that emissions could seep back into the air or even explode out. A study describing the method appears this week in the leading journal Science.


### Source:

1. [Phys.org](http://phys.org/news/2016-06-climate-mitigation-co2.html)
2. [Science](http://science.sciencemag.org/content/352/6291/1312)

### Related:

1. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal ''Science'', the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-d.md) _Context: Science_
2. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded  on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between.md) _Context: Iceland_
3. [Iceland's incumbent, centre-right Independence Party surprised pollsters by winning 29 percent of the vote (21 seats), thereby putting leader Bjarni Benediktsson in position to organize another coalition government.  The Progressive Party, the current ruling partner,  garnered 11.5% and eight positions, a loss of  11 seats. The new Pirate Party didn't perform as predicted with 14.5% of the ballots, though it did get 10 seats, an increase of seven more positions in the 63-seat parliament (Althing). ](/news/2016/10/30/icelandas-incumbent-centre-right-independence-party-surprised-pollsters-by-winning-29-percent-of-the-vote-21-seats-thereby-putting-lea.md) _Context: Iceland_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
5. [Hunters discover a 1000-year-old sword in Iceland. ](/news/2016/09/7/hunters-discover-a-1000-year-old-sword-in-iceland.md) _Context: Iceland_
6. [Numerous tremors rock the Katla volcano in Iceland prompting the government to raise the alarm level. ](/news/2016/08/30/numerous-tremors-rock-the-katla-volcano-in-iceland-prompting-the-government-to-raise-the-alarm-level.md) _Context: Iceland_
7. [Voters in Iceland head to the polls to elect a new president with a historic low voter turnout expected. Independent candidate Gudni Th. Johannesson claims victory. ](/news/2016/06/25/voters-in-iceland-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-with-a-historic-low-voter-turnout-expected-independent-candidate-guadegni-th-ja.md) _Context: Iceland_
8. [The United States Air Force sends 12  F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further-russian-aggression-in-e.md) _Context: Iceland_
9. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal ''Science'', has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe  appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ide.md) _Context: Science_
10. [''Science'' publishes a series of papers on biodiversity in the deep sea, including tens of thousands of single-celled organisms most of which had not been previously identified. ](/news/2015/05/22/science-publishes-a-series-of-papers-on-biodiversity-in-the-deep-sea-including-tens-of-thousands-of-single-celled-organisms-most-of-whi.md) _Context: Science_
