### [2016-06-9](/news/2016/06/9/index.md)

# The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules there is no Second Amendment protection for concealed weapons, upholding a California law that does not consider "general self-defense" sufficient for a license. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/06/09/politics/concealed-carry-second-amendment/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturns California's Proposition 8 banning gay marriage in that state. ](/news/2012/02/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-overturns-california-s-proposition-8-banning-gay-marriage-in-that-state.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
2. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit refuses to allow same-sex marriages to resume in the US state of California while it considers the constitutionality of Proposition 8. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-refuses-to-allow-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-us-state-of-california-while-i.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [Same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California, due to resume on Wednesday, is blocked by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals until it is decided whether a ban is constitutional. ](/news/2010/08/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-state-of-california-due-to-resume-on-wednesday-is-blocked-by-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-until-it-is.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [Raytheon. Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [Sanctuary cities. California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California_
6. [Renewable energy in Australia. South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: California_
7. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780. A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [Monkey selfie. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: California_
10. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: California_
