### [2016-06-9](/news/2016/06/9/index.md)

# Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/venezuela-opposition-leader-hit-pipe-face-39727293)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders,  just  days before  Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursday-s-scheduled-nat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatur.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
8. [President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro orders clocks in the country to move forward by a half hour from UTC[?]04:30 to UTC[?]04:00 in order to save electricity as Venezuela faces an increasing electricity shortage. While gaining a half hour of sunlight, this means Venezuelans will now lose a half hour of sleep. ](/news/2016/05/2/president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-orders-clocks-in-the-country-to-move-forward-by-a-half-hour-from-utca04-30-to-utca04-00-in-order.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
10. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and-the-jailing-of-their-owners-amid-a-nat.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
