### [2016-06-9](/news/2016/06/9/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab says it has killed at least 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on a AMISOM base in central Somalia. 

Somali Islamist militant group al-Shabab says it has killed 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on an African Union base in Somalia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-36487435)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: AMISOM, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): An al-Shabaab suicide car bomb kills at least 20 people in the town of Galkayo in Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. ](/news/2016/08/21/war-in-somalia-2009-present-an-al-shabaab-suicide-car-bomb-kills-at-least-20-people-in-the-town-of-galkayo-in-somalia-s-semi-autonomous.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): In a raid by Somali forces near Kismayo, at least 16 Al-Shabaab militants are killed, including the mastermind of the Garissa University College attack. ](/news/2016/06/2/war-in-somalia-2009-present-in-a-raid-by-somali-forces-near-kismayo-at-least-16-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-including-the-masterm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-clai.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
8. [War in Somalia: War on Terror: The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/war-in-somalia-war-on-terror-the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-milit.md) _Context: AMISOM, Somalia, al-Shabaab militants_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): AMISOM soldiers kill four Somali civilians in the town of Bulla Marer, southwest of Mogadishu. The AU Mission said scared soldiers opened fire when the car the civilians were driving failed to stop at a roadblock. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-somalia-2009-present-amisom-soldiers-kill-four-somali-civilians-in-the-town-of-bulla-marer-southwest-of-mogadishu-the-au-missi.md) _Context: AMISOM, Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): At least five people are killed and seven are wounded following a car bomb attack near a government building in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-five-people-are-killed-and-seven-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-near-a-government-buildin.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), al-Shabaab militants_
