### [2007-10-1](/news/2007/10/1/index.md)

#  President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces he will run on centrist list in the parliamentary elections in December and that he does not exclude the option of becoming Prime Minister of Russia after the election. [http://www.softonlinesoft.net/vb/showthread.php?t=765]




### Related:

1. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party wins 62.8% of the votes in Russia's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2007/12/2/russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-united-russia-party-wins-62-8-of-the-votes-in-russia-s-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United Russia, Vladimir Putin, parliamentary elections_
2. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Tens of thousands rally at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium in support of the Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's candidacy for President of Russia in the upcoming election on March 4th. ](/news/2012/02/23/tens-of-thousands-rally-at-moscow-s-luzhniki-stadium-in-support-of-the-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-candidacy-for-president-of-russia-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [At the United Russia Congress, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accepts President Dmitry Medvedev's proposal to run in the 2012 Russian presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/24/at-the-united-russia-congress-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-accepts-president-dmitry-medvedev-s-proposal-to-run-in-the-2012-russian-preside.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, United Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Russian voters go to the polls to decide the country's next president. Dmitry Medvedev of the United Russia wins the election and is expected to succeed Vladimir Putin as the President of Russia. ](/news/2008/03/2/russian-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-decide-the-country-s-next-president-dmitry-medvedev-of-the-united-russia-wins-the-election-and-is-expect.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [ President of Russia Vladimir Putin agrees to become Prime Minister after his term as president ends. ](/news/2007/12/17/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-agrees-to-become-prime-minister-after-his-term-as-president-ends.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin said that an overwhelming victory for United Russia in the legislative elections would give him the "moral right" to maintain a strong influence in the country. ](/news/2007/11/13/russian-president-vladimir-putin-said-that-an-overwhelming-victory-for-united-russia-in-the-legislative-elections-would-give-him-the-moral.md) _Context: United Russia, Vladimir Putin, parliamentary elections_
10. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
