### [2007-10-1](/news/2007/10/1/index.md)

#  Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2007: With 70 percent counted, Yulia Tymoshenko's bloc and Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine party had 48 percent of the vote. Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych's party and his Communist and Socialist allies had 36.8 percent. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=ar.A4lkZ3B_E&refer=home)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine suspends the decision of the Electoral Commission to declare Viktor Yanukovych the winner of the Ukrainian presidential election until the court has decided on the complaints brought by the other candidate, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. ](/news/2010/02/17/the-supreme-administrative-court-of-ukraine-suspends-the-decision-of-the-electoral-commission-to-declare-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-of-the.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovych, Yulia Tymoshenko_
2. [ Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". ](/news/2008/10/2/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-may-face-impeachment-on-charges-of-undermining-national-security-and-illegal-arms-trade-with-georgi.md) _Context: Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
3. [ Ukraine's ruling coalition is formally dissolved after parties supporting Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, in alliance with the Party of Regions, pushed legislation limiting the powers of President Viktor Yushchenko resulting in his party's withdrawal from the coalition. Tymoshenko's party is expected to form an alliance with the Party of Regions or new elections will be held. ](/news/2008/09/16/ukraine-s-ruling-coalition-is-formally-dissolved-after-parties-supporting-prime-minister-yulia-tymoshenko-in-alliance-with-the-party-of-re.md) _Context: Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
4. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [ Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko signs a decree delaying the 2007 parliamentary election from May 27 to June 24. ](/news/2007/04/25/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-signs-a-decree-delaying-the-2007-parliamentary-election-from-may-27-to-june-24.md) _Context: Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2007, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [ President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko dissolves the parliament during a nationally televised speech, calling for  parliamentary elections on 27 May 2007. ](/news/2007/04/2/president-of-ukraine-viktor-yushchenko-dissolves-the-parliament-during-a-nationally-televised-speech-calling-for-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2007, Viktor Yushchenko_
7. [ Preliminary results of the 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election give former Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his pro-Russian Party of Regions a narrow lead over the Yulia Tymoshenko Electoral Bloc, with President Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine Bloc trailing in third place. ](/news/2006/03/27/preliminary-results-of-the-2006-ukrainian-parliamentary-election-give-former-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-his-pro-russian-party-of.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
8. [ Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko fires Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and most of his cabinet amid accusations of graft and serious infighting. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050908/wl_nm/ukraine_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/ukraine-president-viktor-yushchenko-fires-prime-minister-yulia-tymoshenko-and-most-of-his-cabinet-amid-accusations-of-graft-and-serious-inf.md) _Context: Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
9. [ Yulia Tymoshenko is appointed Prime Minister of Ukraine as one of President Viktor Yushchenko's first official acts, before a state visit in Moscow.  Her post still requires ratification by the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament. ](/news/2005/01/24/yulia-tymoshenko-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-ukraine-as-one-of-president-viktor-yushchenko-s-first-official-acts-before-a-state-visit-i.md) _Context: Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
10. [ In Ukraine, the Supreme Court dismisses prime minister Viktor Yanukovych's appeal and confirms that Viktor Yushchenko has won the presidential election. ](/news/2005/01/20/in-ukraine-the-supreme-court-dismisses-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-s-appeal-and-confirms-that-viktor-yushchenko-has-won-the-president.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
