### [2006-11-22](/news/2006/11/22/index.md)

#  According to UK Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett, British troops stationed in the Iraqi city of Basra could hand over control to local authorities as early as next spring. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-2466201,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Margaret Beckett, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen  from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-servic.md) _Context: Basra_
4. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
6. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [Voting also gets underway in the South Shields by-election to fill the parliamentary seat vacated by former Foreign Secretary David Miliband. ](/news/2013/05/2/voting-also-gets-underway-in-the-south-shields-by-election-to-fill-the-parliamentary-seat-vacated-by-former-foreign-secretary-david-miliband.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
8. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):A car bombing near a bus station in Garmat Ali near the Iraqi city of Basra kills at least 10 people. ](/news/2013/03/17/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-pa-car-bombing-near-a-bus-station-in-garmat-ali-near-the-iraqi-city-of-basra-kills-at-least-10-peopl.md) _Context: Basra_
10. [The United Kingdom announces its intention to close its consulate in Basra, Iraq. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-united-kingdom-announces-its-intention-to-close-its-consulate-in-basra-iraq.md) _Context: Basra_
