### [2006-11-22](/news/2006/11/22/index.md)

#  United States district judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana Eldon Fallon rules that over seven thousand federal lawsuits against pharmaceutical company Merck claiming that its drug Vioxx caused heart problems could not be combined into one class action suit. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/sns-ap-vioxx-trials,0,7821948.story?track=rss)

### Related:

1. [ A United States federal judge overturns a jury's recent $50 million award against Merck on behalf of a Vioxx user, on the ground that the award was excessive. ](/news/2006/08/30/a-united-states-federal-judge-overturns-a-jury-s-recent-50-million-award-against-merck-on-behalf-of-a-vioxx-user-on-the-ground-that-the-a.md) _Context: Merck & Co., United States federal judge_
2. [ Merck & Co. loses the first wrongful death lawsuit over its painkiller Vioxx, with a jury awarding $253 Million in damages. There have been over 4000 cases filed against Merck over this drug. ](/news/2005/08/19/merck-co-loses-the-first-wrongful-death-lawsuit-over-its-painkiller-vioxx-with-a-jury-awarding-253-million-in-damages-there-have-been.md) _Context: Merck & Co., Vioxx_
3. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
4. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
5. [A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: class action_
6. [United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government. ](/news/2017/02/3/united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal-challenge-by-the-government.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
7. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
8. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connection.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
9. [The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-mil.md) _Context: class action_
10. [Dow Chemical agrees to pay $835 million to settle a decade-long, price-fixing, class-action dispute. Dow states that the uncertainty about the U.S. Supreme Court makeup following Justice Antonin Scalia's death means there is an "increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits." The urethane chemicals case, from 2005, was against a number of companies; Dow had been the only defendant not to settle. ](/news/2016/02/26/dow-chemical-agrees-to-pay-835-million-to-settle-a-decade-long-price-fixing-class-action-dispute-dow-states-that-the-uncertainty-about-t.md) _Context: class action_
