### [2016-03-26](/news/2016/03/26/index.md)

# Chile confirms its first case of sexually transmitted  Zika virus. The case involves a 46-year-old woman whose partner was infected while in Haiti. 

Chile has confirmed its first case of the Zika virus having been sexually transmitted, the health ministry said in a statement on its website on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-zika-chile-idUSKCN0WT00Q)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2016/03/26/Women-shouldnt-attempt-conception-for-2-months-after-Zika-exposure-CDC/7911459026299/?spt=hs&or=hn)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
2. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
3. [Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic-of-cholera-in-recent-history-f.md) _Context: Haiti, Zika virus_
4. [Some Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball players, who are scheduled to play a two-game series the end of May in San Juan, Puerto Rico, to honor Pirates Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente, are concerned about being exposed to the Zika virus. About 400 cases have been confirmed in the Commonwealth. ](/news/2016/04/21/some-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-baseball-players-who-are-scheduled-to-play-a-two-game-series-the-end-of-may-in-san-juan-puerto-r.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
5. [  Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year-old-havana-woman-wh.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
6. [The Polynesian state of Tonga declares a Zika virus epidemic with two confirmed cases and 265 suspected cases. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-polynesian-state-of-tonga-declares-a-zika-virus-epidemic-with-two-confirmed-cases-and-265-suspected-cases.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
7. [The first case of the Zika virus has been diagnosed in South Africa. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-has-been-diagnosed-in-south-africa.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
8. [Pope Francis indicates that contraceptives could be allowed, as  the "lesser of two evils" vis-a-vis the sin of abortion, in addressing the life-threatening problem the Zika virus presents. He noted that Pope Paul VI, "in a difficult situation in Africa, permitted nuns to use contraceptives in cases of rape". ](/news/2016/02/18/pope-francis-indicates-that-contraceptives-could-be-allowed-as-the-lesser-of-two-evils-vis-a-vis-the-sin-of-abortion-in-addressing-the.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
9. [Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
10. [A bus driver in the Haitian city of Gonaives ploughs into crowds of people celebrating Rara while speeding away from an earlier accident which left one person dead, killing at least 38 people, including a group of street musicians, and injures 17 others. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-bus-driver-in-the-haitian-city-of-gonaa-ves-ploughs-into-crowds-of-people-celebrating-rara-while-speeding-away-from-an-earlier-accident-wh.md) _Context: Haiti_
