### [2016-03-26](/news/2016/03/26/index.md)

# Reuters reports, based on an unnamed "person familiar with the situation," that Microsoft executives are lining up financing for a possible acquisition of troubled dotcom pioneer Yahoo. 

Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) executives are in early talks with potential Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) investors about contributing to financing to buy the troubled Internet company, a person familiar with the situation said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-microsoft-yahoo-idUSKCN0WS067)

### Related:

1. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including  Yahoo Japan Corp.,  next week. Google, Time Inc., and  private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
3. [PRISM (U.S. government surveillance program):The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/prism-u-s-government-surveillance-program-pthe-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
4. [ Microsoft withdraws its bid for Yahoo! after the two companies fail to reach agreement on a price. ](/news/2008/05/3/microsoft-withdraws-its-bid-for-yahoo-after-the-two-companies-fail-to-reach-agreement-on-a-price.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
5. [AOL Time Warner announces that they have been issued a patent for instant messaging.  AOL says that they have no plans to enforce the patent, but it could cause problems for the purveyors of other instant messaging systems, in particular Microsoft and Yahoo!.](/news/2002/12/19/aol-time-warner-announces-that-they-have-been-issued-a-patent-for-instant-messaging-aol-says-that-they-have-no-plans-to-enforce-the-patent.md) _Context: Microsoft, Yahoo!_
6. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Yahoo! shareholders officially approve its $4.48 billion sale to Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! stock was up 8.5 percent shortly thereafter. ](/news/2017/06/8/yahoo-shareholders-officially-approve-its-4-48-billion-sale-to-verizon-wireless-yahoo-stock-was-up-8-5-percent-shortly-thereafter.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
9. [Verizon Communications agrees to buy the core business at Yahoo Inc. for $4.48 billion. Completion of this July 2016 deal had been delayed because of two data breaches Yahoo disclosed last year. ](/news/2017/02/21/verizon-communications-agrees-to-buy-the-core-business-at-yahoo-inc-for-4-48-billion-completion-of-this-july-2016-deal-had-been-delayed-b.md) _Context: Yahoo!_
10. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
