### [2016-03-26](/news/2016/03/26/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. 

Syrian government forces backed by Russian air strikes seize several neighbourhoods in Palmyra, state TV says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35903375)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (March 2016), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): The Syrian Army takes full control of Palmyra after heavy fighting with ISIL forces, according to a Syrian military source. ](/news/2016/03/27/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-the-syrian-army-takes-full-control-of-palmyra-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil-forces-accor.md) _Context: Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (March 2016), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): The Syrian Army and allies make major advances near Palmyra against ISIL as the group start pulling out its equipment from the town. ](/news/2016/03/25/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-the-syrian-army-and-allies-make-major-advances-near-palmyra-against-isil-as-the-group-star.md) _Context: Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (March 2016), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War:: About 100 soldiers, guards and employees are killed as insurgents belonging to the Islamic State (ISIS) seize control of the Shaer gas field in Palmyra, central Syria. The United Kingdom-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 115 people were killed in total. ](/news/2014/07/18/syrian-civil-war-about-100-soldiers-guards-and-employees-are-killed-as-insurgents-belonging-to-the-islamic-state-isis-seize-control-of.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
