### [2016-03-26](/news/2016/03/26/index.md)

# Voters in the U.S. states of Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington gather for Democratic Party caucuses. 

Bernie Sanders pushed for a trifecta of wins in Saturday&#8217;s Democratic presidential caucuses in Hawaii, Alaska and Washington state, hoping to stoke a spring comeback against the commanding front-runner, Hillary Clinton.


### Source:

1. [U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/us/articles/2016-03-26/the-latest-bustling-caucus-sites-in-washington-state)
2. [Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/mar/26/bernie-sanders-seeks-caucus-trifecta-win-close-del/)
2. [Cover Image](http://media.washtimes.com.s3.amazonaws.com/media/image/2016/03/26/DEM_2016_Sanders.JPEG-0d770.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-presidential-caucus.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-head-to-the-polls-for-republican-and-democrat.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [Hillary Clinton releases the book "What Happened", a memoir about her most recent presidential campaign. Clinton has implied that she may not run again in 2020. ](/news/2017/09/12/hillary-clinton-releases-the-book-what-happened-a-memoir-about-her-most-recent-presidential-campaign-clinton-has-implied-that-she-may-no.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
