### [2014-11-26](/news/2014/11/26/index.md)

# An Egyptian court sentences 78 teenage boys to between 2 and 5 years in jail for participating in rallies calling for the return of ousted President Mohammed Mursi. 

Since the army ousted president Mohammed Mursi, the government has launched a bloody crackdown against his supporters.


### Source:

1. [AFP, Reuters vis ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/egypt-jails-78-teenage-boys-for-taking-part-in-protests-20141126-11urpy.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/1/1/u/s/h/4/image.related.articleLeadwide.620x349.11urpy.png/1479806120784.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is acquitted of involvement in the deaths of hundreds of anti-government protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2017/03/2/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-acquitted-of-involvement-in-the-deaths-of-hundreds-of-anti-government-protesters-during-the-2011.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
2. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
3. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
4. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
7. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
8. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
9. [Cairo's criminal court orders the release of the sons of former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak, who are waiting for the Court of Appeal's decision in a financial corruption case. Each was sentenced to three years. The court ruled Gamal and Alaa Mubarak, who were initially detained in April 2011, had already served the requisite time in prison for the sentence. ](/news/2015/10/12/cairo-s-criminal-court-orders-the-release-of-the-sons-of-former-egyptian-leader-hosni-mubarak-who-are-waiting-for-the-court-of-appeal-s-dec.md) _Context: criminal court_
10. [Egypt's new Cabinet is sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a week after the previous administration resigned following a corruption scandal, and a month before parliamentary elections. The 33-member body has 16 new ministers, including two women. Sherif Ismail, petroleum minister in the last cabinet, is the new prime minister. ](/news/2015/09/19/egyptas-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-before-president-abdel-fattah-al-sisi-a-week-after-the-previous-administration-resigned-following-a-corru.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
