### [2014-11-26](/news/2014/11/26/index.md)

# Mexico's Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) founder Cuauhtmoc Crdenas resigns amid internal political crisis resulting from the disappearance of the 43 students in September. 




### Source:

1. [El País](http://internacional.elpais.com/internacional/2014/11/26/actualidad/1416961698_473802.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping: After two years on the run, Mexican officials arrest the former police chief of a Mexican city, Felipe Flores, capturing him in Iguala in the southern state of Guerrero. The city is where 43 students disappeared in September 2014. The police arrested the students and then handed them over to a drug cartel who killed them and incinerated their bodies. ](/news/2016/10/21/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-after-two-years-on-the-run-mexican-officials-arrest-the-former-police-chief-of-a-mexican-city-felipe-flores.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
2. [Mexican authorities arrest an alleged hitman for the Guerreros Unidos drug cartel, Felipe Rodriguez, in connection to the September 26, 2014 death of 43 college students. ](/news/2015/01/16/mexican-authorities-arrest-an-alleged-hitman-for-the-guerreros-unidos-drug-cartel-felipe-rodriguez-in-connection-to-the-september-26-2014.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
3. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping: Forensic specialists at the University of Innsbruck confirm the identity of the first of the 43 missing students in Guerrero. The remains were located at a municipal dump in Cocula, Guerrero. ](/news/2014/12/6/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-forensic-specialists-at-the-university-of-innsbruck-confirm-the-identity-of-the-first-of-the-43-missing-student.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
4. [Parents of Mexico's missing students say authorities found 6 bags containing unidentified corpses; investigations are underway to determine if they are of the missing students. Three people confess their involvement in the massacre. ](/news/2014/11/7/parents-of-mexico-s-missing-students-say-authorities-found-6-bags-containing-unidentified-corpses-investigations-are-underway-to-determine.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
5. [Mexican Federal Police arrest a mayor and his wife, the alleged masterminds of the kidnapping of 43 students in Iguala, Guerrero. ](/news/2014/11/4/mexican-federal-police-arrest-a-mayor-and-his-wife-the-alleged-masterminds-of-the-kidnapping-of-43-students-in-iguala-guerrero.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
6. [Thousands of protestors gather in Mexico City for a national rally in memory of the 43 missing students. Demonstrators have also called for a nationwide strike. ](/news/2014/11/20/thousands-of-protestors-gather-in-mexico-city-for-a-national-rally-in-memory-of-the-43-missing-students-demonstrators-have-also-called-for.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
7. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping: Protesters attack the State Congress building in Mexico's Guerrero state setting alight five vehicles. ](/news/2014/11/12/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-protesters-attack-the-state-congress-building-in-mexico-s-guerrero-state-setting-alight-five-vehicles.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
8. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping: A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-in.md) _Context: 2014 Iguala mass kidnapping_
9. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Party of the Democratic Revolution_
10. [Mexico's presidential runner-up and PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, files a lawsuit against Enrique Pena Nieto for alleged vote-buyings, biased media coverage, and manipulated opinion polls in the recent Mexican elections. ](/news/2012/07/13/mexico-s-presidential-runner-up-and-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-files-a-lawsuit-against-enrique-pea-a-nieto-for-alleged-vo.md) _Context: Party of the Democratic Revolution_
