### [2011-08-19](/news/2011/08/19/index.md)

# A Chinese scientist is reported missing on Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region's Muztagh Ata glacier after conducting research on the Tibetan Plateau. 




### Source:

1. [Bernama](http://www.bernama.com.my/bernama/v5/newsindex.php?id=609157)
2. [The People's Daily](http://english.peopledaily.com.cn/90882/7574513.html)

### Related:

1. [Scientists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences successfully teleport a photon from a ground station in Tibet to a satellite orbiting Earth at distance of 500km away. It is the first time an object has been teleported from the planet into space. ](/news/2017/07/11/scientists-at-the-chinese-academy-of-sciences-successfully-teleport-a-photon-from-a-ground-station-in-tibet-to-a-satellite-orbiting-earth-at.md) _Context: Chinese Academy of Sciences_
2. [Li Jinbin becomes Communist Party Secretary (top official) of Anhui, succeeding Wang Xuejun.Chen Quanguo becomes Communist Party Secretary of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, succeeding Zhang Chunxian, who will take on another office.Li Jiheng becomes Communist Party Secretary of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, succeeding Wang Jun. ](/news/2016/08/29/li-jinbin-becomes-communist-party-secretary-top-official-of-anhui-succeeding-wang-xuejun-chen-quanguo-becomes-communist-party-secretary-o.md) _Context: Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region_
3. [Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world's glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones -- like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. -- are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-worldas-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-smaller-ones-a-like-the-alpine-i.md) _Context: glacier_
4. [Scientists at the Salk Institute and the Chinese Academy of Sciences studying Werner's syndrome, which is characterized by the appearance of premature aging, report that aging causes an overall decline in the synthesis of proteins that are themselves involved in protein synthesis. ](/news/2015/05/1/scientists-at-the-salk-institute-and-the-chinese-academy-of-sciences-studying-werner-s-syndrome-which-is-characterized-by-the-appearance-of.md) _Context: Chinese Academy of Sciences_
5. [An explosion occurs in the city of Urumqi, the capital of China's far-western Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, resulting in at least 31 deaths and 91 injuries. ](/news/2014/05/22/an-explosion-occurs-in-the-city-of-ara1-4mqi-the-capital-of-china-s-far-western-xinjiang-uyghur-autonomous-region-resulting-in-at-least-31.md) _Context: Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region_
6. [Rain-triggered floods killed four people and left two others missing Sunday in northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region's in Atush city. ](/news/2010/09/19/rain-triggered-floods-killed-four-people-and-left-two-others-missing-sunday-in-northwest-china-s-xinjiang-uyghur-autonomous-region-s-in-atus.md) _Context: Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region_
7. [In a major transfer of power in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China, Zhang Chunxian replaces Wang Lequan as the region's Party Committee Secretary; Wang has served in the post since 1994. ](/news/2010/04/23/in-a-major-transfer-of-power-in-the-xinjiang-uyghur-autonomous-region-of-china-zhang-chunxian-replaces-wang-lequan-as-the-region-s-party-co.md) _Context: Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region_
8. [A huge glacier breaks off and plunges into a lake in Peru sparking a 23-metre high tsunami wave that destroyed a nearby town. The massive chunk of ice - around the size of four football pitches - tumbled into the '513 lake' in the Andes near Carhuaz, around 200 miles north of Lima. ](/news/2010/04/13/a-huge-glacier-breaks-off-and-plunges-into-a-lake-in-peru-sparking-a-23-metre-high-tsunami-wave-that-destroyed-a-nearby-town-the-massive-ch.md) _Context: glacier_
9. [ A British-Ugandan team reports a substantial reduction in glacial cover atop the Rwenzori Mountains in Central Africa, attributable to increases in air temperature over the past four decades. This "Mountains of the Moon", according to 2nd Century geographer Ptolemy, is one of the sources of the Nile, and is projected in the study to disappear in two decades. ](/news/2006/05/16/a-british-ugandan-team-reports-a-substantial-reduction-in-glacial-cover-atop-the-rwenzori-mountains-in-central-africa-attributable-to-incr.md) _Context: glacier_
10. [ According to World Wildlife Fund, melting glaciers in the Himalayas could lead first to floods in China, India and Nepal and then long droughts. ](/news/2005/03/14/according-to-world-wildlife-fund-melting-glaciers-in-the-himalayas-could-lead-first-to-floods-in-china-india-and-nepal-and-then-long-drou.md) _Context: glacier_
