### [2008-04-4](/news/2008/04/4/index.md)

#  Former commander of the rebel Kosovo Liberation Army during the 1998-99 war Ramush Haradinaj is acquitted of war crimes charges by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. (AP via "The International Herald Tribune")




### Related:

1. [ Ramush Haradinaj, the former Prime Minister of Kosovo, goes on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia at The Hague for war crimes allegedly committed while he was a regional leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army. ](/news/2007/03/5/ramush-haradinaj-the-former-prime-minister-of-kosovo-goes-on-trial-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-at-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
2. [ Ramush Haradinaj, the former prime minister of Kosovo, flies to International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague to answer for charges for his role as a former commander of Kosovo Liberation Army in 1998-1999. He goes there voluntarily. ](/news/2005/03/9/ramush-haradinaj-the-former-prime-minister-of-kosovo-flies-to-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
3. [A UN war crimes tribunal acquits former Kosovan Prime Minister and former commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army Ramush Haradinaj of war crimes, prompting Serbia to denounce the court. ](/news/2012/11/29/a-un-war-crimes-tribunal-acquits-former-kosovan-prime-minister-and-former-commander-of-the-kosovo-liberation-army-ramush-haradinaj-of-war-cr.md) _Context: Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
4. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague orders the retrial of former Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj after stating his first trial was marred by witness intimidation. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-orders-the-retrial-of-former-kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ramush Haradinaj_
5. [ Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj reports that he has been charged with war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and resigns. He will travel to The Hague of his own volition, although he maintains his innocence. ](/news/2005/03/8/kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradinaj-reports-that-he-has-been-charged-with-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ramush Haradinaj_
6. [ Kosovo's parliament elects a former KLA commander, Ramush Haradinaj, who has been questioned twice by UN war crimes investigators. ](/news/2004/12/3/kosovo-s-parliament-elects-a-former-kla-commander-ramush-haradinaj-who-has-been-questioned-twice-by-un-war-crimes-investigators.md) _Context: Kosovo Liberation Army, Ramush Haradinaj_
7. [A coalition led by the Democratic Party of Kosovo wins the most votes in yesterday's election and is in a good position to form a government led by former rebel leader and Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-coalition-led-by-the-democratic-party-of-kosovo-wins-the-most-votes-in-yesterday-s-election-and-is-in-a-good-position-to-form-a-government.md) _Context: Ramush Haradinaj_
8. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
9. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
10. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
