### [2008-04-4](/news/2008/04/4/index.md)

#  The United States Department of State renews the contract of Blackwater Worldwide to provide security in Iraq despite a number of ongoing investigations. 

Although it has been accused of tax fraud, improper use of force, arms trafficking and overbilling, the Blackwater firm will have its $1.2 billion contract for private security in Iraq renewed by the State Department, a spokesman confirmed Friday. The one-year extension, worth an estimated $240...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abcnews.go.com/Blotter/story?id=4592370&page=1)

### Related:

1. [American-led intervention in Syria: A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: Iraq, United States State Department_
2. [Blackwater Baghdad shootings: A court convicts four former employees of Blackwater Worldwide on charges related to the 2007 killing of 14 unarmed Iraqis by firing machine guns in a Baghdad traffic circle. ](/news/2014/10/22/blackwater-baghdad-shootings-a-court-convicts-four-former-employees-of-blackwater-worldwide-on-charges-related-to-the-2007-killing-of-14-un.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, Iraq_
3. [ The private military company Xe (formerly Blackwater Worldwide) ends its operations in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/05/7/the-private-military-company-xe-formerly-blackwater-worldwide-ends-its-operations-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, Iraq_
4. [ The U.S. State Department will not renew security contractor Blackwater Worldwide's license when it expires in May 2009. ](/news/2009/01/30/the-u-s-state-department-will-not-renew-security-contractor-blackwater-worldwide-s-license-when-it-expires-in-may-2009.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States State Department_
5. [ A U.S. State Department panel recommends that Blackwater Worldwide should be dropped as the main private security contractor for American diplomats in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/17/a-u-s-state-department-panel-recommends-that-blackwater-worldwide-should-be-dropped-as-the-main-private-security-contractor-for-american-d.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States State Department_
6. [ A United States Government report states that the Department of State is unable to account for much of the $1.2 billion in funding that it gave to DynCorp International to train Iraqi police. ](/news/2007/10/23/a-united-states-government-report-states-that-the-department-of-state-is-unable-to-account-for-much-of-the-1-2-billion-in-funding-that-it.md) _Context: Iraq, United States State Department_
7. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
8. [Deportation from the United States: U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
10. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq_
