### [2005-01-9](/news/2005/01/9/index.md)

#  Arab-Israeli conflict: A French officer, working for the United Nations, is killed by shelling in the disputed Shebaa Farms area of Southern Lebanon. Israeli planes and artillery had been firing on suspected Hezbollah positions in the area in retaliation for Hezbollah's attack which killed an Israeli officer. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4159279.stm)

### Related:

1. [Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near-the-lebanon-border-at-the-she.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Shebaa farms_
2. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: Israel hands over the bodies of three Hezbollah militants its Defence Forces killed earlier in the week to the Lebanese Government. ](/news/2005/11/25/arabaisraeli-conflict-israel-hands-over-the-bodies-of-three-hezbollah-militants-its-defence-forces-killed-earlier-in-the-week-to-the-leb.md) _Context: Arab-Israeli conflict, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [ Hezbollah shells Israeli positions with mortars and rockets in the disputed Shebaa farms, wounding five soldiers and killing one, The Israeli military shelled areas around several villages in southern Lebanon and planes launched missiles. Israel intends to file a complaint against Lebanon and UNIFIL for failing to prevent aggression by Hezbollah.](/news/2005/06/29/hezbollah-shells-israeli-positions-with-mortars-and-rockets-in-the-disputed-shebaa-farms-wounding-five-soldiers-and-killing-one-the-israe.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Shebaa farms_
4. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Shebaa farms_
5. [ In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/8/in-an-interview-with-the-financial-times-a-hezbollah-leader-announces-that-the-group-would-be-willing-to-discuss-potential-disarmament-aft.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Shebaa farms_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [Lebanese daily newspaper ''As-Safir'' ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falli.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
