### [2011-06-5](/news/2011/06/5/index.md)

# Hundreds of people in Vietnam take part in a rare demonstration against Chinese naval operations in disputed waters in the South China Sea. 

Hundreds of Vietnamese turn out in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to protest against Chinese naval operations in the disputed South China Sea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13661779)
2. [Philippine Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/12288/hundreds-of-vietnamese-protest-china)

### Related:

1. [China-United States relations. Spratly Islands dispute. China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-Vietnam relations. Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan-Vietnam relations. Japan has delivered two more ships to Vietnam that will be refurbished into patrol boats. The ships, which arrived in the port city of Da Nang, are the second delivery of a 2014 deal in which Tokyo is to provide Vietnam with six used fishing vessels that will be converted into patrol boats for Vietnam's coast guard in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/3/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-vietnam-relations-japan-has-delivered-two-more-ships-to-vietnam-that-will-be-refurbish.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-ad.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
5. [Vietnam says a Chinese vessel rammed into and sank one of its fishing boats near disputed islands in the South China Sea. More than 20 Vietnamese fishing boats have been attacked by Chinese vessels this year causing tensions between both countries. ](/news/2015/10/15/vietnam-says-a-chinese-vessel-rammed-into-and-sank-one-of-its-fishing-boats-near-disputed-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-more-than-20-vietn.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
6. ["Philippines v. China". The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
7. [Vietnam accuses China of attacking Vietnamese fishermen in three separate incidents in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/17/vietnam-accuses-china-of-attacking-vietnamese-fishermen-in-three-separate-incidents-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
8. [The Chinese navy issues warnings eight times as a United States Navy surveillance plane flies over manmade islands in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/05/20/the-chinese-navy-issues-warnings-eight-times-as-a-united-states-navy-surveillance-plane-flies-over-manmade-islands-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
9. ["Philippines v. China". Vietnam files an intervention in the arbitration case about the South China Sea with Vietnam rejecting China's claims. ](/news/2014/12/13/philippines-v-china-vietnam-files-an-intervention-in-the-arbitration-case-about-the-south-china-sea-with-vietnam-rejecting-china-s-claim.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
10. [Haiyang Shiyou 981 standoff:. Vietnam and China trade accusations over an incident in the South China Sea that led to the sinking of a Vietnamese fishing boat yesterday. ](/news/2014/05/27/haiyang-shiyou-981-standoff-vietnam-and-china-trade-accusations-over-an-incident-in-the-south-china-sea-that-led-to-the-sinking-of-a-vietn.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
