### [2015-05-13](/news/2015/05/13/index.md)

# Major General Godefroid Niyombare has declared a coup in Burundi and the establishment of a "national salvation committee". President Pierre Nkurunziza is attempting to return home from Tanzania. 

A coup is launched in Burundi to try to overthrow President Pierre Nkurunziza, amid unrest over his bid to be re-elected to a third term.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/Africa/News/Burundi-airport-borders-closed-after-coup-attempt-20150513)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-32717494)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-32724083)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-32732793)

### Related:

1. [Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-the-country-in-response.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
2. [Burundi's army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/burundias-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spring-s-unrest-that-develo.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
3. [The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. ](/news/2015/05/31/the-east-african-community-calls-on-burundi-to-postpone-its-presidential-election-due-to-unrest-sparked-by-the-decision-by-president-pierre.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
4. [The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination-of-opposition-leader-ze.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
5. [The President of Burundi Pierre Nkurunziza says that the government will proceed with a presidential election despite protests and a recent failed coup. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-says-that-the-government-will-proceed-with-a-presidential-election-despite-protests-and-a-recent.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
6. [After a failed coup d'tat the President of Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, fires three Ministers, including the Minister of Defence. ](/news/2015/05/18/after-a-failed-coup-d-etat-the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-fires-three-ministers-including-the-minister-of-defence.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
7. [Burundi officials say that they have arrested several coup members but the leader of the failed coup against President Pierre Nkurunziza, Major General Godefroid Niyombare remains at large. ](/news/2015/05/15/burundi-officials-say-that-they-have-arrested-several-coup-members-but-the-leader-of-the-failed-coup-against-president-pierre-nkurunziza-ma.md) _Context: Godefroid Niyombare, Pierre Nkurunziza_
8. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: coup_
9. [ General Akin Ozturk, Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. ](/news/2016/07/18/general-aka-n-azta1-4rk-turkish-air-force-chief-until-august-2015-confesses-to-planning-last-week-s-attempted-coup-d-a-c-tat-according-to-t.md) _Context: coup_
10. [Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule. A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings. Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis. ](/news/2016/03/22/brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed-a-crime-and-equated-a-bid-to.md) _Context: coup_
