### [2015-05-13](/news/2015/05/13/index.md)

# The United States Department of Agriculture reports that more than 40% of honey bee colonies died in the preceding year. Farmers rely on honey bees to pollinate over half the country's food supply annually. 

More than 40% of honeybee colonies died in the U.S. during a 12-month period ending in April according to a new Agriculture Department study, extending a troubling trend.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/over-40-of-honeybee-colonies-died-in-year-usda-says-1431531544)

### Related:

1. [A study funded by Bayer and Syngenta confirms that neonicotinoid insecticides kill queen and worker bees. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-study-funded-by-bayer-and-syngenta-confirms-that-neonicotinoid-insecticides-kill-queen-and-worker-bees.md) _Context: Colony collapse disorder_
2. [Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. ](/news/2017/02/3/citing-court-rulings-and-privacy-laws-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-stops-making-its-records-of-animal-abuse-available-to-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
3. [Over 3 million bees die in South Carolina after being exposed to pesticides intended for mosquitoes carrying the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/09/3/over-3-million-bees-die-in-south-carolina-after-being-exposed-to-pesticides-intended-for-mosquitoes-carrying-the-zika-virus.md) _Context: bees_
4. [A study of Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture employees shows that the food industry has been successfully withholding information from inspectors and pressuring the government agencies to withdraw or alter policies which promote food safety. ](/news/2010/09/13/a-study-of-food-and-drug-administration-and-u-s-department-of-agriculture-employees-shows-that-the-food-industry-has-been-successfully-with.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
5. [The White House holds an official review after an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture was forced to resign regarding controversy about a video that surfaced on the Internet. [http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/07/21/agriculture.employee.usda/index.html?hpt=C2 (CNN)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/21/white-house-shirley-sherrod ("The Guardian")] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10716237 (BBC News)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/22/us/politics/22sherrod.html?_r=1 ("The New York Times)"]](/news/2010/07/21/the-white-house-holds-an-official-review-after-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-was-forced-to-resign-regarding-con.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
6. [Shirley Sherrod, an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture, resigns after a video on the internet surfaced showing her apparently making racist remarks regarding the foreclosure of a farm owned by a white farmer. ](/news/2010/07/20/shirley-sherrod-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-resigns-after-a-video-on-the-internet-surfaced-showing-her-appa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
7. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture stands down two employees as part of its investigation of the biggest meat recall in United States history. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-stands-down-two-employees-as-part-of-its-investigation-of-the-biggest-meat-recall-in-united-states-histo.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
8. [ "MyPyramid" is released by the United States Department of Agriculture. The new food guidance icon is an update of the 13-year-old food guide pyramid, which was itself an update of charts expounding on the "four basic food groups". ](/news/2005/04/19/mypyramid-is-released-by-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-the-new-food-guidance-icon-is-an-update-of-the-13-year-old-food-gui.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
9. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]](/news/2003/12/27/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-announces-that-it-believes-the-bse-infected-cow-detected-in-washington-state-was-imported-from-canada-in.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
10. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
