### [2013-08-19](/news/2013/08/19/index.md)

# The British warship Westminster 6 arrives in Gibraltar amid tensions with Spain. 

The European Commission is to send a fact-finding mission to Gibraltar to examine the legitimacy of border controls imposed by Spain in a growing dispute over the British Mediterranean enclave.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/19/us-spain-gibraltar-idUSBRE97I07L20130819)

### Related:

1. [Spain's Foreign Minister Jose Garcia-Margallo y Marfil says Spain will seek to jointly govern Gibraltar with Britain. Gibraltar, which is at the southern end of the Iberian peninsula bordering Spain, overwhelmingly voted in favour of Britain remaining in the EU. ](/news/2016/06/24/spain-s-foreign-minister-josa-c-garcaa-margallo-y-marfil-says-spain-will-seek-to-jointly-govern-gibraltar-with-britain-gibraltar-which-is.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
2. [The Royal Navy's HMS "Sabre" fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS "Florida" during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil-vessel-after-it-twice-attempted-to-cut-across-the-path-of-united.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
3. [Britain makes a protest to the Spanish authorities over the opening of a diplomatic bag at the border with Gibraltar on Friday 22 November 2013. ](/news/2013/11/26/britain-makes-a-protest-to-the-spanish-authorities-over-the-opening-of-a-diplomatic-bag-at-the-border-with-gibraltar-on-friday-22-november-2.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
4. [The UK government threatens Spain with legal action over the imposition of additional border checks in Gibraltar. ](/news/2013/08/12/the-uk-government-threatens-spain-with-legal-action-over-the-imposition-of-additional-border-checks-in-gibraltar.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
5. [ Foreign Minister Miguel ngel Moratinos becomes the first Spanish government official to visit Gibraltar in 300 years. ](/news/2009/07/21/foreign-minister-miguel-angel-moratinos-becomes-the-first-spanish-government-official-to-visit-gibraltar-in-300-years.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
6. [A referendum in Gibraltar organised by the Government of Gibraltar showed that 99% of those who voted rejected a proposal for joint sovereignty with Spain The turnout for the referendum was 88%.](/news/2002/11/7/a-referendum-in-gibraltar-organised-by-the-government-of-gibraltar-showed-that-99-of-those-who-voted-rejected-a-proposal-for-joint-sovereig.md) _Context: Gibraltar, Spain_
7. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
