### [2010-10-5](/news/2010/10/5/index.md)

# 1976 Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire is deported by Israel ending her joint effort with other Nobel laureates to meet Israeli and Palestinian peace activists. 

Israel deported Irish Nobel peace laureate Mairead Maguire on Tuesday, after the country’s highest court rejected her appeal against a deportation order. “The supreme court yesterday ruled that she mu


### Source:

1. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/Israel-expels-Irish-Nobel-peace-laureate/Article1-608762.aspx)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article814735.ece)

### Related:

1. [Israel decides to deport 1976 Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire, whom it has kept locked up in a detention facility since last Tuesday when she arrived to attend a conference with 5 other Nobel peace laureates. An Israeli court orders her to keep "her propaganda to herself". Israel claims it has banned her from entering its land but she says she is unaware of such a ban. ](/news/2010/10/4/israel-decides-to-deport-1976-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-mairead-maguire-whom-it-has-kept-locked-up-in-a-detention-facility-since-last-tues.md) _Context: Israel, Mairead Maguire, Nobel Peace Prize_
2. [Nobel peace laureate Mairead Maguire is to be deported from Israel within 48 hours after her appeal to overturn her entry refusal was rejected. ](/news/2010/10/1/nobel-peace-laureate-mairead-maguire-is-to-be-deported-from-israel-within-48-hours-after-her-appeal-to-overturn-her-entry-refusal-was-reject.md) _Context: Israel, Mairead Maguire_
3. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Prominent Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo dies.  ](/news/2017/07/13/prominent-chinese-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-dies.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
7. [The Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo is in "critical condition," according to Chinese doctors. ](/news/2017/07/10/the-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-is-in-critical-condition-according-to-chinese-doctors.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
8. [Chinese political activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo is released from prison on medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. ](/news/2017/06/26/chinese-political-activist-and-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-liu-xiaobo-is-released-from-prison-on-medical-parole-after-being-diagnosed-with-te.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
9. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
