### [2010-10-5](/news/2010/10/5/index.md)

# A car bomb explodes beside a shopping centre in Derry, Northern Ireland. 

Dissident republican group the Real IRA says it carried out a car bomb attack in Londonderry which damaged a bank and shops.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-foyle-west-11473586)

### Related:

1. [Police Service of Northern Ireland received a phone call in the early hours allegedly from a dissident republican group claiming to have planted an explosive in a Curryneirin neighborhood outside Derry, Northern Ireland. Police evacuated 12 homes before finding a device, describing it as "'It's a bomb and designed to kill".](/news/2015/02/17/police-service-of-northern-ireland-received-a-phone-call-in-the-early-hours-allegedly-from-a-dissident-republican-group-claiming-to-have-pla.md) _Context: Derry, Northern Ireland_
2. [A bomb explodes in a bank in the city centre of Derry, Northern Ireland; no damage is done. ](/news/2011/05/21/a-bomb-explodes-in-a-bank-in-the-city-centre-of-derry-northern-ireland-no-damage-is-done.md) _Context: Derry, Northern Ireland_
3. [Thousands of people march in Derry, Northern Ireland, in memory of those killed by British troops in the 1972 Bloody Sunday massacre of civil rights protesters and local bystanders. It is intended to be the final such march after the British government admitted last year that its troops had been responsible for carrying out the Bogside massacre. ](/news/2011/01/30/thousands-of-people-march-in-derry-northern-ireland-in-memory-of-those-killed-by-british-troops-in-the-1972-bloody-sunday-massacre-of-civi.md) _Context: Derry, Northern Ireland_
4. [A car bomb explodes in Derry, Northern Ireland, injuring no one. ](/news/2010/08/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-derry-northern-ireland-injuring-no-one.md) _Context: Derry, Northern Ireland_
5. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [ MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial-meaning-there-is-a-strong-possibilit.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
