### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

#  12 people &ndash; including six United Nations staff &ndash; are killed after Taliban militants assault an international guesthouse in the Afghan capital Kabul. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hvWEqwq3CrRvaQCmt21MfoYhjZJQD9BK2EI00)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2009/10/28/world/international-us-afghanistan.html)

### Related:

1. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban, United Nations_
2. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present) The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-pthe-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, United Nations_
4. [An earthquake  measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan,  158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
5. [A suicide car bomber hits the headquarters of EUPOL Afghanistan in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing one person and injuring five others. The Taliban have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2015/01/5/a-suicide-car-bomber-hits-the-headquarters-of-eupol-afghanistan-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-one-person-and-injuring-five-others-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby.  Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pseven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
7. [A suicide bombing by the Taliban near the headquarters of the International Security Assistance Force in the Afghan capital of Kabul kills at least six people. ](/news/2012/09/8/a-suicide-bombing-by-the-taliban-near-the-headquarters-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-the-afghan-capital-of-kabul-kills-a.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
8. [Taliban gunmen shoot a woman accused of adultery to death while men watching the execution cheer, in a village near Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/07/8/taliban-gunmen-shoot-a-woman-accused-of-adultery-to-death-while-men-watching-the-execution-cheer-in-a-village-near-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
9. [NATO-backed Afghan security forces end a 12-hour siege carried out by Taliban insurgents on the Spozhmai Hotel outside Kabul, killing all five insurgents. ](/news/2012/06/22/nato-backed-afghan-security-forces-end-a-12-hour-siege-carried-out-by-taliban-insurgents-on-the-spozhmai-hotel-outside-kabul-killing-all-fi.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
10. [Taliban attack on Kabul:A Taliban attack on the centre of the Afghan capital Kabul ends with 11 people dead. ](/news/2011/09/14/taliban-attack-on-kabul-pa-taliban-attack-on-the-centre-of-the-afghan-capital-kabul-ends-with-11-people-dead.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
