### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

#  Ares I-X, the first test article for NASA's Ares I rocket, launches successfully from Launch Complex 39B at Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a sub-orbital test flight. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/TECH/space/10/28/nasa.ares.rocket/index.html)

### Related:

1. [NASA's Space Shuttle "Endeavour" successfully launches from the Kennedy Space Center in the U.S. state of Florida on its final mission. ](/news/2011/05/16/nasa-s-space-shuttle-endeavour-successfully-launches-from-the-kennedy-space-center-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-on-its-final-mission.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center, NASA_
2. [ NASA reveals that Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center sustained unusual amounts of damage during the launch of STS-124. They are unsure what caused the damage, but are certain it will not cause any delay for the next launch, STS-125, in October. ](/news/2008/06/3/nasa-reveals-that-launch-complex-39a-at-kennedy-space-center-sustained-unusual-amounts-of-damage-during-the-launch-of-sts-124-they-are-uns.md) _Context: Kennedy Space Center, Launch Complex 39B, NASA_
3. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
4. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-crs-10-spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-wil.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
5. [New Frontiers program: The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
6. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
7. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
8. [The Space Shuttle "Discovery" makes its final landing at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, after 27 years of service. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-space-shuttle-discovery-makes-its-final-landing-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-after-27-years-of-service.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
9. [Hundreds of people attend an event at Kennedy Space Center in the U.S. state of Florida to mark the 25th anniversary of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster. ](/news/2011/01/28/hundreds-of-people-attend-an-event-at-kennedy-space-center-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-to-mark-the-25th-anniversary-of-the-space-shuttle-c.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
10. [Space Shuttle "Atlantis" completes its final scheduled mission after landing at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. ](/news/2010/05/26/space-shuttle-atlantis-completes-its-final-scheduled-mission-after-landing-at-kennedy-space-center-florida.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
