### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

#  Federal agents attached to the FBI fatally shoot the leader of a Sunni Muslim group wanted on firearm charges in Detroit, USA. 

Federal authorities said that a leader of what they called a radical group was killed during an F.B.I. raid.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2009/10/2009102823123349105.html)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/29/us/29shooting.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
2. [Detroit, a city in which property values are among the lowest in the United States, is looking to reverse this. The Detroit Land Bank Authority is demolishing structures that are beyond repair and auction (bids start at $1,000) ones that are salvageable. ](/news/2015/11/27/detroit-a-city-in-which-property-values-are-among-the-lowest-in-the-united-states-is-looking-to-reverse-this-the-detroit-land-bank-author.md) _Context: Detroit, United States_
3. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
4. [A brief lake effect snowsquall on Interstate 75 in Detroit, Michigan, United States, leads to a 30-car accident that leaves 3 dead and 15 injured. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-brief-lake-effect-snowsquall-on-interstate-75-in-detroit-michigan-united-states-leads-to-a-30-car-accident-that-leaves-3-dead-and-15-in.md) _Context: Detroit, United States_
5. [The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation announces that it has arrested 13 members of the Mafia in the city of Philadelphia in relation to an illegal gambling operation. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-announces-that-it-has-arrested-13-members-of-the-mafia-in-the-city-of-philadelphia-in-rela.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
6. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
7. [An analysis of the FBI's scientific work in the investigation of the 2001 anthrax attacks on the United States finds that the Bureau overstated the strength of the links to a supply held by Bruce Ivins. ](/news/2011/02/15/an-analysis-of-the-fbi-s-scientific-work-in-the-investigation-of-the-2001-anthrax-attacks-on-the-united-states-finds-that-the-bureau-oversta.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
8. [United States Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrest dozens of Puerto Rico police officers accused of aiding drug traffickers. ](/news/2010/10/6/united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-arrest-dozens-of-puerto-rico-police-officers-accused-of-aiding-drug-traffickers.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
9. [The United States' Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) posts a letter to the offices of online encyclopedia project Wikipedia, threatening fines and imprisonments over what it claims is the "particularly problematic" use of the agency's seal. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-10851394 (BBC)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2010/TECH/web/08/03/fbi.seal.wikipedia/index.html?eref=rss_topstories (CNN)] [http://www.vanityfair.com/online/daily/2010/08/today-in-intelligence-the-fbi-picks-a-fight-with-wikipedia.html ("Vanity Fair")] (Wikipedia entry)](/news/2010/08/3/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-posts-a-letter-to-the-offices-of-online-encyclopedia-project-wikipedia-threatening.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
10. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
