### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

#  Ireland and the United Kingdom agree to ensure drivers disqualified from driving are disqualified in all their countries. 

A new deal has been made between the UK and Ireland to ensure that disqualified drivers do not use the roads in either country.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1028/driving.html)

### Related:

1. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
2. [Georgia-European Union relations. Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
3. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
4. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
5. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-irela.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
6. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
7. [Telecommunications giant BT expands its investment in sports broadcasting with the purchase of ESPN's channels in Britain and Ireland. ](/news/2013/02/25/telecommunications-giant-bt-expands-its-investment-in-sports-broadcasting-with-the-purchase-of-espn-s-channels-in-britain-and-ireland.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
8. [Queen Elizabeth II's visit to the Republic of Ireland:. Queen Elizabeth II starts her first state visit to the Republic of Ireland, the first visit of a British monarch since Ireland's independence from the United Kingdom in 1921. Elizabeth is also the first British monarch to visit Ireland since George V's state visit in 1911. ](/news/2011/05/17/queen-elizabeth-ii-s-visit-to-the-republic-of-ireland-queen-elizabeth-ii-starts-her-first-state-visit-to-the-republic-of-ireland-the-firs.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
9. [An international operation against a major drug trafficking gang deals "a major blow" as 26 people are arrested in Ireland, Spain and the United Kingdom, including a capo di tutti capi. ](/news/2010/05/25/an-international-operation-against-a-major-drug-trafficking-gang-deals-a-major-blow-as-26-people-are-arrested-in-ireland-spain-and-the-un.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
10. [Assassination of senior Hamas commander in Dubai:. The British and Irish governments call in their Israeli ambassadors over the use of fake passports by the alleged killers of a Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/02/18/assassination-of-senior-hamas-commander-in-dubai-the-british-and-irish-governments-call-in-their-israeli-ambassadors-over-the-use-of-fake.md) _Context: Britain, Ireland_
