### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

#  The United Nations Torture Investigator, Manfred Nowak, is prevented last minute from entering Zimbabwe. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2009/10/20091028203710994131.html)
2. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jY17oU2cxol4YafwqoI2O5ETqJmQD9BKBIOG1)
3. [The Herald](http://www.herald.co.zw/inside.aspx?sectid=11867&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations is investigating suspected transfer of weapons from Zimbabwe to Ivory Coast's incumbent President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in violation of UN sanctions. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-united-nations-is-investigating-suspected-transfer-of-weapons-from-zimbabwe-to-ivory-coast-s-incumbent-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laur.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
2. [ Leaked excerpts from the United Nations' report into Zimbabwe's Operation Murambatsvina state that the operation has been a "disastrous venture" that has violated international law and created a grave humanitarian crisis. It further suggests that the act might qualify as a crime against humanity and urged Zimbabwe to prosecute those responsible. ](/news/2005/07/22/leaked-excerpts-from-the-united-nations-report-into-zimbabwe-s-operation-murambatsvina-state-that-the-operation-has-been-a-disastrous-ven.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
3. [ UN special envoy Anna Tibaijuka meets Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe, discussing about a recent urban crackdown that has left 300.000 people homeless](/news/2005/06/29/un-special-envoy-anna-tibaijuka-meets-robert-mugabe-in-zimbabwe-discussing-about-a-recent-urban-crackdown-that-has-left-300-000-people-hom.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
4. [ United Nations rapporteur Manfred Nowak states that the United States may be secretly holding prisoners on military vessels. ](/news/2005/06/28/united-nations-rapporteur-manfred-nowak-states-that-the-united-states-may-be-secretly-holding-prisoners-on-military-vessels.md) _Context: Manfred Nowak, United Nations_
5. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
