
Formats: [HTML](/news/2009/10/28/the-lebanese-army-says-it-has-found-and-deactivated-four-107-mm-rockets-in-the-garden-of-a-partly-built-house-a-day-after-a-rocket-fired-fr.html)  [JSON](/news/2009/10/28/the-lebanese-army-says-it-has-found-and-deactivated-four-107-mm-rockets-in-the-garden-of-a-partly-built-house-a-day-after-a-rocket-fired-fr.json)  [XML](/news/2009/10/28/the-lebanese-army-says-it-has-found-and-deactivated-four-107-mm-rockets-in-the-garden-of-a-partly-built-house-a-day-after-a-rocket-fired-fr.xml)  

### [2009-10-28](/news/2009/10/28/index.md)

##### Lebanese
#  The Lebanese army says it has found and deactivated four 107-mm rockets in the garden of a partly built house a day after a rocket fired from Houla hit the northern Israeli border town of Kiryat Shmona. This is the fifth time rocket attacks have been used to try to break the cease-fire. 

The Lebanese army said on Wednesday it found and deactivated more rockets in an area from where a similar device had been fired into Israel.


### Sources:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE59R14X20091028)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Syrian state media say that Israeli warplanes attacked a military position in Jamraya, Rif Dimashq Governorate, from Lebanese airspace, with the Syrian Air Defense Force intercepting most of the missiles. The target is rumored to be a weapon research facility. ](/news/2018/02/7/syrian-state-media-say-that-israeli-warplanes-attacked-a-military-position-in-jamraya-rif-dimashq-governorate-from-lebanese-airspace-with.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
3. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
4. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
5. [Two rockets are launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires 20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
