### [2017-07-17](/news/2017/07/17/index.md)

# In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/artikel/2183659-onthulling-nationaal-monument-mh17-deze-dag-sloeg-een-gat-in-ons-leven.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://nos.nl/data/image/2017/07/17/403837/xxl.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, Prime Minister_
2. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-show.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, Prime Minister_
3. [Mark Rutte of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is asked by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to become Prime Minister of the Netherlands leading a coalition government. ](/news/2010/10/7/mark-rutte-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-asked-by-queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-neth.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands, Prime Minister_
4. [Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands signs the official acts of abdication in favor of her son the Prince of Orange, who becomes King Willem-Alexander, the first male monarch in 123 years. ](/news/2013/04/30/queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-signs-the-official-acts-of-abdication-in-favor-of-her-son-the-prince-of-orange-who-becomes-king-willem-ale.md) _Context: Netherlands, Willem-Alexander_
5. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Netherlands, Prime Minister_
6. [In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund ("the troika") want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. ](/news/2012/09/5/in-a-letter-ordering-terms-for-the-next-installment-of-the-second-bailout-the-european-commission-european-central-bank-and-international.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
7. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
8. [Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte tenders his government's resignation to Queen Beatrix, paving the way for early elections. ](/news/2012/04/23/prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-mark-rutte-tenders-his-government-s-resignation-to-queen-beatrix-paving-the-way-for-early-elections.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
9. [First liberal cabinet in the Netherlands since 1918, led by Mark Rutte, is sworn in in The Hague.](/news/2010/10/14/first-liberal-cabinet-in-the-netherlands-since-1918-led-by-mark-rutte-is-sworn-in-in-the-hague.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Netherlands_
10. [An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-muslim-bosnian-men-in-the-1995-srebrenica.md) _Context: Netherlands_
