### [2017-07-17](/news/2017/07/17/index.md)

# The White House tells U.S. Congress that Iran is complying with its nuclear deal, and promises to impose new sanctions on Iran's ballistic missile program. 

The U.S. has certified with Congress that Iran is legally in compliance on the nuclear deal, but senior Trump administration officials said both Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and President Donald Trump will couch that certification with an accusation that Iran is &ldquo;unquestionably in default of the...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/iran-legally-complying-nuclear-deal-defaulting-spirit-agreement/story?id=48693039)
1. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/Politics/WireAP_102d1ebfb7344596ad1b8c5ad0170090_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
2. [Tasnim News Agency reports that, in a Nowruz speech, Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei said experts in his country can enrich uranium to 99 percent. ISNA reports that Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is threatening to quit the Iran nuclear deal if the United States blocks Iran's version of the deal's implementation. ](/news/2017/03/21/tasnim-news-agency-reports-that-in-a-nowruz-speech-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-said-experts-in-his-country-can-enrich-uranium-to-9.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
3. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
4. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
5. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms the nominations of the ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, and of two State Department officials once Senator Ted Cruz lifted his months-long hold on the nominations because of his objection to the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA). ](/news/2016/02/12/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-nominations-of-the-ambassadors-to-norway-and-sweden-and-of-two-state-department-officials-once-senator-ted-cru.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
7. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
8. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
9. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
10. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
