### [2012-08-2](/news/2012/08/2/index.md)

# Italian football club Inter Milan sells a 15% stake to a Chinese investor group. 

Italian football club Inter Milan says that a group of Chinese investors will become its second-largest shareholder.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19090179)

### Related:

1. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake. A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
2. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian.md) _Context: Italian_
3. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
4. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China_
5. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
6. [2017 Doklam crisis. Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China_
7. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
8. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China_
9. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: China_
10. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique. France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: Italian_
