### [2012-08-2](/news/2012/08/2/index.md)

# The Constitutional Court of Romania postpones a decision regarding the impeachment referendum of suspended President Traian Basescu until 31 August 2012, to allow time for the reevaluation of the permanent electoral lists. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Magazine](http://www.financial-magazine.org/ccr-postponed-to-september-12-decision-on-referendum-84243.html)

### Related:

1. [For the second time in history and with the same person, the Parliament of Romania votes to suspend President Traian Basescu from office. On 29 July 2012 he will face a national referendum for his dismissal. ](/news/2012/07/6/for-the-second-time-in-history-and-with-the-same-person-the-parliament-of-romania-votes-to-suspend-president-traian-basescu-from-office-o.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
2. [Romanian President Traian Basescu could survive the referendum on his impeachment that shows a massive vote against him but under 50% turnout.The Constitutional Court of Romania will give the final word on whether to validate the referendum later this week.](/news/2012/07/30/romanian-president-traian-basescu-could-survive-the-referendum-on-his-impeachment-that-shows-a-massive-vote-against-him-but-under-50-turno.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Romania, Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
3. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for an impeachment referendum against the President of Romania Traian Basescu. ](/news/2012/07/29/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-an-impeachment-referendum-against-the-president-of-romania-traian-basescu.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
4. [The Constitutional Court of Romania rules that government budget plans are "unconstitutional"; this decision cannot be appealed. Dozens of people trying to request an audience with President Traian Basescu at his palace are beaten back by riot police. ](/news/2010/06/25/the-constitutional-court-of-romania-rules-that-government-budget-plans-are-unconstitutional-this-decision-cannot-be-appealed-dozens-of-p.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Romania, President, Traian Basescu_
5. [ Incumbent President of Romania Traian Basescu is declared the winner of Sunday's presidential election run-off, with the opposition demanding that the Constitutional Court annul the vote due to electoral fraud. ](/news/2009/12/7/incumbent-president-of-romania-traian-basescu-is-declared-the-winner-of-sunday-s-presidential-election-run-off-with-the-opposition-demand.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Romania, President, Traian Basescu_
6. [Romanian President Traian Basescu denies any implication in his brother's graft case in which he is charged with receiving 250,000 euros in order to facilitate the release of a well-known incarcerated mobster. Hours after the president's press conference, his brother, Mircea, was arrested for 24h.](/news/2014/06/19/romanian-president-traian-basescu-denies-any-implication-in-his-brother-s-graft-case-in-which-he-is-charged-with-receiving-250-000-euros-in.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
7. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
8. [The Constitutional Court of Romania invalidates the presidential impeachment referendum held on July 29. ](/news/2012/08/21/the-constitutional-court-of-romania-invalidates-the-presidential-impeachment-referendum-held-on-july-29.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Romania, presidential impeachment referendum_
9. [Suspended Romanian President Traian Basescu urges his supporters to boycott this Sunday's referendum on his dismissal. ](/news/2012/07/27/suspended-romanian-president-traian-basescu-urges-his-supporters-to-boycott-this-sunday-s-referendum-on-his-dismissal.md) _Context: Traian Basescu, presidential impeachment referendum_
10. [Violent protests occur in Bucharest, Romania, as two-day-old demonstrations continue against President Traian Basescu's economic austerity measures. Clashes are reported in numerous Romanian cities between protesters and law enforcement officers. ](/news/2012/01/14/violent-protests-occur-in-bucharest-romania-as-two-day-old-demonstrations-continue-against-president-traian-basescu-s-economic-austerity.md) _Context: President, Traian Basescu_
