### [2012-08-2](/news/2012/08/2/index.md)

# Three men are arrested due to their alleged ties with al Qaeda in Spain. 

Spanish officials announced the arrest of three suspects who were believed to have been planning attacks in Spain and elsewhere.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/03/world/europe/3-arrested-in-spain-are-accused-of-having-links-to-al-qaeda.html)

### Related:

1. [Spain's government sees a video showing three aid workers who have been held hostage by Al-Qaeda in Mali since November 2009. ](/news/2010/01/15/spain-s-government-sees-a-video-showing-three-aid-workers-who-have-been-held-hostage-by-al-qaeda-in-mali-since-november-2009.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Imad Yarkas is convicted in Spain of conspiracy with al-Qaeda in the September 11, 2001 attacks and sentenced to 27 years. Driss Chebli, was convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to six years, Al Jazeera journalist Tayseer Allouni was also convicted of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced to seven years, while Ghasoub al-Abrash Ghalyoun was acquitted on all counts. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050926/ap_on_re_eu/spain_sept11_trial  (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/imad-yarkas-is-convicted-in-spain-of-conspiracy-with-al-qaeda-in-the-september-11-2001-attacks-and-sentenced-to-27-years-driss-chebli-wa.md) _Context: Spain, al-Qaeda_
4. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
5. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
6. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [In Spain, the Basque separatist group ETA announces that it will fully disarm by April 8, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/17/in-spain-the-basque-separatist-group-eta-announces-that-it-will-fully-disarm-by-april-8-2017.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Europol reports a total of more than 10,000 assault rifles and 400 shelling weapons were seized in northern Spain during an anti-trafficking operation in January. ](/news/2017/03/14/europol-reports-a-total-of-more-than-10-000-assault-rifles-and-400-shelling-weapons-were-seized-in-northern-spain-during-an-anti-trafficking.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: al-Qaeda_
