### [2012-08-2](/news/2012/08/2/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Ernesto forms in the Atlantic Ocean with storm warnings issued for Barbados, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Dominica, St. Lucia, Martinique, and Guadelope. 

After more than a month hiatus, a tropical storm is alive in the Atlantic basin. The National Hurricane Center has upgraded tropical depression number 5 to tropical storm Ernesto. The storm&rsquo;s maximum sustained winds are around 45 mph and gradual strengthening is forecast as it moves across the Windward islands into the Caribbean.


### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/post/tropical-storm-ernesto-forms-in-the-atlantic/2012/08/02/gJQAnexXSX_blog.html)

### Related:

1. [Tropical Storm Isaac forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings in place for Puerto Rico, the US and British Virgin Islands, Martinique, Dominica, Guadeloupe, St Martin, St Kitts, Nevis, Antigua, Barbuda, Montserrat, Anguilla, Saba, St Eustatius, St Maarten, Culebra and Vieques. ](/news/2012/08/21/tropical-storm-isaac-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-in-place-for-puerto-rico-the-us-and-british-virgin-islands-m.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Dominican, Martinique, Tropical Storm Leslie_
2. [ Jamaica prepares for Hurricane Dean with the hurricane already responsible for at least eight deaths on Caribbean islands St. Lucia, Martinique and Dominica. It is expected to hit the Cayman Islands on Monday and the Yucatn Peninsula on Tuesday with further impact on Mexico or Texas later in the week. ](/news/2007/08/19/jamaica-prepares-for-hurricane-dean-with-the-hurricane-already-responsible-for-at-least-eight-deaths-on-caribbean-islands-st-lucia-martin.md) _Context: Dominican, Martinique, St. Lucia_
3. [ A hurricane watch is issued for a portion of the Lesser Antilles including St. Lucia and Martinique due to the prospects of Tropical Storm Dean becoming a hurricane. ](/news/2007/08/15/a-hurricane-watch-is-issued-for-a-portion-of-the-lesser-antilles-including-st-lucia-and-martinique-due-to-the-prospects-of-tropical-storm.md) _Context: Martinique, St. Lucia_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-a.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
7. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
9. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey, a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
10. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
