### [2016-07-22](/news/2016/07/22/index.md)

# 2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. 2016 Turkish purges. Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. 

Thousands gathered in Istanbul&#39;s Taksim square late on Thursday in a show of support for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who has won new powers to crackdown on dissent following an attempted coup.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/22/thousands-rally-in-support-of-turkeys-president-erdogan/)

### Related:

1. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: Taksim Square, last year's coup attempt_
2. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. 2016 Turkish purges. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan declares a state of emergency for three months following Friday night's failed coup. ](/news/2016/07/20/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-2016-turkish-purges-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdogan-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-three-month.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges, last year's coup attempt_
3. [Turkey-United States relations. The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, last year's coup attempt_
4. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan returns to Istanbul Ataturk Airport indicating that the coup may be faltering. ](/news/2016/07/16/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-returns-to-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-indicating-that-the-co.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, last year's coup attempt_
5. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident. Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [ 2016-17 Turkish purges. The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/2016-17-turkish-purges-the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-c.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
9. [2016-17 Turkish purges. About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/2016-17-turkish-purges-about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
10. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
