### [2016-07-22](/news/2016/07/22/index.md)

# Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. 

Thousands gathered in Istanbul&#39;s Taksim square late on Thursday in a show of support for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who has won new powers to crackdown on dissent following an attempted coup.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/22/thousands-rally-in-support-of-turkeys-president-erdogan/)

### Related:

1. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: Taksim Square, last year's coup attempt_
2. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan declares a state of emergency for three months following Friday night's failed coup. ](/news/2016/07/20/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdogan-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-three-months-following-friday-night-s-failed-coup.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges, last year's coup attempt_
3. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, last year's coup attempt_
4. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan returns to Istanbul Ataturk Airport indicating that the coup may be faltering. ](/news/2016/07/16/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-returns-to-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-indicating-that-the-coup-may-be-faltering.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, last year's coup attempt_
5. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-country-following-a-failed-c.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
8. [About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges-of-murder-and-attempting-t.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens  the trial  of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara.  The defendants include, ''in absentia'', the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO  Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-a.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
