### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

# The President of the United States nominates Eric Fanning as the first openly LGBT Secretary of the Army. 

Eric Fanning has been a specialist on defense and national security issues for more than 25 years.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/obama-to-nominate-first-openly-gay-service-secretary-to-lead-the-army/2015/09/18/d4b1aafe-5e30-11e5-8e9e-dce8a2a2a679_story.html?wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-politics%252Bnation)

### Related:

1. [The President of the United States Barack Obama states that gay and lesbian couples "deserve the same legal rights as every other couple in this country" at a function for LGBT people in New York City. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-states-that-gay-and-lesbian-couples-deserve-the-same-legal-rights-as-every-other-couple-in.md) _Context: gay and bisexual men, president_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: president_
3. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: president_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: president_
5. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: president_
6. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: president_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: president_
8. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: president_
9. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: president_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump names  Florida International University College of Law Dean  and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-national-labor-relations-board-member-al.md) _Context: president_
