### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

# The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/18/us-japan-security-idUSKCN0RI03120150918)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans on increasing the spending for the Japan Self-Defense Force. ](/news/2016/08/31/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-plans-on-increasing-the-spending-for-the-japan-self-defense-force.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, military_
3. [A day after Sunday's trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minist.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Economy of Japan. The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Japan-Philippines relations. Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: Japanese government, Prime Minister of Japan_
6. [The United States Navy and the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force held a triennial fleet review off Tokyo Bay. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to board a U.S. aircraft carrier when he visited the USS "Ronald Reagan". ](/news/2015/10/19/the-united-states-navy-and-the-japanese-maritime-self-defense-force-held-a-triennial-fleet-review-off-tokyo-bay-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-b.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, is reelected (unopposed) President of the Liberal Democratic Party. ](/news/2015/09/8/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-is-reelected-unopposed-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [Japanese general election, 2014. Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-general-election-2014-japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is preparing to dissolve the Lower House of the Diet on Tuesday and call a snap election on December 14th in order to seek a public mandate on whether to delay a scheduled increase in the consumption tax. ](/news/2014/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-is-preparing-to-dissolve-the-lower-house-of-the-diet-on-tuesday-and-call-a-snap-election-on-december-14th.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
