### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

# The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. 

A Home Depot in Havana? It could happen under a sweeping set of new rules by the Obama administration.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/18/us-cuba-usa-trade-idUSKCN0RI1EF20150918)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/09/18/cuba-obama-trade-restrictions-removed/72390194/)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States, United States embargo against Cuba_
2. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as ''JetBlue Flight 387'' lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. ''JetBlue Flight 387'' had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clar.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
3. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, U.S. Commerce Department_
4. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in   12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
5. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s.  By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. ](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States embargo against Cuba_
6. [The United States and Cuba reach an understanding on restoring regularly scheduled commercial flights. Currently, the only option available is  charter flights. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-reach-an-understanding-on-restoring-regularly-scheduled-commercial-flights-currently-the-only-option-available.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
7. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
8. [The United States and Cuba resume full diplomatic relations after five decades. ](/news/2015/07/20/the-united-states-and-cuba-resume-full-diplomatic-relations-after-five-decades.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
9. [Cuba starts releasing political prisoners as part of an historic agreement with the United States announced last month. ](/news/2015/01/6/cuba-starts-releasing-political-prisoners-as-part-of-an-historic-agreement-with-the-united-states-announced-last-month.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, United States_
10. [ The U.S. federal government will rescind travel and gift restrictions to Cuba. ](/news/2009/04/13/the-u-s-federal-government-will-rescind-travel-and-gift-restrictions-to-cuba.md) _Context: Cuba, United States, United States embargo against Cuba_
