
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.json)  [XML](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.xml)  

### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

##### Volkswagen emissions violations
# The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. 

The Environmental Protection Agency says nearly 500,000 Volkswagen and Audi diesel cars built in the past seven year are intentionally violating clean air standards by using software that evades EPA emissions standards. 


### Sources:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/09/18/epa-says-vw-intentionally-violates-clean-air-standards/)
2. [EPA](http://yosemite.epa.gov/opa/admpress.nsf/d0cf6618525a9efb85257359003fb69d/dfc8e33b5ab162b985257ec40057813b!opendocument)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/politics/2015/09/18/epa-says-vw-intentionally-violates-clean-air-standards/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1442597883065.jpg?ve=1)

### Changes:

1. [Volkswagen emissions violations: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/volkswagen-emissions-violations-the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-fr.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:27 (First version)_
1. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. ](/news/2015/09/20/volkswagen-halts-sales-of-its-4-cylinder-diesel-vehicles-in-the-united-states-following-a-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-citation-that.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations, diesel-powered, emissions-cheating_
2. [Volkswagen executives admit the diesel emissions cheating was the result of a collection of failures within the company, rather than just the actions of rogue engineers. In 2005, VW began working on software after they were unable to find an affordable technical solution to U.S. nitrogen oxide emissions standards. ](/news/2015/12/10/volkswagen-executives-admit-the-diesel-emissions-cheating-was-the-result-of-a-collection-of-failures-within-the-company-rather-than-just-th.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel-powered, nitrogen oxide_
3. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensive-v.md) _Context: Audi, Environmental Protection Agency, Volkswagen_
4. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel-powered_
5. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: US$, Volkswagen_
