### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

# United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. 

Starting Monday, travelers from Liberia will no longer be subject to extra screening for Ebola at five U.S. airports, but extra scrutiny will remain for travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/09/18/ebola-travel-airport-screening-liberia-sierra-leone-guinea-customs-border-protection/72398942/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west-africa-guinea-liberia-and-sierra.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
2. [Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the-countries-worst-affected-by-the-ebola.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
3. [A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of-the-disease-at-a-treatment-center-ne.md) _Context: Ebola, Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
4. [Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone's capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leoneas-capital-city-of-freetown-about-three-weeks-after-the-most-recent-new.md) _Context: Ebola, Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
5. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day-monitoring-period-for-all-travelers-from.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
6. [Liberia and Sierra Leone declare a state of emergency in response to the Ebola virus disease by sending in troops and ordering the closure of schools and markets and the quarantining of affected communities. ](/news/2014/08/1/liberia-and-sierra-leone-declare-a-state-of-emergency-in-response-to-the-ebola-virus-disease-by-sending-in-troops-and-ordering-the-closure-o.md) _Context: Ebola, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
7. [An outbreak of Ebola virus which has killed at least 59 people in Guinea continues its spread, entering Liberia and threatens to spread to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/03/24/an-outbreak-of-ebola-virus-which-has-killed-at-least-59-people-in-guinea-continues-its-spread-entering-liberia-and-threatens-to-spread-to-s.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
8. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
9. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
10. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: Guinea, Sierra Leone_
