### [2015-09-18](/news/2015/09/18/index.md)

# Volkswagen emissions violations: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. 

The Environmental Protection Agency says nearly 500,000 Volkswagen and Audi diesel cars built in the past seven year are intentionally violating clean air standards by using software that evades EPA emissions standards. 


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/09/18/epa-says-vw-intentionally-violates-clean-air-standards/)
2. [EPA](http://yosemite.epa.gov/opa/admpress.nsf/d0cf6618525a9efb85257359003fb69d/dfc8e33b5ab162b985257ec40057813b!opendocument)

### Related:

1. [Volkswagen emissions violations: Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. ](/news/2015/09/20/volkswagen-emissions-violations-volkswagen-halts-sales-of-its-4-cylinder-diesel-vehicles-in-the-united-states-following-a-u-s-environmenta.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations, diesel, emissions-cheating, the agency_
2. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation.md) _Context: Audi, Volkswagen, diesel, the agency_
3. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen executives admit the diesel emissions cheating was the result of a collection of failures within the company, rather than just the actions of rogue engineers. In 2005, VW began working on software after they were unable to find an affordable technical solution to U.S. nitrogen oxide emissions standards. ](/news/2015/12/10/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-executives-admit-the-diesel-emissions-cheating-was-the-result-of-a-collection-of-failures-within-th.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel, nitrogen oxide_
4. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: US$, Volkswagen_
5. [Volkswagen diesel emissions cheating scandal: Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-diesel-emissions-cheating-scandal-volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-b.md) _Context: US$, Volkswagen_
6. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen says it has found faulty emissions readings for the first time in gasoline-powered vehicles, widening a scandal that so far had centered on diesel engines. ](/news/2015/11/3/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-says-it-has-found-faulty-emissions-readings-for-the-first-time-in-gasoline-powered-vehicles-wideni.md) _Context: Volkswagen, diesel_
7. [Volkswagen emissions violations: Martin Winterkorn resigns as the CEO of Volkswagen as a result of an emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2015/09/23/volkswagen-emissions-violations-martin-winterkorn-resigns-as-the-ceo-of-volkswagen-as-a-result-of-an-emissions-cheating-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations_
8. [Volkswagen emissions violations: Volkswagen says that 11 million vehicles could have suspect emission control software and it has set aside 6.5 billion euros ($7.2 billion US dollars) for possible fines, repairs, and litigation. ](/news/2015/09/22/volkswagen-emissions-violations-volkswagen-says-that-11-million-vehicles-could-have-suspect-emission-control-software-and-it-has-set-aside.md) _Context: Volkswagen, Volkswagen emissions violations_
9. [Volkswagen's luxury brands Porsche, Audi and Bentley have each posted record sales for 2013. ](/news/2014/01/10/volkswagen-s-luxury-brands-porsche-audi-and-bentley-have-each-posted-record-sales-for-2013.md) _Context: Audi, Volkswagen_
10. [ Audi wins their seventh 24 Hours of Le Mans in eight years, including their second straight win with a diesel R10 prototype. ](/news/2007/06/17/audi-wins-their-seventh-24-hours-of-le-mans-in-eight-years-including-their-second-straight-win-with-a-diesel-r10-prototype.md) _Context: Audi, diesel_
