### [2013-11-19](/news/2013/11/19/index.md)

# The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. 

Venezuelan lawmakers granted President Nicolas Maduro yearlong decree powers on Tuesday that he says are essential to regulate the economy and stamp out corruption but adversaries view as a thinly veiled power grab.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/19/us-venezuela-maduro-powers-idUSBRE9AI16L20131119)

### Related:

1. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela, royal decrees_
2. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
3. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
4. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
5. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
6. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly: In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders, just days before Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursd.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
