### [2009-05-9](/news/2009/05/9/index.md)

#  The Democratic Party wins a plurality of seats in Indonesia's People's Consultative Assembly. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8042095.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Indonesia's legislative election takes place. ](/news/2009/04/9/indonesia-s-legislative-election-takes-place.md) _Context: 2009 legislative elections, Indonesia, Parliament_
2. [A prominent Indonesian cleric says Islamic law should take priority over laws passed by Parliament. ](/news/2010/03/26/a-prominent-indonesian-cleric-says-islamic-law-should-take-priority-over-laws-passed-by-parliament.md) _Context: Indonesia, Parliament_
3. [ Indonesia's National Police shoot nine demonstrators at a pre-election protest in Nabire, West Papua. ](/news/2009/04/6/indonesia-s-national-police-shoot-nine-demonstrators-at-a-pre-election-protest-in-nabire-west-papua.md) _Context: 2009 legislative elections, Indonesia_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Mongolian presidential election, 2017: Mongolians go to the polls to elect a new president. The centre-right Democratic Party's Battulga Khaltmaa wins a plurality of votes, but falls short of a majority, necessitating a second round. ](/news/2017/06/26/mongolian-presidential-election-2017-mongolians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-the-centre-right-democratic-party-s-battulga-kha.md) _Context: plurality_
