### [2009-05-9](/news/2009/05/9/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council condemns the Union of Forces for Democracy and Development's ongoing incursions from Sudan into Chad. 




### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20090509-un-slams-rebel-attacks-eastern-chad-assault-military-security-council)
2. [UN News](http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2009/sc9654.doc.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The Armed Forces and the Union of Forces for Democracy and Development battle near Goz Beida, Ouaddai Region, Chad. ](/news/2009/05/7/the-armed-forces-and-the-union-of-forces-for-democracy-and-development-battle-near-goz-bea-da-ouaddaa-region-chad.md) _Context: Chad, Union of Forces for Democracy and Development, performed_
2. [ Chad admits that its military has performed three incursions into Sudan. ](/news/2009/05/18/chad-admits-that-its-military-has-performed-three-incursions-into-sudan.md) _Context: Chad, Sudan, performed_
3. [ Sudan accuses Chad of launching two air raids on its territory. ](/news/2009/05/15/sudan-accuses-chad-of-launching-two-air-raids-on-its-territory.md) _Context: Chad, Sudan, performed_
4. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Chad, Sudan, United Nations_
5. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
6. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations Security Council expressed "deep concern" at the number of violations of Yemen's ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-adeep-concerna-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemenas-ceasefire-u-n-envoys-warned-that.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
10. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
