### [2011-03-9](/news/2011/03/9/index.md)

# A Federal grand jury in the US city of Lubbock, Texas indicts Khalid Aldawsari on one charge of Attempted Use of a Weapon of Mass Destruction. 

A Lubbock federal grand jury indicts Khalid Aldawsari, 20, on a single charge of Attempted Use of a Weapon of Mass Destruction.&#xD;&#xA;


### Source:

1. [AP via KCBD](http://www.kcbd.com/Global/story.asp?S=14221648)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
2. [Economy of the United States: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/economy-of-the-united-states-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-onc.md) _Context: Texas_
3. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash: Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: indicted_
4. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
5. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: Terrorism in the United States_
7. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas_
