### [2011-03-9](/news/2011/03/9/index.md)

# A government-sponsored study in Canada concludes that heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic compounds found in the Athabasca River downstream of  oil sands plants, are not a natural occurrence but pollution resulting from those plants. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/09/us-oilsands-idUSTRE7287G620110309)

### Related:

1. [Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says the wildfire has destroyed about  1,600 structures in Fort McMurray,  which is  in Canada's oil sands region. No major oil sands facilities are in the fire's path, though two Royal Dutch Shell mines are closing, and a Suncor Energy facility is reducing crude production. The fire is  threatening the Alberta Highway 63 bridge across the Athabasca River, the  sole route south. The Canadian Red Cross is encouraging people to donate funds rather than clothing. ](/news/2016/05/4/alberta-premier-rachel-notley-says-the-wildfire-has-destroyed-about-1-600-structures-in-fort-mcmurray-which-is-in-canada-s-oil-sands-reg.md) _Context: Athabasca River, oil sands_
2. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire.  About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: Canada, oil sands_
3. [The United States Senate narrowly defeats legislation on the Keystone XL Pipeline, intended to allow oil from the oil sands of Canada to flow to the Gulf Coast of Texas. ](/news/2014/11/18/the-united-states-senate-narrowly-defeats-legislation-on-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-intended-to-allow-oil-from-the-oil-sands-of-canada-to-flo.md) _Context: Canada, oil sands_
4. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
5. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
6. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
7. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada_
