### [2011-03-9](/news/2011/03/9/index.md)

# Clashes between Christian Copt and Muslims in the Egyptian capital Cairo kill 13 people and injure 140. 




### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Christian-Muslim-clashes-in-Egypt-kill-13/articleshow/7660134.cms)

### Related:

1. [One person is killed in clashes between Coptic Christians and Muslims in the Egyptian capital Cairo. ](/news/2011/03/8/one-person-is-killed-in-clashes-between-coptic-christians-and-muslims-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Christian, Copt, Egypt, Muslim_
2. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Cairo, Copt, Egypt_
3. [Egyptian authorities blame the Gaza-based Army of Islam group for an attack on a Coptic Christian church in Alexandria on 1 January. ](/news/2011/01/23/egyptian-authorities-blame-the-gaza-based-army-of-islam-group-for-an-attack-on-a-coptic-christian-church-in-alexandria-on-1-january.md) _Context: Christian, Copt, Egypt_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Muslim_
5. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
7. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
8. [ Six policemen are killed in a bomb explosion at a checkpoint in Cairo, Egypt. The Hasm Movement claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/12/9/six-policemen-are-killed-in-a-bomb-explosion-at-a-checkpoint-in-cairo-egypt-the-hasm-movement-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the Egyptian Coptic Church bombing in Cairo that claimed 25 lives on 11 December. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-egyptian-coptic-church-bombing-in-cairo-that-claimed-25-lives-on-11-d.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
10. [  EgyptAir Flight 804 between Paris and Cairo disappears with 56 passengers and 10 crew onboard. The plane was at 37,000 feet when it disappeared ten minutes before entering Egyptian airspace over the Mediterranean Sea. It is later reported to have crashed off the Greek island of Karpathos. Locals reported seeing a fireball. ](/news/2016/05/19/egyptair-flight-804-between-paris-and-cairo-disappears-with-56-passengers-and-10-crew-onboard-the-plane-was-at-37-000-feet-when-it-disapp.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
