### [2006-02-7](/news/2006/02/7/index.md)

#  Mounir El Motassadeq, a member of the Hamburg cell led by Mohamed Atta, is ordered an early release by the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany. The Berlin court rules there is an absence of proof in the government's case that Motassadeq was informed about the 9/11 terrorist plot. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4690712.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Mounir El Motassadeq, the first person to be convicted for his role in the 9/11 attacks who had his conviction overturned in 2004, is re-convicted in Hamburg, Germany and sentenced to seven years in prison. ](/news/2005/08/19/mounir-el-motassadeq-the-first-person-to-be-convicted-for-his-role-in-the-9-11-attacks-who-had-his-conviction-overturned-in-2004-is-re-co.md) _Context: Mounir El Motassadeq, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [ The Federal Constitutional Court, the highest Court in Germany, has ordered the release of Mamoun Darkazanli who has been accused by Spain of having funded the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2005/07/18/the-federal-constitutional-court-the-highest-court-in-germany-has-ordered-the-release-of-mamoun-darkazanli-who-has-been-accused-by-spain.md) _Context: Federal Constitutional Court of Germany, September 11, 2001 attacks_
3. [The Federal Constitutional Court of Germany rules that an anti-terrorism law is unconstitutional and violates right to privacy. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-federal-constitutional-court-of-germany-rules-that-an-anti-terrorism-law-is-unconstitutional-and-violates-right-to-privacy.md) _Context: Federal Constitutional Court of Germany_
4. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [The Federal Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe rules that Germany's participation in the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) is, conditionally, within the German Constitution's limits, allowing President Gauck to approve the Bundestag's previous agreement with the mechanism. ](/news/2012/09/12/the-federal-constitutional-court-in-karlsruhe-rules-that-germany-s-participation-in-the-european-stability-mechanism-esm-is-conditionally.md) _Context: Federal Constitutional Court of Germany_
6. [The Federal Constitutional Court of Germany rules that the German constitution allows its military to start operations inside Germany, for the first time since 1945. ](/news/2012/08/17/the-federal-constitutional-court-of-germany-rules-that-the-german-constitution-allows-its-military-to-start-operations-inside-germany-for-t.md) _Context: Federal Constitutional Court of Germany_
7. [ Germany's Constitutional Court approves the Treaty of Lisbon, but suspends ratification of it. ](/news/2009/06/30/germany-s-constitutional-court-approves-the-treaty-of-lisbon-but-suspends-ratification-of-it.md) _Context: Federal Constitutional Court of Germany_
8. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
9. [ The Senate of the United States approves legislation overhauling the rules for eavesdropping and offering immunity to telecom companies who may have violated wiretapping and privacy laws after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/07/9/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-legislation-overhauling-the-rules-for-eavesdropping-and-offering-immunity-to-telecom-companies-who.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay detention camp under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, and charged with crimes related to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/06/5/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-others-are-arraigned-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-under-the-military-commissions-act-of-2006-and-charg.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
