### [2011-04-10](/news/2011/04/10/index.md)

# An African Union mission arrives in Libya to negotiate a settlement in the 2011 Libyan civil war between Muammar Gaddafi and his opponents. 

Libya accepts an African Union peace proposal, which will now be put to rebel leaders in Benghazi, says South African President Jacob Zuma.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-13029165)

### Related:

1. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-to.md) _Context: African Union, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
2. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-near-the-town-of-tarhouna-40-miles-south-o.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [In Addis Ababa, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon addresses the first African Union summit since the demise of Muammar Gaddafi, calling for improvement of LGBT rights. ](/news/2012/01/29/in-addis-ababa-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-addresses-the-first-african-union-summit-since-the-demise-of-muammar-gaddafi-calling-for-i.md) _Context: African Union, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-faci.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: Fighting continues in the city of Bani Walid, one of the few remaining towns loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi, between pro-Gaddafi fighters and besieging forces loyal to the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/16/2011-libyan-civil-war-fighting-continues-in-the-city-of-bani-walid-one-of-the-few-remaining-towns-loyal-to-the-ousted-dictator-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: Forces loyal to the National Transitional Council (NTC) enter Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte, as the NTC's three-day assault on the city intensifies. ](/news/2011/09/26/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-the-national-transitional-council-ntc-enter-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-as-the-ntc-s-thr.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
