### [2011-04-10](/news/2011/04/10/index.md)

# Peruvians vote in presidential elections with the most likely result a runoff between Ollanta Humala and either Pedro Pablo Kuczynski or Keiko Fujimori. 

Ollanta Humala, a nationalist critical of the expanding influence of foreign companies in Peru, appears to be in the lead, with a June runoff seeming likely.


### Source:

1. [AP via Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/business/unofficial-results-humala-vs-fujimori-in-runoff-1.2810974)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-13027410)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/11/world/americas/11peru.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of the Peruvian general election with Ollanta Humala claiming victory over Keiko Fujimori. ](/news/2011/06/5/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-peruvian-general-election-with-ollanta-humala-claiming-victory-over-keiko-fujimor.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Ollanta Humala, Peru, Peruvian general election_
2. [With more than 92% of the vote counted, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is ahead of  Keiko Fujimori by just over 103,000 votes,  50.3 percent to 49.6 percent, in the  electorate of  23 million citizens. Ballots of Peruvians living abroad will begin to arrive tonight.  Mariano Cucho, the head of the electoral office, says the count may not be finalized until Thursday or Friday. ](/news/2016/06/6/with-more-than-92-of-the-vote-counted-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-is-ahead-of-keiko-fujimori-by-just-over-103-000-votes-50-3-percent-to-49-6.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru_
3. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of voting in a presidential election where Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski are the remaining candidates. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-where-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-are.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru_
4. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for a general election with Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Kuczynski going through to the second round. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-kuczynski-going-through-to-the-second-round.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru_
5. [Ollanta Humala is elected President of Peru in the Peruvian general election, defeating opposition leader Keiko Fujimori. ](/news/2011/06/6/ollanta-humala-is-elected-president-of-peru-in-the-peruvian-general-election-defeating-opposition-leader-keiko-fujimori.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Ollanta Humala, Peruvian general election_
6. [Election officials announce  all ballots have been processed  and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski wins the  closest presidential contest in five decades with 50.1 percent of the votes versus 49.9% for Keiko Fujimori.  Fujimori has yet to concede defeat.  As many as 50,000 ballots still need to be reviewed, but experts say Fujimori can not make up the difference of roughly 40,000 votes separating her from Kuczynski.  ](/news/2016/06/9/election-officials-announce-all-ballots-have-been-processed-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-wins-the-closest-presidential-contest-in-five-decad.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
7. [Peruvian indigenous Amazon groups announce a plan to launch their own political party before next year's election; protecting the rainforest and indigenous rights are to be among its aims. ](/news/2010/08/11/peruvian-indigenous-amazon-groups-announce-a-plan-to-launch-their-own-political-party-before-next-year-s-election-protecting-the-rainforest.md) _Context: Peru, Peruvian general election_
8. [ Alan Garca of the APRA is re-elected President of Peru after winning a runoff with the Union for Peru's Ollanta Humala on Sunday. ](/news/2006/06/5/alan-garcia-of-the-apra-is-re-elected-president-of-peru-after-winning-a-runoff-with-the-union-for-peru-s-ollanta-humala-on-sunday.md) _Context: Ollanta Humala, Peru_
9. [ Peru recalls Carlos Urrutia, its ambassador to Venezuela, after Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez praises Peruvian presidential hopeful Ollanta Humala for his left-leaning policies. A spokeswoman for the Peruvian Foreign Ministry stated, "There are concerns of political meddling in Peru's electoral affairs and comments by President Chvez were out of place." ](/news/2006/01/5/peru-recalls-carlos-urrutia-its-ambassador-to-venezuela-after-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-praises-peruvian-presidential-hopeful-olla.md) _Context: Ollanta Humala, Peru_
10. [Peru-Venezuela relationsShortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peruavenezuela-relationspshortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-i.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
