### [2005-04-17](/news/2005/04/17/index.md)

#  A major breakthrough in the study of ancient Greek and Roman texts may lead to the revelation of hundreds of lost comedies, tragedies and epic poems. Using an infrared technique originally developed for satellite imaging, classicists at Oxford University, in the past four days alone, have made a series of new discoveries from Oxyrhynchus, including writings by Sophocles, Euripides, Hesiod and other literary giants. It may also be used to reveal lost Christian gospels. 




### Source:

1. [Blogger News Network](http://www.legendgames.net/showstory.asp?page=blognews/stories/ST0000030.txt)
2. [The Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/world/science_technology/story.jsp?story=630165)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Christian_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Christian_
3. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities says infrared thermography indicates a hidden chamber in the tomb of King Tutankhamen, findings consistent with early theories his tomb included two concealed doorways and with the theory presented in archaeologist Nicholas Reeves' paper this summer. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-says-infrared-thermography-indicates-a-hidden-chamber-in-the-tomb-of-king-tutankhamen-findings-consist.md) _Context: infrared_
4. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: infrared_
5. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: infrared_
6. [United States President Barack Obama, in Antalya, Turkey, says America will continue to accept refugees from Syria and elsewhere, though, "Only after subjecting them to rigorous screening and security checks." Responding to calls to admit Christians but not Muslims into the country, he said, "We don-t have religious tests to our compassion." ](/news/2015/11/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-in-antalya-turkey-says-america-will-continue-to-accept-refugees-from-syria-and-elsewhere-though-o.md) _Context: Christian_
7. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: Tadmur offensive (July-August 2015): Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-tadmur-offensive-july-august-2015-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claim.md) _Context: Christian_
8. [St Benet's Hall at Oxford University decides to admit women, making it the last of the University's institutions to do so. ](/news/2015/06/4/st-benet-s-hall-at-oxford-university-decides-to-admit-women-making-it-the-last-of-the-university-s-institutions-to-do-so.md) _Context: Oxford University_
9. [Scientists at Oxford University begin a new Ebola vaccine trial on 72 healthy volunteers. ](/news/2015/01/6/scientists-at-oxford-university-begin-a-new-ebola-vaccine-trial-on-72-healthy-volunteers.md) _Context: Oxford University_
10. [Two gunmen storm a Christian church in Kenya during a Sunday service, killing at least six people and wounding more than a dozen others. ](/news/2014/03/23/two-gunmen-storm-a-christian-church-in-kenya-during-a-sunday-service-killing-at-least-six-people-and-wounding-more-than-a-dozen-others.md) _Context: Christian_
