### [2005-04-17](/news/2005/04/17/index.md)

#  Over one hundred thousand people throughout Indonesia have taken part in anti-Israeli and anti-American protests.  The protest was organised by the Prosperous Justice Party in order to show Muslim unity regarding the Al Aqsa Mosque. 




### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-4943377,00.html)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5478,15004137%255E663,00.html)
3. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1113704365040)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Israel, Muslim_
2. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel, Muslim_
3. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
4. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
5. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
6. [The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-from-entering-the-west-bank-to-m.md) _Context: Indonesia, Israel_
7. [Palestinian youth and Israeli riot police clash at the Al-Aqsa Mosque as the Muslims attacked Jews celebrating Tisha B'Av with rocks and firecrackers and barricaded themselves inside the mosque. ](/news/2015/07/26/palestinian-youth-and-israeli-riot-police-clash-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-as-the-muslims-attacked-jews-celebrating-tisha-b-av-with-rocks-and-fir.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
8. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
9. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
10. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
