### [2014-02-9](/news/2014/02/9/index.md)

# 2013-14 Australian bushfire season:Authorities issue emergency warnings for numerous parts of the state of Victoria as conditions are the worst recorded since Black Saturday bushfires on February 7, 2009. 

Emergency warnings have been issued for 10 areas throughout the state as bushfires escalate in extreme conditions.


### Source:

1. [Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/bushfire-destroys-homes-20140209-329nq.html)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/environment/weather/emergency-warnings-issued-as-victorian-bushfires-escalate-20140209-329kk.html)

### Related:

1. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Victoria_
2. [Ten thousand survivors of the Black Saturday bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria in February 2009 win a settlement of A$497.4 million against utility company SP AusNet, its maintenance contractor and the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment for poor inadequate maintenance and protection measures. ](/news/2014/07/15/ten-thousand-survivors-of-the-black-saturday-bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-february-2009-win-a-settlement-of-a-497-4-mill.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Victoria_
3. [2013-14 Australian bushfire season:Bushfires continue to burn in the state of Victoria with at least 34 houses lost. ](/news/2014/02/11/2013a14-australian-bushfire-season-pbushfires-continue-to-burn-in-the-state-of-victoria-with-at-least-34-houses-lost.md) _Context: 2013–14 Australian bushfire season, Victoria_
4. [The report of the Victorian Bushfires Royal Commission into the Black Saturday bushfires that killed 173 people in Victoria, Australia, is tabled in the Parliament of Victoria. It contains 67 recommendations including changes to evacuation policy and an increase in backburning. ](/news/2010/07/31/the-report-of-the-victorian-bushfires-royal-commission-into-the-black-saturday-bushfires-that-killed-173-people-in-victoria-australia-is-t.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Victoria_
5. [ 2009 Southeastern Australia heat wave continues: Bushfires in Victoria kill at 173 people. ](/news/2009/02/7/2009-southeastern-australia-heat-wave-continues-p-bushfires-in-victoria-kill-at-173-people.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Victoria_
6. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Victoria_
7. [Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addington-northwest-of-ballarat-as-well-as-th.md) _Context: Victoria_
8. [A bushfire in Victoria state  has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek.  The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River.  A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley.  No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-homes-in-wye-river-and-18-at-separatio.md) _Context: Victoria_
9. [A bomb threat on Tigerair Flight 539 at Melbourne Airport, Victoria, Australia, causes disruptions for passengers and airlines throughout the airport. ](/news/2015/01/10/a-bomb-threat-on-tigerair-flight-539-at-melbourne-airport-victoria-australia-causes-disruptions-for-passengers-and-airlines-throughout-th.md) _Context: Victoria_
10. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Victoria_
