### [2014-02-9](/news/2014/02/9/index.md)

# Research from the "Science Translational Medicine" suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. 

High doses of vitamin C can boost the cancer-killing effect of chemotherapy, according to new research.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-26038460)

### Related:

1. [American International Group CEO Robert Benmosche has cancer, the company said, and he is receiving "aggressive chemotherapy," but his prognosis is not clear. ](/news/2010/10/25/american-international-group-ceo-robert-benmosche-has-cancer-the-company-said-and-he-is-receiving-aggressive-chemotherapy-but-his-progn.md) _Context: cancer, chemotherapy_
2. [Because of a nationwide shortage of intravenous sodium bicarbonate (i.e., baking soda solution), United States hospitals are rationing its use in heart surgery, chemotherapy, for patients whose blood is too acidic, and as an antidote to certain poisons. The two primary producers, Amphastar and Pfizer, indicate that supplies will not increase until late June. ](/news/2017/05/22/because-of-a-nationwide-shortage-of-intravenous-sodium-bicarbonate-i-e-baking-soda-solution-united-states-hospitals-are-rationing-its-u.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
3. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences - including the negative ones - of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
6. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [After a two-year research project conducted by scientists at the National Chemistry Institute of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Vietnam becomes the world's tenth country to successfully apply nanotechnology to produce nano curcumin, a substance that can help treat cancer. ](/news/2013/10/31/after-a-two-year-research-project-conducted-by-scientists-at-the-national-chemistry-institute-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technolo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [American Pulitzer Prize-winning film reviewer Roger Ebert dies at the age of 70 following a battle with cancer which initially cost him his voice. ](/news/2013/04/4/american-pulitzer-prize-winning-film-reviewer-roger-ebert-dies-at-the-age-of-70-following-a-battle-with-cancer-which-initially-cost-him-his.md) _Context: cancer_
