### [2003-08-12](/news/2003/08/12/index.md)

#  Microsoft has decided to appeal a verdict to pay $520.6 million from a Chicago federal jury that affirms the Internet Explorer web browser violated Intellectual Property rights of Eolas Technologies (concerning Patent US 5838906).




### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court upholds a 2009 jury verdict in a patent dispute at the expense of software giant Microsoft in favor of Canadian company i4i. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-u-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-2009-jury-verdict-in-a-patent-dispute-at-the-expense-of-software-giant-microsoft-in-favor-of-canadian-compa.md) _Context: Microsoft, jury, patent_
2. [The German government asks its citizens to stop using Microsoft's web browser Internet Explorer to protect their own security. ](/news/2010/01/16/the-german-government-asks-its-citizens-to-stop-using-microsoft-s-web-browser-internet-explorer-to-protect-their-own-security.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft, web browser_
3. [ U.S. Patent and Trademark Office invalidates patent claim to Web browser technology central to a case by Eolas against Microsoft. ](/news/2004/03/5/u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-invalidates-patent-claim-to-web-browser-technology-central-to-a-case-by-eolas-against-microsoft.md) _Context: Microsoft, patent, web browser_
4. [Microsoft announces a major vulnerability in Internet Explorer versions 6 to 11 that could enable hackers to gain access and user rights to its customers' computers. ](/news/2014/04/28/microsoft-announces-a-major-vulnerability-in-internet-explorer-versions-6-to-11-that-could-enable-hackers-to-gain-access-and-user-rights-to.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
5. [Smartphone wars: Microsoft wins a much-watched lawsuit, with a federal judge finding that Motorola had breached agreements about the licensing of its patents. ](/news/2013/09/5/smartphone-wars-microsoft-wins-a-much-watched-lawsuit-with-a-federal-judge-finding-that-motorola-had-breached-agreements-about-the-licensi.md) _Context: Microsoft, patent_
6. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft issues a patch for a serious security hole in Internet Explorer 6 after France and Germany advised their citizens to change browsers. ](/news/2010/01/20/microsoft-issues-a-patch-for-a-serious-security-hole-in-internet-explorer-6-after-france-and-germany-advised-their-citizens-to-change-browse.md) _Context: Microsoft, web browser_
8. [ Microsoft announces its intentions to release Internet Explorer version 7.0. This is seen by some as a response to the growing popularity of the Mozilla Firefox browser. ](/news/2005/02/15/microsoft-announces-its-intentions-to-release-internet-explorer-version-7-0-this-is-seen-by-some-as-a-response-to-the-growing-popularity-o.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
9. [ Email virus: Email users are swamped by a new fast-spreading computer virus circulating through email that purports to be security software from Microsoft, but actually tries to disable security programs that are already running. The worm, dubbed "Swen" or "Gibe", takes advantage of a two-year-old hole in Internet Explorer and affects systems that have not installed a patch for that security hole.](/news/2003/09/19/email-virus-email-users-are-swamped-by-a-new-fast-spreading-computer-virus-circulating-through-email-that-purports-to-be-security-software.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
10. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
