### [2003-08-12](/news/2003/08/12/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The Associated Press is reporting that troops in Iraq should expect to serve for at least a year according to the commander of United States forces.




### Related:

1. [Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-historic-saint-elijah-s-monastery-near-the-iraqi-city-of-mosul-the-oldest-chri.md) _Context: Associated Press, Iraq_
2. [ A United States Army soldier kills five comrades at Camp Liberty in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/05/11/a-united-states-army-soldier-kills-five-comrades-at-camp-liberty-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
3. [ Two Iraqi soldiers and eight members of the Hawr Rajab Awakening Council are killed by al-Qaeda militants in Hawr Rajab. ](/news/2007/11/22/two-iraqi-soldiers-and-eight-members-of-the-hawr-rajab-awakening-council-are-killed-by-al-qaeda-militants-in-hawr-rajab.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
4. [ The U.S. military identifies Ahmed Qusai al-Taai, an Iraqi-American translator, as the U.S. soldier kidnapped at gunpoint in Iraq on October 23, 2006. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-u-s-military-identifies-ahmed-qusai-al-taai-an-iraqi-american-translator-as-the-u-s-soldier-kidnapped-at-gunpoint-in-iraq-on-octobe.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
5. [ The Associated Press claims that Bilal Hussein, an AP photographer and Iraqi citizen, has been held for five months in a United States military prison without charges against him. AP claims they tried to have Hussein released quietly, but when that failed, they went public. ](/news/2006/09/17/the-associated-press-claims-that-bilal-hussein-an-ap-photographer-and-iraqi-citizen-has-been-held-for-five-months-in-a-united-states-mili.md) _Context: Associated Press, Iraq_
6. [ Tony Blair makes a surprise visit to Basra in Iraq, to address 4,000 British soldiers and discuss withdrawal. He states that "we can eventually draw down our own capability" once the Iraqi forces "build up their own strength". ](/news/2005/12/22/tony-blair-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-basra-in-iraq-to-address-4-000-british-soldiers-and-discuss-withdrawal-he-states-that-we-can-eventu.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
7. [ Three British soldiers are found guilty of abusing Iraqi prisoners; more British soldiers face the possibility of conviction. ](/news/2005/02/23/three-british-soldiers-are-found-guilty-of-abusing-iraqi-prisoners-more-british-soldiers-face-the-possibility-of-conviction.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
8. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
9. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Three US soldiers are killed while guarding a Baquouba children's hospital northeast of Baghdad, Iraq bringing the number of US troops killed in combat to 161, 14 more than the 1991 Gulf War total.](/news/2003/07/26/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-three-us-soldiers-are-killed-while-guarding-a-baquouba-children-s-hospital-northeast-of-baghdad-iraq-bringing.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
