### [2003-08-12](/news/2003/08/12/index.md)

#  The remains of a viking warrior are found at a building site in Dublin. The warrior had been stabbed to death during a 9th-century Viking raid on "Dubhlinn monastery". The dagger was still attached to his body when his remains were found. The archaeological dig is expected to continue at the site for six months.




### Related:

1. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Dublin_
2. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Dublin_
3. [Archaeologists announce the discovery of a 2,400-year-old tomb which they believe to be that of Aristotle based on its grandiosity, and its location atop a hill in Stagira, the city of his birth. ](/news/2016/05/26/archaeologists-announce-the-discovery-of-a-2-400-year-old-tomb-which-they-believe-to-be-that-of-aristotle-based-on-its-grandiosity-and-its.md) _Context: Archaeologists_
4. [Archaeologists in Taiwan discover 48 sets of remains unearthed in graves in Taichung. The most striking discovery among them is the 4,800-year-old skeleton of a mother looking down at a child cradled in her arms. ](/news/2016/04/27/archaeologists-in-taiwan-discover-48-sets-of-remains-unearthed-in-graves-in-taichung-the-most-striking-discovery-among-them-is-the-4-800-ye.md) _Context: Archaeologists_
5. [Archaeologists claim to have discovered a probable Viking settlement in North America on Newfoundland's Point Rosee. ](/news/2016/04/2/archaeologists-claim-to-have-discovered-a-probable-viking-settlement-in-north-america-on-newfoundland-s-point-rosee.md) _Context: Viking_
6. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin_
7. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio JoGBPo Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joagbpo-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dea.md) _Context: Dublin_
8. [New research by a team of British archaeologists, published in the current issue of the journal "Antiquity", revives an older theory of Herbert Henry Thomas that Stonehenge may have stood in Wales hundreds of years before it was dismantled and transported to Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire in South West England. ](/news/2015/12/8/new-research-by-a-team-of-british-archaeologists-published-in-the-current-issue-of-the-journal-antiquity-revives-an-older-theory-of-herb.md) _Context: Archaeologists_
9. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: Archaeologists_
10. [At least eight people have died in a major fire at a halting site for Irish travellers in the south of Dublin. ](/news/2015/10/10/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-a-major-fire-at-a-halting-site-for-irish-travellers-in-the-south-of-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin_
