### [2016-10-17](/news/2016/10/17/index.md)

# 2016 Pacific typhoon season: Floods in Central Vietnam, triggered by Typhoon Sarika's heavy rains, kill at least 24 people with 4 others missing. Sarika has killed at least two people and displaced more than 150,000 in the Philippines. 

HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — Floods triggered by heavy rains have killed 24 people and left four others missing in central Vietnam, disaster officials said Monday, as Typhoon Sarika approaches after leaving at least two people…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/7831c9c0c1ba4be7b88a27322716c227/floods-kill-24-vietnam-typhoon-sarika-looms)

### Related:

1. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Sarika (Karen) arrives at Luzon, Philippines, with the storm's future direction predicted to be toward Vietnam. ](/news/2016/10/15/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-sarika-karen-arrives-at-luzon-philippines-with-the-storm-s-future-direction-predicted-to-be-toward.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Sarika_
2. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Nock-ten (Nina) strikes the Philippines. ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-nock-ten-nina-strikes-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
3. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila announces the cancellation of 20 flights due to bad weather in the Philippines caused by Tropical Storm Marce. ](/news/2016/11/25/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-ninoy-aquino-international-airport-in-manila-announces-the-cancellation-of-20-flights-due-to-bad-weather-in-the.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
4. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
5. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll in Vietnam, from Typhoon Sarika, rises to at least 31 people. ](/news/2016/10/18/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-in-vietnam-from-typhoon-sarika-rises-to-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Typhoon Sarika_
6. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Earthquakes in 2017: Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
