### [2016-10-17](/news/2016/10/17/index.md)

# American conservative undercover video producer James O'Keefe releases a series of videos allegedly showing conversations with, among others, Scott Foval, the former national field director of Americans United for Change, speaking about his hiring of people to sabotage rallies for Donald Trump by staging fights in them in a process Foval called "bird dogging". 

Hillary Clinton haters find vindication — but no moral high-ground — in Project Veritas undercover investigation VIDEO 


### Source:

1. [Salon](http://www.salon.com/2016/10/18/james-okeefe-releases-another-project-veritas-video-claiming-hillary-clinton-campaign-is-bird-dogging/)

### Related:

1. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order re-establishing the National Space Council, which was disbanded in 1993. ](/news/2017/06/30/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-an-executive-order-re-establishing-the-national-space-council-which-was-disbanded-in-1993.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
3. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
4. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
5. [United States President Donald Trump approves the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2017/03/24/united-states-president-donald-trump-approves-the-controversial-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
6. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
7. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
9. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump is named Time Person of the Year. ](/news/2016/12/7/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-is-named-time-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
10. [ After a meeting with President-elect of the United States Donald Trump, Masayoshi Son of SoftBank Group pledges to invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 jobs. ](/news/2016/12/6/after-a-meeting-with-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-masayoshi-son-of-softbank-group-pledges-to-invest-50-billion-in-th.md) _Context: President Trump, U.S._
