### [2016-10-17](/news/2016/10/17/index.md)

# Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. 

Dozens of people were killed in heavy fighting after rebels said they would try to seize control of the town.


### Source:

1. [The Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-wp-blm-ssudan-a04f7036-9460-11e6-9cae-2a3574e296a6-20161017-story.html)
2. [The Wire](http://thewire.in/73513/fighting-around-south-sudan-town-malakal-kills-56/)

### Related:

1. [Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government-of-interfering-in-the-cour.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
2. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
4. [U.S. Special Envoy to South Sudan Donald E. Booth said that the United States would consider imposing sanctions or an arms embargo on South Sudan's leaders if they fail to form and cooperate in a proposed unity government to end the country's civil war. ](/news/2016/04/28/u-s-special-envoy-to-south-sudan-donald-e-booth-said-that-the-united-states-would-consider-imposing-sanctions-or-an-arms-embargo-on-south.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [A new United Nations report on South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-world-in-particular-by-gover.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-obasanjo-describes-atrocitie.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [Fighting resumes in South Sudan after the failure to reach a deal between tribes loyal to the president and tribes loyal to the former vice-president. ](/news/2015/08/19/fighting-resumes-in-south-sudan-after-the-failure-to-reach-a-deal-between-tribes-loyal-to-the-president-and-tribes-loyal-to-the-former-vice.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
8. [Fifteen young children die of "severe sepsis/toxicity" from contaminated vaccine during South Sudan's measles vaccination campaign. In one instance, a syringe containing vaccine stored without refrigeration was used for all the children over four days. ](/news/2017/06/2/fifteen-young-children-die-of-severe-sepsis-toxicity-from-contaminated-vaccine-during-south-sudan-s-measles-vaccination-campaign-in-one-i.md) _Context: South Sudan_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: South Sudan_
10. [At least 16 people are killed amid fresh fighting in Raga, according to a SPLM-IO spokesperson. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said that over 60 humanitarian aid workers were forced to flee. ](/news/2017/04/15/at-least-16-people-are-killed-amid-fresh-fighting-in-raga-according-to-a-splm-io-spokesperson-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordinati.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
