### [2016-10-17](/news/2016/10/17/index.md)

# Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. 

Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has announced the start of an offensive aimed at retaking the city of Mosul from Islamic State militants, who have stamped out its rich mix of ethnic and religious cultures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-mosul-start-idUSKBN12G0Z1?il=0)
2. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-mosul-factbox-idUSKBN12G10K?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake-the-militant-held.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-were-defeated.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
4. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-of-the-great-mosqu.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famously-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-cal.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [ United Nations Human Rights Council spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani says ISIL militants killed 40 former Iraqi Security Forces members and threw their bodies  in the Tigris river  near Mosul on Saturday. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-nations-human-rights-council-spokeswoman-ravina-shamdasani-says-isil-militants-killed-40-former-iraqi-security-forces-members-and-th.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [   The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
8. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executes at least 284 people in Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/22/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executes-at-least-284-people-in-mosul.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head  reports  the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured-iraqi-prime-minister-hai.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
