### [2016-10-17](/news/2016/10/17/index.md)

# The European Union condemns Russia's air campaign in Syria, saying it may be guilty of war crimes, and it vowed to impose more sanctions on President Bashar al-Assad's government. The bloc's 28 foreign ministers sought to show their anger at the Russian-backed campaign, which has killed several hundred people including dozens of children since the collapse of a truce brokered by Russia and the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-eu-idUSKBN12G103)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:The European Union is criticized by Amnesty International for meager assistance of Syrian refugees. ](/news/2013/12/13/syrian-civil-war-pthe-european-union-is-criticized-by-amnesty-international-for-meager-assistance-of-syrian-refugees.md) _Context: European Union, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War:The European Union lifts its ban against arming Syrian rebels as full consensus among its 27 member states to extend the current embargo could not be reached. ](/news/2013/05/27/syrian-civil-war-pthe-european-union-lifts-its-ban-against-arming-syrian-rebels-as-full-consensus-among-its-27-member-states-to-extend-the-c.md) _Context: European Union, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The European Union lifts an oil trade embargo it imposed on Syria during the early stages of the civil war to help the finances of the opposition. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-european-union-lifts-an-oil-trade-embargo-it-imposed-on-syria-during-the-early-stages-of-the-civil-war-to-help-the-finances-of-the-oppos.md) _Context: European Union, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war:Ahmad Shihadeh, a member of the European Union's delegation in Syria, is killed in a rocket attack in a Damascus suburb. ](/news/2013/03/13/syrian-civil-war-pahmad-shihadeh-a-member-of-the-european-union-s-delegation-in-syria-is-killed-in-a-rocket-attack-in-a-damascus-suburb.md) _Context: European Union, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pro-government-towns-of-al-fu-ah-and-kafriya-over-10.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
