### [2005-11-29](/news/2005/11/29/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election, 2006 - Canadian Governor General Michalle Jean formally dissolves Parliament, following Prime Minister Paul Martin's loss of a confidence vote, and calls a federal election for January 23, 2006. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&call_pageid=971358637177&c=Article&cid=1133219410173)

### Related:

1. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
2. [The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal rules against the Conservative Party of Canada on ad spending prior to the Canadian federal election, 2006, while the Harper government reaches 43% support and announces cuts to the budget. ](/news/2011/03/1/the-canadian-federal-court-of-appeal-rules-against-the-conservative-party-of-canada-on-ad-spending-prior-to-the-canadian-federal-election-2.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian federal election, 2006_
3. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canada, Paul Martin_
4. [ Canadian New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton withdraws his support to the minority government of Prime Minister Paul Martin. This decision might set a confidence vote in the next week. ](/news/2005/11/7/canadian-new-democratic-party-leader-jack-layton-withdraws-his-support-to-the-minority-government-of-prime-minister-paul-martin-this-decis.md) _Context: Canada, Paul Martin_
5. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. [http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/28/noconfidencevote051128.html (CBC)].](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
6. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin_
7. [ Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe and Jack Layton, leaders of Canada's three parliamentary opposition parties, issue a joint ultimatum calling for the next Canadian federal election to be moved forward to early February from the April date favoured by the government. They threaten to pass a motion of non-confidence and force an election at Christmas if Paul Martin's Liberal government does not accede to the move in writing. Martin rejects their proposal. ](/news/2005/11/13/stephen-harper-gilles-duceppe-and-jack-layton-leaders-of-canada-s-three-parliamentary-opposition-parties-issue-a-joint-ultimatum-calling.md) _Context: Canada, Paul Martin_
8. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, Paul Martin_
9. [ Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin will announce on Thursday that Michalle Jean has been chosen to succeed Adrienne Clarkson as Governor General of Canada. ](/news/2005/08/3/prime-minister-of-canada-paul-martin-will-announce-on-thursday-that-michaelle-jean-has-been-chosen-to-succeed-adrienne-clarkson-as-governor.md) _Context: Michalle Jean, Paul Martin_
10. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has set May 19 for a vote in the House of Commons on the federal budget. He said if his government loses the vote of confidence, he will seek the dissolution of Parliament. This means an election could come as early as June 27. ](/news/2005/05/11/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-has-set-may-19-for-a-vote-in-the-house-of-commons-on-the-federal-budget-he-said-if-his-government-lose.md) _Context: Canada, Paul Martin_
