### [2005-11-29](/news/2005/11/29/index.md)

#  Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, a top aide to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, accused Vice-President Dick Cheney of ignoring a decision by President Bush on the treatment of prisoners in the war on terror. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4480638.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush, U.S. Vice President_
2. [ More than 400,000 demonstrators march in New York City, protesting U.S. President George W. Bush and the policies of the Republican Party on the eve of the 2004 Republican National Convention. Republican delegates and politicians, including Vice President Dick Cheney, also begin to arrive in the city. ](/news/2004/08/29/more-than-400-000-demonstrators-march-in-new-york-city-protesting-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-the-policies-of-the-republican-party-o.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush, U.S. Vice President_
3. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney admits he has received a small heart pump to combat "increasing congestive heart failure". ](/news/2010/07/15/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-admits-he-has-received-a-small-heart-pump-to-combat-increasing-congestive-heart-fail.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
4. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, who has a long history of heart problems, is hospitalized. ](/news/2010/06/26/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-who-has-a-long-history-of-heart-problems-is-hospitalized.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
5. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
6. [ The Vice-President of the United States Dick Cheney makes an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to hold discussions with the President of Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/03/20/the-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-afghanistan-to-hold-discussions-with-the-president-of-afg.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
7. [ United States Vice President Dick Cheney visits Baghdad, three days before the fifth anniversary of the 2003 invasion. ](/news/2008/03/17/united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-visits-baghdad-three-days-before-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2003-invasion.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
8. [ A fire breaks out at the Old Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C., which houses ceremonial offices of Vice President Dick Cheney and the majority of White House staff. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2007/12/19/a-fire-breaks-out-at-the-old-executive-office-building-in-washington-d-c-which-houses-ceremonial-offices-of-vice-president-dick-cheney-a.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
9. [ Speaking at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, United States Vice President Dick Cheney states: "The United States joins other nations in sending a clear message - we will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon." ](/news/2007/10/21/speaking-at-the-washington-institute-for-near-east-policy-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-states-the-united-states-joins-other.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
10. [ United States v. Libby: I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Jr., former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, is sentenced to 30 months in prison after being convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice in the CIA leak grand jury investigation. ](/news/2007/06/5/united-states-v-libby-i-lewis-scooter-libby-jr-former-chief-of-staff-to-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-sentenced-to-30-months-in-pr.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
