### [2005-11-29](/news/2005/11/29/index.md)

#  Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/investing/financeArticle.aspx?type=bondsNews&storyID=2005-11-29T220333Z_01_N29339026_RTRIDST_0_CRIME-VIRGINIA-EXECUTION-UPDATE-1.XML)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]. Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.. Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.. Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
2. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States, Virginia_
3. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: DNA, United States_
4. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage. The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
5. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Virginia_
6. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
7. [Felony disenfranchisement. In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office. ](/news/2016/04/22/felony-disenfranchisement-in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estim.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, United States_
8. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court-s injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-court-s-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States_
9. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
10. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror - shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
