### [2015-07-12](/news/2015/07/12/index.md)

# A suicide car bomb kills 25 people and wounds 10 in southeastern Afghanistan close to a U.S. base. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/12/us-afghanistan-attack-idUSKCN0PM0YS20150712)

### Related:

1. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [ A suicide car bomb explodes near the United States embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan, with at least one person dead. ](/news/2008/11/27/a-suicide-car-bomb-explodes-near-the-united-states-embassy-in-kabul-afghanistan-with-at-least-one-person-dead.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., car bomb_
7. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
