### [2015-07-12](/news/2015/07/12/index.md)

# An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. 

Following repeated denials that its members were complicit in Bush administration-era torture, leading group of psychologists faces a reckoning


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/law/2015/jul/10/us-torture-doctors-psychologists-apa-prosecution)

### Related:

1. [War on terror:Afghanistan: Insurgents kill four men including three soldiers in the Afghan Army in Paktia Province. ](/news/2012/08/24/war-on-terror-pafghanistan-insurgents-kill-four-men-including-three-soldiers-in-the-afghan-army-in-paktia-province.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), War on Terror_
2. [War on Terror:Afghanistan: John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces that the Government will withdraw forces from Afghanistan early in 2013. ](/news/2012/08/20/war-on-terror-pafghanistan-john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-that-the-government-will-withdraw-forces-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), War on Terror_
3. [Five prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed (a reported subject of torture by U.S. authorities), appear before a military judge. ](/news/2012/05/5/five-prisoners-of-the-united-states-at-guantanamo-bay-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-a-reported-subject-of-torture-by-u-s-authorities.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, torture_
4. [Research by Brown University finds the U.S. wars on Iraq and Afghanistan are expected to cost at least $3.2 trillion, and maybe as much as $4.4 trillion, higher than previously expected. ](/news/2011/06/29/research-by-brown-university-finds-the-u-s-wars-on-iraq-and-afghanistan-are-expected-to-cost-at-least-3-2-trillion-and-maybe-as-much-as.md) _Context: Iraq War, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [War on Terror:5 people, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, are to be put on trial by the United States military at the U.S.-operated Guantanamo Bay detention camp, it is announced. ](/news/2011/04/4/war-on-terror-p5-people-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-are-to-be-put-on-trial-by-the-united-states-military-at-the-u-s-operated-guantan.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, War on Terror_
6. [ Vice-President of the United States Dick Cheney arrives in Australia to discuss issues including Iraq, Afghanistan and the detention of David Hicks with the Australian government. Upon arrival he is greeted by violent demonstrations. ](/news/2007/02/22/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-arrives-in-australia-to-discuss-issues-including-iraq-afghanistan-and-the-detention-of-dav.md) _Context: Iraq War, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
8. [A Guantanamo military commission charges detainee Riduan Isamuddin for his roles in the 2002 Bali bombings and the 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing. The Pentagon is yet to decide whether to threaten capital punishment. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-guantanamo-military-commission-charges-detainee-riduan-isamuddin-for-his-roles-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-and-the-2003-marriott-hotel-bombi.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
9. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
10. [The Obama administration transfers 15 Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/08/15/the-obama-administration-transfers-15-guantanamo-bay-detainees-to-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
