### [2013-11-10](/news/2013/11/10/index.md)

# Greek Coast Guard intercepts a Sierra Leone-flagged cargo ship, "Nour M", with around 20,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles on board. The ship's Turkish captain and seven crew members were arrested. 

The Greek Coastguard has intercepted a Sierra Leone-flagged cargo ship with around 20,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles on board. The intended destination of the vessel, halted near the Imia islets in the eastern Aegean, remains unknown.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/greek-seize-ship-kalashnikov-503/)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/greece-stops-ship-carrying-20000-kalashnikov-guns-20131109-2x90x.html)

### Related:

1. [The Hellenic Coast Guard rescues 218 migrants off the coast of Greece who sailed illegally from Turkey making the total number of people arriving more than 1,500 in a week. ](/news/2015/05/28/the-hellenic-coast-guard-rescues-218-migrants-off-the-coast-of-greece-who-sailed-illegally-from-turkey-making-the-total-number-of-people-arr.md) _Context: Greek, Greek Coast Guard, Turkey_
2. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
4. [European migrant crisis: Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/european-migrant-crisis-greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
5. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
6. [European migrant crisis: NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/european-migrant-crisis-nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-s.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis: Almost 40 people are killed and 75 are rescued after a boat carrying migrants sinks between Turkey and Greece. ](/news/2016/01/30/european-migrant-crisis-almost-40-people-are-killed-and-75-are-rescued-after-a-boat-carrying-migrants-sinks-between-turkey-and-greece.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
8. [European migrant crisis: A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-co.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis: Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency reports 11 migrants, including three children, drowned, and the Turkish coast guard rescued seven Syrians from a capsized boat headed to the Greek island of Samos. ](/news/2015/12/22/european-migrant-crisis-turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-11-migrants-including-three-children-drowned-and-the-turkish-coast-gua.md) _Context: Greek, Turkey_
10. [European migrant crisis: The Greek coast guard and the European Union border agency Frontex, in six separate operations, rescue a total of 383 migrants attempting to sail from Turkey to the eastern Greek islands. ](/news/2015/11/7/european-migrant-crisis-the-greek-coast-guard-and-the-european-union-border-agency-frontex-in-six-separate-operations-rescue-a-total-of-3.md) _Context: Greek Coast Guard, Turkey_
