### [2012-04-8](/news/2012/04/8/index.md)

# The Internal Affairs Minister of Israel declares German poet and former Waffen-SS soldier Gunter Grass, recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature, a ''persona non grata'' in a row over his poem "What Must Be Said". 

Israeli and German politicians weigh in on uproar over Nobel laureate&#8217;s poem


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/interior-minister-declares-gunter-grass-persona-non-grata-in-israel-1.423239)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=265291)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/german-fm-grass-poem-is-absurd/)

### Related:

1. [German Health Minister Daniel Bahr tells ''Die Welt'' that the Israeli government's declaration of Gunter Grass as ''persona non grata'' in reaction to his poem "What Must Be Said" is "exaggerated". Meanwhile, a sculpture celebrating freedom of speech in Gottingen is daubed in red paint telling the recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature to "shut your mouth". ](/news/2012/04/9/german-health-minister-daniel-bahr-tells-die-welt-that-the-israeli-government-s-declaration-of-ga1-4nter-grass-as-persona-non-grata-in.md) _Context: Gunter Grass, Nobel Prize in Literature, What Must Be Said, persona non-grata_
2. [Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devoted-her-life-to-eradicat.md) _Context: German_
3. [German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition-for-a-parliamentary-vote.md) _Context: German_
4. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
5. [Per Wastberg, a member of the Swedish Academy, says that songwriter and artist Bob Dylan has not yet indicated whether he intends to accept the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/21/per-wa-stberg-a-member-of-the-swedish-academy-says-that-songwriter-and-artist-bob-dylan-has-not-yet-indicated-whether-he-intends-to-accept.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
6. [American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/13/american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-wins-the-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
7. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection.  The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: German_
8. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women,  seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are  being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-a.md) _Context: German_
9. [Belarusian author and journalist Svetlana Alexievich wins the 2015 Nobel Prize in Literature.  ](/news/2015/10/8/belarusian-author-and-journalist-svetlana-alexievich-wins-the-2015-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
10. [Bahrain recalls its ambassador to Iran and expels the Iranian acting ''charge d'affaires'' who is declared ''persona non-grata'', a day after Bahraini security forces discovered a large bomb-making factory in Nuwaidrat and arrested a number of suspects linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guards. Bahrain's decision to recall its ambassador comes "in light of continued Iranian meddling in the affairs of the kingdom of Bahrain in order to create sectarian strife and impose hegemony and control." ](/news/2015/10/1/bahrain-recalls-its-ambassador-to-iran-and-expels-the-iranian-acting-charga-c-d-affaires-who-is-declared-persona-non-grata-a-day-aft.md) _Context: persona non-grata_
