### [2012-04-8](/news/2012/04/8/index.md)

# Voters in South Ossetia go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election with ex-KGB officer Leonid Tibilov elected. 

News - Your daily dose of information: European and International latest breaking news, economic news, business news and more. Stay up to date with Euronews.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jGIIN3oOeDI5k62udMXCMPgrZD_g?docId=CNG.cf996c196adcad68ef31bfc0abf4d3a4.3a1)
2. [Reuters via Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/1475500-ex-kgb-man-wins-presidency-in-south-ossetia/)

### Related:

1. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Leonid Tibilov, South Ossetia_
2. [South Ossetian President Leonid Tibilov announces South Ossetia intends on holding a referendum on joining the Russian Federation. Tibilov said reuniting with Russia "is a century-long dream of the South Ossetian people". ](/news/2015/10/19/south-ossetian-president-leonid-tibilov-announces-south-ossetia-intends-on-holding-a-referendum-on-joining-the-russian-federation-tibilov-s.md) _Context: Leonid Tibilov, South Ossetia_
3. [Voters in the breakaway state of South Ossetia go to the polls for an election and a referendum. The referendum will ask voters if the country's official name should be changed to "Republic of South Ossetia-the State of Alania". ](/news/2017/04/9/voters-in-the-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-and-a-referendum-the-referendum-will-ask-voters-if-the-count.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
4. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: KGB_
5. [Georgia accuses Russia of cutting off its citizens from their farmland by installing border signposts demarcating the breakaway South Ossetia region, calling on Moscow to refrain from "escalation". ](/news/2015/08/11/georgia-accuses-russia-of-cutting-off-its-citizens-from-their-farmland-by-installing-border-signposts-demarcating-the-breakaway-south-osseti.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
6. [Georgia accuses Russia of violating its sovereignty by placing border markers on the edge of the South Ossetia region, leaving part of an international oil pipeline in territory under Russian control. The area was the site of the Russo-Georgian war in 2008. ](/news/2015/07/13/georgia-accuses-russia-of-violating-its-sovereignty-by-placing-border-markers-on-the-edge-of-the-south-ossetia-region-leaving-part-of-an-in.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
7. [The local KGB in Minsk arrests about 100 Ukrainian and 30 Belarusian soccer fans at a qualifying match between Ukraine and Belarus for the 2016 European Championship after they a sang the song, Putin-Huilo! (which roughly translates as "Putin is a dickhead!"). ](/news/2014/10/10/the-local-kgb-in-minsk-arrests-about-100-ukrainian-and-30-belarusian-soccer-fans-at-a-qualifying-match-between-ukraine-and-belarus-for-the-2.md) _Context: KGB_
8. [Tuvalu withdraws its recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia after re-establishing diplomatic relations with Georgia. ](/news/2014/03/31/tuvalu-withdraws-its-recognition-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-after-re-establishing-diplomatic-relations-with-georgia.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
9. [Voters in South Ossetia, a breakaway region of Georgia, go to the polls for a presidential election and a referendum. ](/news/2011/11/13/voters-in-south-ossetia-a-breakaway-region-of-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-and-a-referendum.md) _Context: South Ossetia_
10. [Quadriga is not to be awarded this year due to the backlash sustained by organisers for giving it to Prime Minister of Russia and former KGB spy chief Vladimir Putin. Among the upheaval Danish artist Olafur Eliasson gave back his award and Vaclav Havel was reported to be considering doing that too. ](/news/2011/07/16/quadriga-is-not-to-be-awarded-this-year-due-to-the-backlash-sustained-by-organisers-for-giving-it-to-prime-minister-of-russia-and-former-kgb.md) _Context: KGB_
