### [2004-11-9](/news/2004/11/9/index.md)

#  White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales has been announced by President George W. Bush as his nominee for United States Attorney General, succeeding John Ashcroft. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/10/bush.cabinet/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Michael B. Mukasey, a retired federal judge from New York, will be nominated to replace Alberto Gonzales as United States Attorney General and President Bush will announce his selection on Monday. ](/news/2007/09/16/michael-b-mukasey-a-retired-federal-judge-from-new-york-will-be-nominated-to-replace-alberto-gonzales-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Attorney General_
2. [ On the first day of the U.S. Supreme Court's fall term, President George W. Bush nominates White House Counsel Harriet Miers to fill the seat currently held by Sandra Day O'Connor. The nominee has no judicial experience. ](/news/2005/10/3/on-the-first-day-of-the-u-s-supreme-court-s-fall-term-president-george-w-bush-nominates-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-to-fill-the-se.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House Counsel_
3. [ U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that George W. Bush did not approve the torture of terrorist prisoners; he also reiterates his stance that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to al-Qaeda fighters. ](/news/2004/06/9/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-tells-the-senate-judiciary-committee-that-george-w-bush-did-not-approve-the-torture-of-terrorist-priso.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Ashcroft_
4. [ FBI Director Robert Mueller and United States Attorney General John Ashcroft state that Al Qaeda may be planning a terrorist strike over the coming months. Multiple FBI officials contend that there is no recent intelligence to suggest a significant change in the US's security situation, and critics question the validity and timing of the public warning.[http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/27/politics/27terror.html?th (NYT)] Seven people wanted for questioning are also named.](/news/2004/05/26/fbi-director-robert-mueller-and-united-states-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-state-that-al-qaeda-may-be-planning-a-terrorist-strike-over-th.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, United States Attorney General_
5. [ Citing "insufficient evidence", US Federal Judge Adalberto Jordan acquits environmental group Greenpeace on charges under the "sailormongering" statute. A record total of more than 100,000 people worldwide sent protest messages to George W. Bush and US Attorney General John Ashcroft demanding that the case be dropped. ](/news/2004/05/19/citing-insufficient-evidence-us-federal-judge-adalberto-jordan-acquits-environmental-group-greenpeace-on-charges-under-the-sailormonger.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Ashcroft_
6. [ University of South Florida computer engineering professor Dr. Sami Al-Arian was arrested by the FBI after he and seven others were indicted on 50 terrorism-related charges. United States Attorney General John Ashcroft alleged at a news conference that Al-Arian is the North American leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.](/news/2003/02/20/university-of-south-florida-computer-engineering-professor-dr-sami-al-arian-was-arrested-by-the-fbi-after-he-and-seven-others-were-indicte.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, United States Attorney General_
7. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
