### [2007-06-22](/news/2007/06/22/index.md)

#  2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: IDF soldiers near Hebron shoot an unarmed Palestinian, who later died. The IDF states that the man was trying to run through the gate; the soldiers yelled for him to halt, which he did not; they then shot the man. 

Troops shoot at Palestinian trying to approach IDF pillbox


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3416281,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
2. [ The Israeli Defense Force suspends a company for shooting an unarmed man in West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2007/07/27/the-israeli-defense-force-suspends-a-company-for-shooting-an-unarmed-man-in-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli soldier_
3. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, Palestinian_
4. [ An Israeli Border Policeman is wounded when a Palestinian man stabs him in the back of the neck near The Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. ](/news/2005/08/26/an-israeli-border-policeman-is-wounded-when-a-palestinian-man-stabs-him-in-the-back-of-the-neck-near-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-in-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The commander of the Israeli Defense Force, Moshe Yaalon, orders an investigation "to reach the truth" of claims by the Yediot Ahronot newspaper that IDF troops abused Palestinian corpses. ](/news/2004/11/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-commander-of-the-israeli-defense-force-moshe-yaalon-orders-an-investigation-to-reach-the-truth-of-cla.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, Palestinian_
6. [Five masked men armed with bats and chains attack Chris Brown and Kim Lamberty, members of Christian Peacemaker Teams outside the Israeli settlement of Ma'on in Hebron while the volunteers were escorting Palestinian children to school. CPT alleges the assaults are part of an ongoing pattern of intimidation by Israeli Settlers. ](/news/2004/09/29/five-masked-men-armed-with-bats-and-chains-attack-chris-brown-and-kim-lamberty-members-of-christian-peacemaker-teams-outside-the-israeli-se.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
9. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
10. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron_
