### [2004-04-7](/news/2004/04/7/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: Represented by the ACLU, New York State Assembly man Daniel O'Donnell and his partner and 12 other same sex couples file suit against the New York Department of Health to strike down a state law defining marriage as between "a man and a woman." 

Follow all the latest news on Long Island with Newsday. Read top local stories, watch video, and see pictures from all around Nassau and Suffolk counties.


### Source:

1. [365Gay.com](http://www.365gay.com/newscon04/04/040604nyMarry.htm)
2. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/news/local/wire/ny-bc-ny-brf--gaymarriage-l0406apr06,0,7932346.story?coll=ny-ap-regional-wire)
2. [Cover Image](https://www.newsday.com/img/blog-share-nd.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
2. [The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention-security-rules-negotiated-with-the-aclu-per-federal-district-judge-james-gwin.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
3. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
4. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
5. [ North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
6. [ The American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal file a federal lawsuit against a new North Carolina law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity, arguing the measure is discriminatory and threatens individuals' personal safety. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-american-civil-liberties-union-and-lambda-legal-file-a-federal-lawsuit-against-a-new-north-carolina-law-that-bars-transgender-people-fr.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
7. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
8. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
9. [The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denies Kim Davis' request to have same-sex marriage licenses delayed, but does not toss out her appeal entirely. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-denies-kim-davis-request-to-have-same-sex-marriage-licenses-delayed-but-does-not-toss-out.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [The U.S. Southern District of Alabama strikes down the state ban on same-sex marriage in Alabama, saying it has violated equal protection and due process rights. Alabama becomes the thirty-seventh state where such marriage is legalized. ](/news/2015/01/23/the-u-s-southern-district-of-alabama-strikes-down-the-state-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-in-alabama-saying-it-has-violated-equal-protection-an.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
