### [2004-10-15](/news/2004/10/15/index.md)

#  The United Nations chooses Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan, and Tanzania as the non-permanent members of the UN Security Council for its next two-year term, which begins in January 2005. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3748140.stm)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, United Nations_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Greek, Japan_
3. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
4. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
6. [Argentina, Australia, Luxembourg, Rwanda and South Korea join the UN Security Council. ](/news/2013/01/1/argentina-australia-luxembourg-rwanda-and-south-korea-join-the-un-security-council.md) _Context: Argentina, UN Security Council_
7. [Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/10/argentina-s-foreign-minister-ha-c-ctor-timerman-issues-a-formal-complaint-to-the-united-nations-about-british-militarisation-of-seas-around.md) _Context: Argentina, United Nations_
8. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
9. [A United Nations nuclear safety team looking into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster claims that Japan underestimated the potential threat of tsunamis to nuclear power plants. ](/news/2011/06/1/a-united-nations-nuclear-safety-team-looking-into-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-claims-that-japan-underestimated-the-potential-thre.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
10. [The Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), a major United Nations gathering, meets in Japan to work out why governments have failed to stop the rapid rate of extinction and loss of habitats by 2010, as they vowed 8 years ago. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-convention-on-biological-diversity-cbd-a-major-united-nations-gathering-meets-in-japan-to-work-out-why-governments-have-failed-to-st.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
