### [2007-05-18](/news/2007/05/18/index.md)

#  9 people are killed in a bomb blast at the Mecca Masjid mosque in the Indian city of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh. [http://www.rediff.com/news/2007/may/18blast.htm]




### Related:

1. [The United States and Australia issue travel warnings for India following the shooting of two Taiwanese tourists outside the Jama Masjid mosque in Delhi. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-warnings-for-india-following-the-shooting-of-two-taiwanese-tourists-outside-the-jama-masjid-mos.md) _Context: India, mosque_
2. [ Three people die and over a dozen are injured in riots after a dead pig is thrown into an under-construction mosque in Mysore, India. ](/news/2009/07/3/three-people-die-and-over-a-dozen-are-injured-in-riots-after-a-dead-pig-is-thrown-into-an-under-construction-mosque-in-mysore-india.md) _Context: India, mosque_
3. [ At least 15 dead and many injured when a flyover under construction at Panjagutta junction, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India collapsed. Wikinews](/news/2007/09/9/at-least-15-dead-and-many-injured-when-a-flyover-under-construction-at-panjagutta-junction-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-collapsed-wik.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
4. [ Pakistan and Bangladesh reject charges by India that terror outfits operating in their countries were behind the Hyderabad bomb blasts which killed 42 and injured over 60. ](/news/2007/08/27/pakistan-and-bangladesh-reject-charges-by-india-that-terror-outfits-operating-in-their-countries-were-behind-the-hyderabad-bomb-blasts-whic.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
5. [  Seven more unexploded bombs are found in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India a day after the bombings. ](/news/2007/08/26/seven-more-unexploded-bombs-are-found-in-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-a-day-after-the-bombings.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
6. [ Twin blasts panic people in Hyderabad, India. A gas cylinder explosion at a food mart kills 27, injures 50. Another blast at a park kills at least 14.](/news/2007/08/25/twin-blasts-panic-people-in-hyderabad-india-a-gas-cylinder-explosion-at-a-food-mart-kills-27-injures-50-another-blast-at-a-park-kills-a.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
