### [2013-01-12](/news/2013/01/12/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present):. One French soldier and 17 militants are killed in a failed attempt to free a French hostage in Bulo Marer, Somalia. 

A&#x20;French&#x20;soldier&#x20;was&#x20;killed&#x20;and&#x20;another&#x20;was&#x20;captured&#x20;in&#x20;a&#x20;failed&#x20;French&#x20;commando&#x20;raid&#x20;on&#x20;Saturday&#x20;to&#x20;rescue&#x20;French&#x20;hostage&#x20;Denis&#x20;Allex,&#x20;who&#x20;is&#x20;also&#x20;believed&#x20;to&#x20;have&#x20;died&#x20;in&#x20;the&#x20;operation,&#x20;according&#x20;to&#x20;the&#x20;French&#x20;Defence&#x20;Ministry.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20130112-france-forces-shebab-raid-somalia-militants-hostage)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present):. Militants belonging to Somali group al-Shabaab announce they have executed the French intelligence agent who was the target of the unsuccessful French rescue attempt on January 11. French officials believe the hostage was killed during the mission itself, and the group is using the incident to manipulate the media. ](/news/2013/01/17/war-in-somalia-2009-present-militants-belonging-to-somali-group-al-shabaab-announce-they-have-executed-the-french-intelligence-agent-w.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present), rescue attempt_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present). A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
3. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present). The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Al-Shabaab militants attack a remote AMISOM base in southern Somalia, claiming to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops. ](/news/2017/01/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-remote-amisom-base-in-southern-somalia-claiming-to-have-killed-dozens-of-ken.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present). An al-Shabaab suicide car bomb kills at least 20 people in the town of Galkayo in Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. ](/news/2016/08/21/war-in-somalia-2009-present-an-al-shabaab-suicide-car-bomb-kills-at-least-20-people-in-the-town-of-galkayo-in-somalia-s-semi-autonomous.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Al-Shabaab says it has killed at least 60 Ethiopian soldiers in an attack on a AMISOM base in central Somalia. ](/news/2016/06/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-says-it-has-killed-at-least-60-ethiopian-soldiers-in-an-attack-on-a-amisom-base-in-central-somal.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present). In a raid by Somali forces near Kismayo, at least 16 Al-Shabaab militants are killed, including the mastermind of the Garissa University College attack. ](/news/2016/06/2/war-in-somalia-2009-present-in-a-raid-by-somali-forces-near-kismayo-at-least-16-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-including-the-masterm.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present). At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-clai.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present). AMISOM soldiers kill four Somali civilians in the town of Bulla Marer, southwest of Mogadishu. The AU Mission said scared soldiers opened fire when the car the civilians were driving failed to stop at a roadblock. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-somalia-2009-present-amisom-soldiers-kill-four-somali-civilians-in-the-town-of-bulla-marer-southwest-of-mogadishu-the-au-missi.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
