### [2009-11-8](/news/2009/11/8/index.md)

#  Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, indicted by the International Criminal Court, cancels his trip to Turkey. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8349678.stm)
2. [Hurriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=a-muslim-can-never-commit-genocide-erdogan-defends-bashir-2009-11-08)
3. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=68&art_id=nw20091108223742660C694039)
4. [Sudan News Agency](http://www.sunanews.net/english-latest-news/6188-president-al-bashir-postpones-his-visit-to-turkey.html)

### Related:

1. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan, Sudan_
2. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan, Sudan_
3. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan, Sudan_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
5. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
6. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan_
7. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur. The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan_
8. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur. The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, President of Sudan_
9. [Sudanese protests (2011-present):. Police fire teargas to disperse thousands of demonstrators demanding the resignation of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir with the death toll of this week's unrest believed to have reached 50. ](/news/2013/09/27/sudanese-protests-2011-present-police-fire-teargas-to-disperse-thousands-of-demonstrators-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-omar.md) _Context: Omar Hassan al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
10. [Sudan frees seven political prisoners, a day after President Omar al-Bashir orders the release of all such detainees. ](/news/2013/04/2/sudan-frees-seven-political-prisoners-a-day-after-president-omar-al-bashir-orders-the-release-of-all-such-detainees.md) _Context: President of Sudan, Sudan_
