### [2005-11-23](/news/2005/11/23/index.md)

#  An explosion at a chemical factory on the Songhua River in northeastern China releases high levels of benzene into the river water.  Authorities shut off the water supply for the downstream city of Harbin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4462158.stm)

### Related:

1. [A series of explosions in an apartment building in Harbin, China, kills at least three people and injures dozens more. ](/news/2016/10/4/a-series-of-explosions-in-an-apartment-building-in-harbin-china-kills-at-least-three-people-and-injures-dozens-more.md) _Context: China, Harbin_
2. [ A second wave of pollutants from last year's toxic chemical spill in Jilin City, China, trapped in the frozen Amur and Songhua Rivers during the winter, is now being released by the spring thaw, affecting Khabarovsk and other settlements in the Russian Far East. ](/news/2006/05/1/a-second-wave-of-pollutants-from-last-year-s-toxic-chemical-spill-in-jilin-city-china-trapped-in-the-frozen-amur-and-songhua-rivers-durin.md) _Context: China, Songhua River_
3. [ Running water is restored to the city of Harbin, in Heilongjiang, China after several days of a water cut-off due to the toxic benzene spill. Yilan County, Heilongjiang, however, is still without running water. ](/news/2005/11/28/running-water-is-restored-to-the-city-of-harbin-in-heilongjiang-china-after-several-days-of-a-water-cut-off-due-to-the-toxic-benzene-spil.md) _Context: Harbin, benzene_
4. [ The city of Khabarovsk in Far Eastern Russia declares a state of emergency as the 80 km benzene slick released by an explosion in a Chinese chemical plant on 13 November, which has already caused water supplies for 4 million inhabitants of the Chinese city of Harbin to be suspended, approaches the Amur river which is the main water source for 1.5 million people in Russia. ](/news/2005/11/24/the-city-of-khabarovsk-in-far-eastern-russia-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-the-80-km-benzene-slick-released-by-an-explosion-in-a-chinese.md) _Context: Harbin, benzene_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
8. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
10. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: China_
