### [2005-11-23](/news/2005/11/23/index.md)

#  Israeli troops kill one Palestinian and Iyad Abu Rob, a suspected senior member of Islamic Jihad surrenders after a day-long siege, in the Palestinian refugee camp of Jenin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4465694.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/israel_west_bank;_ylt=AocYUme9kT5woKQPZGHHnZWs0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA2Z2szazkxBHNlYwN0bQ--)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Jenin_
2. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
3. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
4. [Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over-130-rockets-are-fired-toward.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
5. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
6. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
7. [An Islamic Jihad terrorist is killed when three men who approached an Israeli security fence from the Gaza Strip are fired upon by Israel Defense Forces tanks. ](/news/2010/10/27/an-islamic-jihad-terrorist-is-killed-when-three-men-who-approached-an-israeli-security-fence-from-the-gaza-strip-are-fired-upon-by-israel-de.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
8. [Three Palestinians said to be members of the Islamic Jihad group are killed in an Israeli air strike on the southern part of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/27/three-palestinians-said-to-be-members-of-the-islamic-jihad-group-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-the-southern-part-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
9. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [Israeli soldiers kill four heavily-armed Islamic Jihad gunmen sent to attack Israeli forces and believed to be planting explosives along the security fence with Gaza. ](/news/2010/04/13/israeli-soldiers-kill-four-heavily-armed-islamic-jihad-gunmen-sent-to-attack-israeli-forces-and-believed-to-be-planting-explosives-along-the.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
