### [2004-09-6](/news/2004/09/6/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3630966.stm)
2. [News Interactive](http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,10681861%255E401,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ A United States Marine Corps reservist is found guilty of killing an Iraqi soldier while they stood guard together in Fallujah. ](/news/2007/12/13/a-united-states-marine-corps-reservist-is-found-guilty-of-killing-an-iraqi-soldier-while-they-stood-guard-together-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, United States Marine Corps_
3. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, United States Marine Corps_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, United States Marine Corps_
6. [ A possible war crime by a U.S. Marine in Fallujah, Iraq, is caught on film by an NBC camera crew. The marine shot and killed an apparently unarmed Iraqi while in a mosque. ](/news/2004/11/16/a-possible-war-crime-by-a-u-s-marine-in-fallujah-iraq-is-caught-on-film-by-an-nbc-camera-crew-the-marine-shot-and-killed-an-apparently.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, United States Marine Corps_
7. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
8. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
9. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
10. [ Aides to rebel Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr report that he has been wounded in fighting in the holy city of Najaf; the government denies the reports. The Najaf offensive triggers pro-Sadr protests in cities all over Iraq. ](/news/2004/08/13/aides-to-rebel-iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-report-that-he-has-been-wounded-in-fighting-in-the-holy-city-of-najaf-the-government-deni.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
