### [2011-03-10](/news/2011/03/10/index.md)

# A Federal grand jury indicts eleven members of a firearms trafficking ring based in Columbus, New Mexico including the mayor and police chief. 




### Source:

1. [Las Cruces Sun News](http://www.lcsun-news.com/las_cruces-news/ci_17585264)

### Related:

1. [Protests erupt in New York City after a grand jury decides not to indict any police officers in the death of Garner. ](/news/2014/12/4/protests-erupt-in-new-york-city-after-a-grand-jury-decides-not-to-indict-any-police-officers-in-the-death-of-garner.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
2. [ Major League Baseball player Barry Bonds is indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco for perjury and obstruction of justice, having allegedly lied under oath about his use of steroids. ](/news/2007/11/15/major-league-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-in-san-francisco-for-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice-havin.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
3. [ A federal grand jury in Providence, Rhode Island indicts Richard Hatch, winner of "Survivor: Pulau Tiga", for income tax evasion and fraud for allegedly failing to pay taxes on his winnings and misusing charity funds. ](/news/2005/09/9/a-federal-grand-jury-in-providence-rhode-island-indicts-richard-hatch-winner-of-survivor-pulau-tiga-for-income-tax-evasion-and-fraud.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
4. [ Three members of Texans for a Republican Majority, a political action committee founded by Tom DeLay, Majority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, are indicted by a grand jury in Travis County, Texas, on charges of money laundering and accepting illegal campaign contributions. ](/news/2004/09/21/three-members-of-texans-for-a-republican-majority-a-political-action-committee-founded-by-tom-delay-majority-leader-of-the-u-s-house-of.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
5. [ Martha Stewart is indicted by a federal grand jury on nine criminal counts including securities fraud, obstruction of justice, and conspiracy in the U.S. government's investigation of her possible insider trading of ImClone Systems stock in December 2001. Just hours after this, she announces that she will quit as chairman and CEO of her company.](/news/2003/06/4/martha-stewart-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-on-nine-criminal-counts-including-securities-fraud-obstruction-of-justice-and-conspira.md) _Context: grand jury, indicted_
6. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: grand jury_
7. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
8. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: indicted_
9. [Volkswagen reaches a deal with the United States government that includes vehicle buybacks and cash compensation. ](/news/2016/04/21/volkswagen-reaches-a-deal-with-the-united-states-government-that-includes-vehicle-buybacks-and-cash-compensation.md) _Context: United States government_
10. [A grand jury in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania reports that hundreds of children were sexually abused by about 50 priests in the Altoona-Johnstown Diocese over four decades. ](/news/2016/03/1/a-grand-jury-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-reports-that-hundreds-of-children-were-sexually-abused-by-about-50-priests-in-the-altoona-joh.md) _Context: grand jury_
