### [2011-03-10](/news/2011/03/10/index.md)

# In the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, a Liberal Democrat member disclosed, with the protection of parliamentary privilege, the fact that the former chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has obtained an injunction banning the publication of information about him, even the simple identification of this individual, Fred Goodwin, as a banker. 

Sir Fred Goodwin, the former chief executive of the Royal Bank of Scotland, has obtained a super-injunction banning the publication of information about him, it has been disclosed on the floor of the House of Commons.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/8373535/Sir-Fred-Goodwin-former-RBS-chief-obtains-super-injunction.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Liberal Democrats_
2. [As part of the ongoing United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal, Liberal Democrat MP David Laws resigns from his position as Chief Secretary to the Treasury after it is revealed he used expenses to cover rent for a non-marital partner, a practice banned in 2006. ](/news/2010/05/29/as-part-of-the-ongoing-united-kingdom-parliamentary-expenses-scandal-liberal-democrat-mp-david-laws-resigns-from-his-position-as-chief-secr.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Liberal Democrats_
3. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
4. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
5. [The Royal Bank of Scotland announces that it will pay US$1.1 billion to resolve some of its mortgage claims in the United States. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-royal-bank-of-scotland-announces-that-it-will-pay-us-1-1-billion-to-resolve-some-of-its-mortgage-claims-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Royal Bank of Scotland_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
8. [West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
9. [The Government of the United Kingdom sells 5.4% of the Royal Bank of Scotland raising GBP2.1bn. ](/news/2015/08/4/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-sells-5-4-of-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-raising-gbp2-1bn.md) _Context: Royal Bank of Scotland_
10. [The Royal Bank of Scotland will fire 14,000 staff as they retreat from geographic positions in US and Asian markets. ](/news/2015/03/3/the-royal-bank-of-scotland-will-fire-14-000-staff-as-they-retreat-from-geographic-positions-in-us-and-asian-markets.md) _Context: Royal Bank of Scotland_
