### [2011-03-10](/news/2011/03/10/index.md)

# More than 30 people in and around the US city of Baltimore, Maryland, are arrested on drugs charges, including actress Felicia Pearson from television series ''The Wire''. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://voices.washingtonpost.com/local-breaking-news/the-wire-actress-arrested-in-d.html)

### Related:

1. [Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture.  The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-including-the-stonewall-jackson-and-robert-e-lee.md) _Context: Baltimore_
2. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: Baltimore_
3. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Baltimore_
4. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: Baltimore_
5. [Baltimore prosecutors drop all charges against the final three police officers with pending cases in the death of Freddie Gray. None of the six cases resulted in a conviction. ](/news/2016/07/27/baltimore-prosecutors-drop-all-charges-against-the-final-three-police-officers-with-pending-cases-in-the-death-of-freddie-gray-none-of-the.md) _Context: Baltimore_
6. [Baltimore police officer Caesar Goodson is cleared of all charges for the murder of Freddie Gray, a black detainee, on April 19, 2015. ](/news/2016/06/23/baltimore-police-officer-caesar-goodson-is-cleared-of-all-charges-for-the-murder-of-freddie-gray-a-black-detainee-on-april-19-2015.md) _Context: Baltimore_
7. [Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero  was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accused-of-second-degree-int.md) _Context: Baltimore_
8. [Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore's April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. ](/news/2016/05/12/maryland-state-elections-officials-decertify-the-results-of-baltimoreas-april-26-2016-primary-election-because-for-example-the-number.md) _Context: Baltimore_
9. [A helicopter crashes near Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland. However, no fatalities are reported. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-helicopter-crashes-near-baltimoreawashington-international-airport-in-baltimore-maryland-however-no-fatalities-are-reported.md) _Context: Baltimore_
10. [After the jury fails to reach a unanimous decision, a Baltimore, Maryland, judge declares a mistrial in the trial of police officer William Porter, the first officer to be charged in the death of Freddie Gray.  ](/news/2015/12/16/after-the-jury-fails-to-reach-a-unanimous-decision-a-baltimore-maryland-judge-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-trial-of-police-officer-william.md) _Context: Baltimore_
