### [2010-03-1](/news/2010/03/1/index.md)

# In response to the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Dubai's police chief states that travelers suspected of being Israeli will not be allowed into the United Arab Emirates even if they arrive with passports issued by other countries. 

&quot;The whole world wants Israeli hi-tech, agricultural and medical products, and that includes in the UAE.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iwVdaYpYsBz7wKRCUxpcqhtjr31AD9E5SSP83)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=170057)

### Related:

1. [Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/officials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who-has-been-linked-with-the.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, United Arab Emirates, the assassination_
2. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
3. [Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/12/poland-extradites-israeli-citizen-and-suspected-spy-uri-brodsky-to-germany-to-face-charges-of-being-involved-in-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mab.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
4. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
5. [Police in Dubai order an arrest warrant for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the head of Mossad in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/03/2/police-in-dubai-order-an-arrest-warrant-for-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-head-of-mossad-in-connection-with-the-assassin.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
6. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Developers announce their intention to build a new tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to surpass the Burj Khalifa as the tallest structure in the world. The project is expected to be roughly $1bn (GBP710m) and scheduled to be completed for the Dubai Expo trade fair in 2020. ](/news/2016/04/10/developers-announce-their-intention-to-build-a-new-tower-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-to-surpass-the-burj-khalifa-as-the-tallest-structur.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
8. [Israel will open a diplomatic mission to the International Renewable Energy Agency (Irena), the headquarters of which are located near the capital of the United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi. Israel will be the first Irena member to open such a mission; other member nations work Irena relations from their missions to the UAE, which Israel does not have. ](/news/2015/11/30/israel-will-open-a-diplomatic-mission-to-the-international-renewable-energy-agency-irena-the-headquarters-of-which-are-located-near-the-c.md) _Context: Israel, United Arab Emirates_
9. [The top of Dubai's Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest skyscraper, is lit up in the blue, white and red of the French flag, in tribute to France and those killed in the attacks in Paris. Other landmark buildings in the United Arab Emirates, including the sail-shaped Burj Al Arab building, also paid tribute. ](/news/2015/11/15/the-top-of-dubai-s-burj-khalifa-the-world-s-tallest-skyscraper-is-lit-up-in-the-blue-white-and-red-of-the-french-flag-in-tribute-to-fran.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
10. [An anti-piracy conference opens in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2011/04/18/an-anti-piracy-conference-opens-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
