### [2010-12-25](/news/2010/12/25/index.md)

# The director of an aid group working in Darfur is sentenced to one year in prison and fined on embezzlement charges after having been acquitted on the same charges earlier, in what as seen as an effort by the Sudanese government to silence Darfur human rights defenders and activists. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/12/25/AR2010122501157.html)

### Related:

1. [International mediators propose the establishment of a regional authority for Darfur, as a compromise between the Sudanese government and rebels' demands, in a diplomatic effort to respond to Sudanese President Bashir's order last week to withdraw the Sudanese government delegation from talks in Doha. ](/news/2011/01/2/international-mediators-propose-the-establishment-of-a-regional-authority-for-darfur-as-a-compromise-between-the-sudanese-government-and-re.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudanese government_
2. [Darfur rebel group, the Justice and Equality Movement, breaks off peace talks with the Sudanese government, accusing it of a renewing the conflict with a military offensive that has included airstrikes and ground attacks over the past week. ](/news/2010/05/3/darfur-rebel-group-the-justice-and-equality-movement-breaks-off-peace-talks-with-the-sudanese-government-accusing-it-of-a-renewing-the-co.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudanese government_
3. [The Justice and Equality Movement rebel group in Sudan's Darfur region signs a framework ceasefire agreement with the Sudanese government in N'Djamena. ](/news/2010/02/20/the-justice-and-equality-movement-rebel-group-in-sudan-s-darfur-region-signs-a-framework-ceasefire-agreement-with-the-sudanese-government-in.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudanese government_
4. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur_
5. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur_
6. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur_
7. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur_
8. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur_
9. [134 people are reported to have been killed in a new wave of violence between two rival tribes in Sudan's Darfur region. ](/news/2013/07/30/134-people-are-reported-to-have-been-killed-in-a-new-wave-of-violence-between-two-rival-tribes-in-sudan-s-darfur-region.md) _Context: Darfur_
10. [Tribal violence in Darfur, Sudan, kills at least 163 people and displaces 50,000 others. ](/news/2013/04/8/tribal-violence-in-darfur-sudan-kills-at-least-163-people-and-displaces-50-000-others.md) _Context: Darfur_
