### [2006-06-28](/news/2006/06/28/index.md)

#  Israel launches an offensive into the southern Gaza Strip, following aerial strikes on bridges and electric power installations. Meanwhile, four Israeli war planes fly over the palace of Syria's president Bashar Assad in Latakia, reportedly while he was at the palace. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/5123262.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/06/28/israel.soldier/index.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/731555.html)
4. [Reuters](http://go.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=12666001&src=rss/topNews)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects ultimatum to release all Palestinian female prisoners, prisoners under 18, and an additional 1,000 prisoners by 6 A.M. Tuesday, in exchange for information on its kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit. Defense Minister of Israel Amir Peretz calls Syrian President Bashar Assad to "open his eyes, because he is responsible". ](/news/2006/07/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-ultimatum-to-release-all-palestinian-female-prisoners-prisoners-und.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-op.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war:. Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/syrian-civil-war-israeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-miss.md) _Context: Israel, Latakia, Syria_
4. [21 nations, including the Presidents of Afghanistan, Russia and Syria, attending the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia summit in Istanbul condemn Israel's deadly raid on the Gaza-bound aid flotilla, while Israel, the 22nd participant with a lower-level diplomat, disagrees. ](/news/2010/06/8/21-nations-including-the-presidents-of-afghanistan-russia-and-syria-attending-the-conference-on-interaction-and-confidence-building-measu.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Syria_
5. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Syria_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains_
