### [2017-07-8](/news/2017/07/8/index.md)

# 2017 Venezuelan protests: Human rights in Venezuela: The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. 

Venezuela opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez was released from prison and placed under house arrest Saturday after more than three years in a military lockup


### Source:

1. [Andina](http://www.andina.com.pe/AGENCIA/noticia-leopoldo-lopez-bajo-arresto-domiciliario-grillete-electronico-674043.aspx)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-venezuela-opposition-house-arrest-20170708-story.html)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan protests: Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leo.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Popular Will, Supreme Tribunal_
2. [Crisis in Venezuela: Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez_
3. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
4. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests: At least three protesters are killed across the country amid clashes with police as a two-day national strike called by the opposition begins. ](/news/2017/07/27/2017-venezuelan-protests-at-least-three-protesters-are-killed-across-the-country-amid-clashes-with-police-as-a-two-day-national-strike-call.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
6. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Protesters march towards Venezuelan Supreme Court against what they feel is bias in favor of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/07/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-protesters-march-towards-venezuelan-supreme-court-against-what-they-feel-is-bias-in-favor-of-president-nicolas-mad.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal_
8. [2017 Venezuelan protests: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/2017-venezuelan-protests-2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
9. [2017 Venezuelan protests: The Supreme Court paves the way for the prosecution of Prosecutor General Luisa Ortega Diaz after she voiced criticism towards President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-supreme-court-paves-the-way-for-the-prosecution-of-prosecutor-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-after-she-voiced-crit.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
10. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: ongoing protests_
