### [2015-11-7](/news/2015/11/7/index.md)

#  A sudden noise immediately before  the "black box" flight data recorder went dark indicates the plane was brought down by a bomb, according to unnamed sources. Officially, Ayman el-Muqadem says the Egyptian investigative team is "considering all possible scenarios for the cause of the accident" and has not yet reached any conclusions. 

The Russian plane crash in Egypt was not due to technical failures, say French aviation officials, adding that the flight data recorder suggests a &quot;violent, sudden&quot; explosion.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34753464)
2. [The Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/russian-plane-black-box-recording-6782860)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/11/07/egypt-tourists-russian-plane-crash/75359338/)

### Related:

1. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility  shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268_
2. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268_
3. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268_
4. [As a temporary security measure, effective Saturday, Russia bans incoming flights by Egypt's state-owned airline,  EgyptAir, two weeks after an apparent terrorist bomb downed a Russian jet in the Sinai. ](/news/2015/11/13/as-a-temporary-security-measure-effective-saturday-russia-bans-incoming-flights-by-egypt-s-state-owned-airline-egyptair-two-weeks-after.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268_
5. [Tourism bookings in Egypt's main Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh plunge in the wake of the plane crash with some 80% of reservations cancelled and at least 40% of the tourists leaving the resort since the crash. ](/news/2015/11/11/tourism-bookings-in-egyptas-main-red-sea-resort-of-sharm-el-sheikh-plunge-in-the-wake-of-the-plane-crash-with-some-80-of-reservations-can.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268_
6. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
