### [2015-11-7](/news/2015/11/7/index.md)

#  In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. 

UNICEF and WHO collaborate in major bid to contain disease that risks spiralling in regional epidemic.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera English](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/launches-campaign-tackle-iraq-cholera-outbreak-151106142858671.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2015/11/6/d99d42fc6223409db837d434e2e41931_18.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in-haiti-at-risk-of-st.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
3. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: UNICEF, United Nations_
4. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
5. [The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. ](/news/2015/10/1/the-world-health-organization-who-recommends-everyone-diagnosed-with-hiv-immediately-receive-antiretroviral-therapy-and-recommends-prevent.md) _Context: United Nations, World Health Organization_
6. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
9. [Aid workers and the United Nations raise concerns about rising food prices and increased cholera in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy has killed at least 52 people. ](/news/2012/10/30/aid-workers-and-the-united-nations-raise-concerns-about-rising-food-prices-and-increased-cholera-in-haiti-where-hurricane-sandy-has-killed.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
10. [According to a study by a team of epidemiologists and physicians, evidence "strongly suggests" that United Nations peacekeepers brought a cholera strain to Haiti that has killed thousands of people. ](/news/2011/06/30/according-to-a-study-by-a-team-of-epidemiologists-and-physicians-evidence-strongly-suggests-that-united-nations-peacekeepers-brought-a-ch.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
