### [2015-11-7](/news/2015/11/7/index.md)

# The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities says infrared thermography indicates a hidden chamber in the tomb of King Tutankhamen, findings consistent with early theories his tomb included two concealed doorways and with the theory presented in archaeologist Nicholas Reeves' paper this summer. 

Infrared thermography indicates a hidden chamber in the tomb of King Tutankhamen, the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities said.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Science_News/2015/11/07/Infrared-scans-point-to-hidden-chamber-in-King-Tuts-tomb/4881446914226/?spt=mps&or=3)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/upi/4881446914226/2015/4/c6ea20ee28b38b41d69f0e568ced0b2f/v1.5/Infrared-scans-point-to-hidden-chamber-in-King-Tuts-tomb.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: Dr. Nicholas Reeves, Ministry of Antiquities, infrared_
2. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-eight-mummies-10-colorful-sarcophagi-and-numerous-figurines-in-a-3-500-yea.md) _Context: Egypt, Ministry of Antiquities_
3. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt_
4. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Egypt_
5. [ Militants ambush a police convoy in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killing 18 police and wounding seven others. ](/news/2017/09/11/militants-ambush-a-police-convoy-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-killing-18-police-and-wounding-seven-others.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
