### [2015-11-7](/news/2015/11/7/index.md)

# The University of Sydney's Australian Archaeological Mission, excavating at a UNESCO World Heritage Site on the southwest coast of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus, discover Cyprus's oldest theatre. Located in the ancient city of Nea Paphos (capital of Cyprus at the time), it is a Hellenistic-Roman structure believed to have been in use for about six and a half centuries, from c. 300 B.C. until its final destruction in the earthquakes of A.D. 365. The Roman columns are made of granite from quarries in Troad, Turkey. 




### Source:

1. [AFP, via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/archaeologists-uncover-2300-year-old-theatre-on-cyprus/ar-CC2Pvz?li=AAa0dzB&ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
2. [A 5.8-magnitude earthquake strikes in the Mediterranean Sea, 50 miles (80 kilometers) south southwest of Avsallar, Turkey. ](/news/2013/12/28/a-5-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-50-miles-80-kilometers-south-southwest-of-avsallar-turkey.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
3. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):The Syrian military shoots down a Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet after it had entered Syrian airpsace over the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2012/06/22/syrian-uprising-2011-present-pthe-syrian-military-shoots-down-a-turkish-f-4-phantom-fighter-jet-after-it-had-entered-syrian-airpsace-over.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
4. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-an.md) _Context: Cyprus, Turkey_
7. [ An Atlas Jet plane en route from Nicosia in Cyprus to Istanbul in Turkey is hijacked. Some passengers were freed while the plane refueled in Antalya in southern Turkey. All 142 people escape unhurt while the hijackers surrender. ](/news/2007/08/18/an-atlas-jet-plane-en-route-from-nicosia-in-cyprus-to-istanbul-in-turkey-is-hijacked-some-passengers-were-freed-while-the-plane-refueled-i.md) _Context: Cyprus, Turkey_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Media freedom in Turkey, Monitoring group Turkey Blocks reports that a provisional administrative order blocks access to all language editions of Wikipedia in Turkey. ](/news/2017/04/29/media-freedom-in-turkey-monitoring-group-turkey-blocks-reports-that-a-provisional-administrative-order-blocks-access-to-all-language-editio.md) _Context: Turkey_
