### [2015-06-29](/news/2015/06/29/index.md)

# A Palestinian woman was arrested after stabbing and seriously wounding a female IDF soldier at a checkpoint near Bethlehem. 

Police say security forces arrested Palestinian woman who approached checkpoint with knife and stabbed the soldier; last week, an Israeli border policeman was critically wounded in a stabbing attack at the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/.premium-1.663489)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-c.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-ref.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. ](/news/2015/10/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-the-israeli-military-evacuated-dozens-of-jewish-worshippers-who-were-surrounded-by-palestinians-after.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli security forces kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-pol.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel's military deploys new checkpoints in its Arab neighborhoods, as well as thousands of border police soldiers to cities and on roads to assist police forces in response to recent Palestinian stabbing attacks. ](/news/2015/10/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-military-deploys-new-checkpoints-in-its-arab-neighborhoods-as-well-as-thousands-of-border-police-s.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
