### [2015-06-29](/news/2015/06/29/index.md)

# Afghan Civil War:. According to witnesses who fled fighting in Nangarhar province, fighters loyal to Islamic State seize substantial territory in Afghanistan for the first time, wresting areas in the east from rival Taliban insurgents in a new threat to stability, scorching opium poppy fields that help to fund the Taliban's campaign to overthrow the Afghan government. 

Hundreds of insurgents pledging allegiance to Islamic State pushed out the Taliban.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/islamic-state-seizes-territory-afghanistan-threatens-stability-348083)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Taliban officials make an offer to protect national interests such as copper mines and an international gas pipeline to assist the development of Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/29/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-officials-make-an-offer-to-protect-national-interests-such-as-copper-mines-and-an-international.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
