### [2015-06-29](/news/2015/06/29/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the use of capital punishment by lethal injection involving midazolam. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/06/29/supreme-court-lethal-injection/28648145/)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, midazolam_
2. [ The United States Supreme Court upholds the constitutionality of lethal injection as a form of capital punishment over Eighth Amendment "cruel and unusual punishment" challenges. ](/news/2008/04/16/the-united-states-supreme-court-upholds-the-constitutionality-of-lethal-injection-as-a-form-of-capital-punishment-over-eighth-amendment-cr.md) _Context: death penalty, lethal injection_
3. [ The Supreme Court of the United States hears arguments on whether execution by lethal injection is a violation of the Constitution's ban on "cruel and unusual punishment." ](/news/2008/01/7/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-hears-arguments-on-whether-execution-by-lethal-injection-is-a-violation-of-the-constitution-s-ban-on.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, lethal injection_
4. [ U.S. Supreme Court, in its decision of ''Hill v. McDonough'', allows challenge of constitutionality of lethal injection. ](/news/2006/06/13/u-s-supreme-court-in-its-decision-of-hill-v-mcdonough-allows-challenge-of-constitutionality-of-lethal-injection.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, lethal injection_
5. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, death penalty_
6. [ Researchers from the University of Miami have published a study which claims that prisoners executed by lethal injection in the U.S. may have been aware of what was happening to them. ](/news/2005/04/14/researchers-from-the-university-of-miami-have-published-a-study-which-claims-that-prisoners-executed-by-lethal-injection-in-the-u-s-may-ha.md) _Context: death penalty, lethal injection_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Kenneth Williams is executed at the Cummins Unit, Arkansas, by injection of midazolam, marking the state's fourth execution within eight days before the drug passes its expiration date. ](/news/2017/04/27/kenneth-williams-is-executed-at-the-cummins-unit-arkansas-by-injection-of-midazolam-marking-the-state-s-fourth-execution-within-eight-day.md) _Context: midazolam_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
