### [2015-06-29](/news/2015/06/29/index.md)

# The United States Office of Personnel Management closes down its system for employee background checks following the theft of millions of records in a computer hacking incident suspected to be conducted by Chinese hackers. 

US Office of Personnel Management shuts down system for background checks in wake of hack - @ABC


### Source:

1. [Breaking News](http://www.breakingnews.com/item/2015/06/29/us-office-of-personnel-management-shuts-down-syste/)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
2. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the ''Washington Post'' claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: Office of Personnel Management, hackers_
3. [Swede Alex Yucel pleads guilty in the United States to distributing Blackshades software that was used to hack into 500,000 computers worldwide. ](/news/2015/02/18/swede-alex-yucel-pleads-guilty-in-the-united-states-to-distributing-blackshades-software-that-was-used-to-hack-into-500-000-computers-worldw.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
4. [China-United States relations:The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. ](/news/2014/05/19/chinaaunited-states-relations-pthe-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-five-chinese-military-officers-with-hacking-into-private-se.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
5. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
6. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
7. [Computer security company McAfee says hackers based in the People's Republic of China have targeted computer networks of global oil companies and individuals in Kazakhstan, Taiwan, Greece, and the United States, to steal information starting in 2009. ](/news/2011/02/11/computer-security-company-mcafee-says-hackers-based-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-have-targeted-computer-networks-of-global-oil-companie.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
8. [ ''The Wall Street Journal'' reports that cyber-spies have hacked the U.S. Joint Strike Fighter Program. ](/news/2009/04/21/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-cyber-spies-have-hacked-the-u-s-joint-strike-fighter-program.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
9. [ In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. ](/news/2008/07/30/in-the-united-kingdom-the-appellate-committee-of-the-house-of-lords-rejects-an-appeal-by-alleged-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-aga.md) _Context: U.S., hackers_
10. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
