### [2017-06-14](/news/2017/06/14/index.md)

# Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. 

Tim Farron has resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats, following a furore over his beliefs concerning gay sex. The politician admitted some of his comments concerning the matter could have been wiser – when asked if homosexuality is a sin he had previously responded: “We are all sinners.” After the matter refused to go away and surfaced again during the election campaign, Mr Farron said it had felt “impossible” to be both Lib Dem leader and a Christian.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tim-farron-resigns-liberal-democrats-leader-election-statement-announcement-a7790396.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Leader of the Liberal Democrats_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: All major parties suspend their campaigns following last night's terror attack in London. The general election, scheduled for June 8, is not expected to be postponed. ](/news/2017/06/4/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-all-major-parties-suspend-their-campaigns-following-last-night-s-terror-attack-in-london-the-general.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-a.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcom.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing: Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-th.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-all.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
