### [2017-06-14](/news/2017/06/14/index.md)

# Almost 200 members of the Democratic party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in federal court claiming that Mr. Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses.  This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/14/us/politics/democrats-in-congress-to-sue-trump-over-foreign-business-dealings.html)

### Related:

1. [The Maryland and the District of Columbia attorneys general plan to sue President Trump on Monday claiming he violated the emolument clauses in the Constitution by accepting foreign payouts for his hotelier empire. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-maryland-and-the-district-of-columbia-attorneys-general-plan-to-sue-president-trump-on-monday-claiming-he-violated-the-emolument-clauses.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump, emolument clauses_
2. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic party, Maryland_
3. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Democratic party, Maryland_
4. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic party, United States Congress_
5. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: District of Columbia, Maryland_
6. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: Democratic party, United States Congress_
7. [ American politician William J. Jefferson, former Democratic Party Congressman from the U.S. state of Louisiana, is sentenced to 13 years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2009/11/13/american-politician-william-j-jefferson-former-democratic-party-congressman-from-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-is-sentenced-to-13-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic party, United States Congress_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic party, Maryland_
9. [ While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". ](/news/2007/03/12/while-identifying-as-a-unitarian-representative-pete-stark-d-ca-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-congress-to-openly-acknowl.md) _Context: Democratic party, United States Congress_
10. [ Democratic Party officials in the U.S. Congress have warned President Bush that he does not have the authority to go to war with Iran. ](/news/2007/02/15/democratic-party-officials-in-the-u-s-congress-have-warned-president-bush-that-he-does-not-have-the-authority-to-go-to-war-with-iran.md) _Context: Democratic party, United States Congress_
