### [2017-06-14](/news/2017/06/14/index.md)

# Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the  Republic of Ireland. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/06/14/532916075/irelands-first-openly-gay-prime-minister-formally-takes-office)

### Related:

1. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Leo Varadkar, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach, gay_
2. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignation-to-president-michael-d-higgins-aft.md) _Context: Leo Varadkar, Taoiseach_
3. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
4. [After 15 years, the Mahon Tribunal into political corruption in Ireland concludes with findings against high-profile politicians, including two former Taoisigh. ](/news/2012/03/22/after-15-years-the-mahon-tribunal-into-political-corruption-in-ireland-concludes-with-findings-against-high-profile-politicians-including.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
6. [Former Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of the Republic of Ireland Garret FitzGerald dies in Dublin aged 85. ](/news/2011/05/19/former-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-the-republic-of-ireland-garret-fitzgerald-dies-in-dublin-aged-85.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
8. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
9. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
10. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen begins his state visit to the United States in Chicago, announcing to the world his scheme that will allow senior citizen tourists aged 66 and above to travel free on Iarnrod Eireann in the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/13/taoiseach-brian-cowen-begins-his-state-visit-to-the-united-states-in-chicago-announcing-to-the-world-his-scheme-that-will-allow-senior-citi.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
