### [2017-06-14](/news/2017/06/14/index.md)

# Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette charges five people, including the director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, with involuntary manslaughter for their roles in the Legionnaires' disease outbreak that led to 12 deaths. 

The investigation has now reached high-ranking state officials.


### Source:

1. [Detroit Free Press](http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/flint-water-crisis/2017/06/14/charges-flint-water-crisis-nick-lyon/395267001/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2017/06/14/top-michigan-health-official-charged-with-manslaughter-in-flint-water-crisis/?utm_term=.a7a397fa55a6)

### Related:

1. [Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette files criminal charges against six state employees in connection with the Flint water crisis. ](/news/2016/07/29/michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-files-criminal-charges-against-six-state-employees-in-connection-with-the-flint-water-crisis.md) _Context: Bill Schuette, Flint water crisis, Michigan Attorney General_
2. [According to government officials, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette tomorrow will announce criminal charges against two state regulators and a Flint employee in connection with the city's lead-tainted water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/19/according-to-government-officials-michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-tomorrow-will-announce-criminal-charges-against-two-state-regulat.md) _Context: Bill Schuette, Flint water crisis, Michigan Attorney General_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the city of Flint, Michigan, to be in a federal public health state of emergency due to an ongoing crisis that involves lead contamination (and possibly Legionella which has caused 87 cases of Legionnaires' disease which has led to 10 deaths) in its local water supply. ](/news/2016/01/16/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-city-of-flint-michigan-to-be-in-a-federal-public-health-state-of-emergency-due-to-an-ongoing-cris.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Legionnaires' disease_
4. [: The American city of Flint, Michigan switches its water source to the Flint River, beginning the ongoing Flint water crisis which has caused lead poisoning in up to 12,000 people, and 15 deaths from Legionnaires disease, ultimately leading to criminal indictments against 15 people, five of whom have been charged with involuntary manslaughter.](/news/2014/04/21/the-american-city-of-flint-michigan-switches-its-water-source-to-the-flint-river-beginning-the-ongoing-flint-water-crisis-which-has-caus.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Legionnaires' disease_
5. [A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in-home-filtration-to.md) _Context: Flint water crisis_
6. [The first criminal charges are laid against three people, two state officials and a municipal official, involved in the Flint water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-first-criminal-charges-are-laid-against-three-people-two-state-officials-and-a-municipal-official-involved-in-the-flint-water-crisis.md) _Context: Flint water crisis_
7. [ The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency extends the federal disaster declaration for Flint, Michigan, so water deliveries can continue through mid-August. ](/news/2016/03/26/the-u-s-federal-emergency-management-agency-extends-the-federal-disaster-declaration-for-flint-michigan-so-water-deliveries-can-continue.md) _Context: Flint water crisis_
8. [The U.S. state of Michigan asks for assistance from the federal government to assist with a water crisis in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-u-s-state-of-michigan-asks-for-assistance-from-the-federal-government-to-assist-with-a-water-crisis-in-the-city-of-flint.md) _Context: Flint water crisis_
9. [One of three people who contracted Legionnaires' disease in Hannibal, Missouri, dies, according to health officials. Hannibal is about 20 miles from Quincy, Illinois, where a Legionnaires' outbreak occurred earlier this year, contributing to 12 deaths and sickening dozens more. ](/news/2015/12/1/one-of-three-people-who-contracted-legionnaires-disease-in-hannibal-missouri-dies-according-to-health-officials-hannibal-is-about-20-mi.md) _Context: Legionnaires' disease_
10. [The death toll from a Legionnaires' disease outbreak at a Quincy, Illinois veterans home rises to at least seven with more than the current number of 32 sickened expected since the incubation period for illness can be up to two weeks. ](/news/2015/09/1/the-death-toll-from-a-legionnaires-disease-outbreak-at-a-quincy-illinois-veterans-home-rises-to-at-least-seven-with-more-than-the-current.md) _Context: Legionnaires' disease_
