### [2017-06-14](/news/2017/06/14/index.md)

# The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-egypt-saudi-islands-idUSKBN1951G4)

### Related:

1. [A top Egyptian court rules against giving away the two Red Sea islands of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/01/16/a-top-egyptian-court-rules-against-giving-away-the-two-red-sea-islands-of-tiran-and-sanafir-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations, Red Sea, Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
2. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations, Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
3. [An Egyptian Misdemeanor Court acquits 52 people charged with taking part in anti-government demonstrations in April.  Thousands rallied on April 25 to protest the transfer of Red Sea islands Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. Police arrested nearly 300 demonstrators; government reports indicate all have  been released from prison. ](/news/2016/06/14/an-egyptian-misdemeanor-court-acquits-52-people-charged-with-taking-part-in-anti-government-demonstrations-in-april-thousands-rallied-on-a.md) _Context: Red Sea, Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
4. [Egypt and Saudi Arabia reach an agreement on the disputed islands of Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, placing the formerly Egyptian-administered islands officially under Saudi Arabian sovereignty. ](/news/2016/04/9/egypt-and-saudi-arabia-reach-an-agreement-on-the-disputed-islands-of-tiran-island-and-sanafir-island-placing-the-formerly-egyptian-administ.md) _Context: Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations, Sanafir Island, Tiran Island_
5. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations, Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
6. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Air-strikes by Saudi helicopter gunships on the Yemeni village of Bani Zela in Yemen's Red Sea border area with Saudi Arabia kill at least 25 people. ](/news/2015/09/27/air-strikes-by-saudi-helicopter-gunships-on-the-yemeni-village-of-bani-zela-in-yemen-s-red-sea-border-area-with-saudi-arabia-kill-at-least-2.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: Saudi Arabia shuts its embassy and consulates in Egypt following protests over an Egyptian human rights lawyer Ahmed al-Gizawi being detained in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/28/egyptasaudi-arabia-relations-saudi-arabia-shuts-its-embassy-and-consulates-in-egypt-following-protests-over-an-egyptian-human-rights-lawy.md) _Context: Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations, Saudi Arabia_
9. [ The M/V al-Salam Boccaccio 98, a ferry carrying 1272 passengers and 105 crew, sinks in poor weather in the Red Sea while travelling between Saudi Arabia and Egypt. 314 people have been rescued so far. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-m-v-al-salam-boccaccio-98-a-ferry-carrying-1272-passengers-and-105-crew-sinks-in-poor-weather-in-the-red-sea-while-travelling-between.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
