### [2005-11-1](/news/2005/11/1/index.md)

#  2005 Paris riots continue for the fifth consecutive night, sparked by the death of two Muslim youths from electric shock. The controversy caused by police firing tear gas into a mosque on Sunday night led to families of the dead youths pulling out of a meeting with the French Minister of the Interior Nicolas Sarkozy. 




### Source:

1. [news24](http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1826915,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Further rioting occurs overnight in the Parisian suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois following the electrocutions of two teenagers, aged 15 and 17, and a third teenager suffering severe burns when they entered a substation whilst fleeing police. Rioters attacked police and journalists. Critics allege that the teenagers were targeted because they were Muslim, though this claim has been denied by French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/10/30/further-rioting-occurs-overnight-in-the-parisian-suburb-of-clichy-sous-bois-following-the-electrocutions-of-two-teenagers-aged-15-and-17.md) _Context: France, Muslim, Nicolas Sarkozy, minister of the interior_
2. [ In Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters who want France to withdraw its 3,800 peacekeepers so that the Christian and animist government of President Laurent Gbagbo in the south can march against Muslim rebel-held areas in the north. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3257264.stm][http://www.iht.com/articles/119994.html]](/news/2003/12/3/in-abidjan-cote-d-ivoire-police-fire-tear-gas-at-hundreds-of-protesters-who-want-france-to-withdraw-its-3-800-peacekeepers-so-that-the-ch.md) _Context: France, Muslim, tear gas_
3. [Bruno Le Roux resigns as France's Minister of the Interior amid a jobs scandal involving two of his daughters. Using public funds, Bruno had hired his 15 and 16-year-old daughters as parliamentary assistants while he was serving as a deputy in the French National Assembly. ](/news/2017/03/21/bruno-le-roux-resigns-as-france-s-minister-of-the-interior-amid-a-jobs-scandal-involving-two-of-his-daughters-using-public-funds-bruno-had.md) _Context: France, minister of the interior_
4. [French presidential election, 2017: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
6. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
8. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [A dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and Buddhist sellers escalates into communal violence that leaves 10 people dead, 20 injured, and 4 mosques burnt to the ground in Myanmar. ](/news/2013/03/21/a-dispute-between-a-muslim-gold-shop-owner-and-buddhist-sellers-escalates-into-communal-violence-that-leaves-10-people-dead-20-injured-and.md) _Context: Muslim, mosque_
