### [2005-11-1](/news/2005/11/1/index.md)

#  Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/01/gomery-report051101.html)

### Related:

1. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Gomery Commission, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin, sponsorship scandal_
2. [ Canadian prime minister Paul Martin promises in a televised address to call for an early general election once the Gomery inquiry into the current corruption scandal is over. ](/news/2005/04/22/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-promises-in-a-televised-address-to-call-for-an-early-general-election-once-the-gomery-inquiry-into-the.md) _Context: Gomery Commission, Paul Martin, sponsorship scandal_
3. [ Politics of Canada: Paul Martin is elected leader of the Liberal Party. He becomes Prime Minister-designate and will assume office upon Jean Chrtien's retirement by the end of February 2004.](/news/2003/11/14/politics-of-canada-paul-martin-is-elected-leader-of-the-liberal-party-he-becomes-prime-minister-designate-and-will-assume-office-upon-jea.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
4. [ 90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.](/news/2003/09/22/90-of-the-delegates-elected-to-the-november-15-convention-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-support-paul-martin-thereby-assuring-that-he-wil.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
5. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Quebec_
6. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
8. [ Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe and Jack Layton, leaders of Canada's three parliamentary opposition parties, issue a joint ultimatum calling for the next Canadian federal election to be moved forward to early February from the April date favoured by the government. They threaten to pass a motion of non-confidence and force an election at Christmas if Paul Martin's Liberal government does not accede to the move in writing. Martin rejects their proposal. ](/news/2005/11/13/stephen-harper-gilles-duceppe-and-jack-layton-leaders-of-canada-s-three-parliamentary-opposition-parties-issue-a-joint-ultimatum-calling.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
9. [ Canada's auditor-general, Sheila Fraser, releases a scathing report on a CA$250-million sponsorship fund that had a major portion of its funds directed to firms friendly to the ruling Liberal party; the resulting scandal and inquiry is quite likely to affect the coming election. Alfonso Gagliano, a former cabinet minister involved in the scandal, is removed from his post as ambassador to Denmark and recalled to Canada.](/news/2004/02/10/canada-s-auditor-general-sheila-fraser-releases-a-scathing-report-on-a-ca-250-million-sponsorship-fund-that-had-a-major-portion-of-its-fu.md) _Context: Alfonso Gagliano, Liberal Party's_
10. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Jean Chrtien, Liberal Party's_
