### [2005-11-1](/news/2005/11/1/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. 




### Source:

1. [CCTV](http://english.cctv.com/english/20051101/100651.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Security Council establishes an international tribunal to try suspects in the killings of Lebanese political figures including the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/30/the-united-nations-security-council-establishes-an-international-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-killings-of-lebanese-political-figures-inc.md) _Context: Lebanon, Prime Minister, Rafik Hariri, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria, assassinated_
3. [ The United States recalls its ambassador to Syria, Margaret Scobey, in protest of alleged Syrian involvement in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/02/15/the-united-states-recalls-its-ambassador-to-syria-margaret-scobey-in-protest-of-alleged-syrian-involvement-in-the-assassination-of-former.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria, assassinated_
4. [ Bernard Kouchner, the French Foreign Minister, arrives in Lebanon to reduce tensions between the Prime Minister of Lebanon Fouad Siniora and the pro-Syrian opposition. ](/news/2007/07/28/bernard-kouchner-the-french-foreign-minister-arrives-in-lebanon-to-reduce-tensions-between-the-prime-minister-of-lebanon-fouad-siniora-an.md) _Context: Lebanon, Prime Minister, Syria_
5. [ President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not cooperate with a United Nations tribunal to try suspects in the suspected assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq al-Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/10/president-bashar-al-assad-states-that-syria-will-not-cooperate-with-a-united-nations-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-suspected-assassinatio.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Syria, assassinated_
6. [ In Lebanon, a roadside bomb seriously wounds Lt. Col. Samir Shehade, a Lebanese police officer and kills four of his aides. Shehade was involved in the August 2005 arrest of four pro-Syrian Lebanese generals, on suspicion of involvement in the February 2005 assassination of former Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2006/09/5/in-lebanon-a-roadside-bomb-seriously-wounds-lt-col-samir-shehade-a-lebanese-police-officer-and-kills-four-of-his-aides-shehade-was-inv.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria_
7. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri resigns and says he will leave the government, ending several weeks of conflict between Hariri and the Syrian-backed President, mile Lahoud. Lahoud's term in office was extended last month, allegedly as a result of pressure from Syria; in response, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution condemning foreign interference in Lebanon and demanding the withdrawal of foreign troops. ](/news/2004/10/20/lebanese-prime-minister-rafiq-hariri-resigns-and-says-he-will-leave-the-government-ending-several-weeks-of-conflict-between-hariri-and-the.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ At the request of Syria, and in defiance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1559, Lebanon amends its constitution to allow President mile Lahoud to serve an additional term. ](/news/2004/09/3/at-the-request-of-syria-and-in-defiance-of-united-nations-security-council-resolution-1559-lebanon-amends-its-constitution-to-allow-presi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations Security Council_
9. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
10. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
