### [2005-11-1](/news/2005/11/1/index.md)

#  U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and his fellow Democrats force a closed session of the Senate over misinformed intelligence that led to the Iraq War and evasion of a congressional inquiry. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/11/01/senate.iraq.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: A report by the U.S. Defense Department's inspector general has found the The Pentagon "purposely manipulated" pre-war intelligence. Senator Carl Levin, D-MI, as chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee has called the report "very damning" and said of its results, "highly disturbing". ](/news/2007/02/9/iraq-war-a-report-by-the-u-s-defense-department-s-inspector-general-has-found-the-the-pentagon-purposely-manipulated-pre-war-intelligen.md) _Context: Democratic, Iraq War, U.S., United States Senate_
2. [U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) announces he will not seek re-election to the United States Senate and intends to retire at the end of his term in January 2017. ](/news/2015/03/27/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-d-nevada-announces-he-will-not-seek-re-election-to-the-united-states-senate-and-intends-to-retire-a.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid, United States Senate_
3. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S., United States Senate_
4. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S., United States Senate_
5. [ Iraq War: Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/iraq-war-p-democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: Democratic, Iraq War, United States Senate_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: Democratic, Iraq War, United States Senate_
7. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S., United States Senate_
8. [ Braving the threat of a veto from United States President George W. Bush, U.S. Senate Republicans joined Democrats, voting ](/news/2005/10/5/braving-the-threat-of-a-veto-from-united-states-president-george-w-bush-u-s-senate-republicans-joined-democrats-voting.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S., United States Senate_
9. [ U.S. Senator Harry Reid, and other Democrats, criticize talk show host William Bennett for saying: "You could abort every black baby in this country, and your crime rate would go down." ](/news/2005/09/30/u-s-senator-harry-reid-and-other-democrats-criticize-talk-show-host-william-bennett-for-saying-you-could-abort-every-black-baby-in-thi.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid, United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic, United States Senate_
