### [2006-07-30](/news/2006/07/30/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [  ''(Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml)
2. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5228224.stm)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/07/30/mideast.main/index.html)
5. [CTV NEWS](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060729/Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730/20060730?hub=TopStories)
6. [The Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1204849.ece)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-5.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Lebanon_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel has rebuffed a UN call for an international monitoring force to be deployed in Lebanon as it continued to attack the country.](/news/2006/07/17/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-israel-has-rebuffed-a-un-call-for-an-international-monitoring-force-to-be-deployed-in-lebanon-as-it-continued.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Lebanon_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: 25 Lebanese are killed in Israeli Air Force strikes in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2006/07/16/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-25-lebanese-are-killed-in-israeli-air-force-strikes-in-southern-lebanon.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Lebanon_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: US President George W. Bush has said he will urge Israel to avoid civilian casualties in its attacks on Lebanon, but he's "not going to make military decisions for Israel". ](/news/2006/07/14/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-us-president-george-w-bush-has-said-he-will-urge-israel-to-avoid-civilian-casualties-in-its-attacks-on-lebano.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Lebanon_
5. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Lebanon_
6. [A cease-fire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-cease-fire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Lebanon_
