### [2006-07-30](/news/2006/07/30/index.md)

#  Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http:--www.ctv.ca-servlet-ArticleNews-story-CTVNews-20060729-Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730-20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)] The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5229058.stm (BBC)] More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http:--www.cnn.com-2006-WORLD-meast-07-30-mideast.main-index.html (CNN)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5228224.stm (BBC)] Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http:--news.independent.co.uk-world-middle_east-article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"] 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http:--today.reuters.co.uk-news-newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]




### Related:

1. [ Israeli PM Ehud Olmert is criticised by the Winograd Commission for taking Israel to war in Lebanon last year "hastily". ](/news/2007/04/30/israeli-pm-ehud-olmert-is-criticised-by-the-winograd-commission-for-taking-israel-to-war-in-lebanon-last-year-hastily.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Lebanese_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Lebanese_
3. [ Israel will pursue Hezbollah leaders in Lebanon despite the ceasefire ending the month-long conflict, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has told parliament.](/news/2006/08/14/israel-will-pursue-hezbollah-leaders-in-lebanon-despite-the-ceasefire-ending-the-month-long-conflict-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-told-p.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Lebanese_
4. [ The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-54-lebanese-civilians-many-of.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, UN Security Council_
5. [ Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes-the-unprecedented-strike-on.md) _Context: Haifa, Israel, Lebanese_

### Changes:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. ](/news/2006/07/30/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon.md) _2017-08-25 03:18:07 (First version)_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:: Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http:--www.ctv.ca-servlet-ArticleNews-story-CTVNews-20060729-Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730-20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)]: The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5229058.stm (BBC)]: More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http:--www.cnn.com-2006-WORLD-meast-07-30-mideast.main-index.html (CNN)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5228224.stm (BBC)]: Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http:--news.independent.co.uk-world-middle_east-article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"]: 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http:--today.reuters.co.uk-news-newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon.md) _2017-08-27 03:18:05 (Update)_
2. [ Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http:--www.ctv.ca-servlet-ArticleNews-story-CTVNews-20060729-Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730-20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)] The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5229058.stm (BBC)] More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http:--www.cnn.com-2006-WORLD-meast-07-30-mideast.main-index.html (CNN)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5228224.stm (BBC)] Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http:--news.independent.co.uk-world-middle_east-article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"] 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http:--today.reuters.co.uk-news-newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon-http-www-ctv-ca-servlet-ar.md) _(Current version)_
