### [2006-07-30](/news/2006/07/30/index.md)

#  The United Nations compound in Gaza City is stormed and ransacked by Palestinians protesting the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis. Members of the Islamic Jihad militant group threw stones and fired assault rifles. Eight vehicles were damaged and five people were wounded. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/30/AR2006073000294.html)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Palestinians, United Nations_
2. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Palestinians, United Nations_
3. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
4. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-pisraeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli artillery strikes near a United Nations school in Gaza City,  killing at least 40 people. ](/news/2009/01/6/israeli-artillery-strikes-near-a-united-nations-school-in-gaza-city-killing-at-least-40-people.md) _Context: Gaza, United Nations_
6. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City.  ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
7. [ Israeli troops kill at least eight Palestinians in fighting in Gaza City, as part of a two-month offensive in the territory.](/news/2006/08/30/israeli-troops-kill-at-least-eight-palestinians-in-fighting-in-gaza-city-as-part-of-a-two-month-offensive-in-the-territory.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli helicopter gunship attacks a car in Gaza City, killing Islamic Jihad commander Mekled Hameid and two fellow militants, together with two bystanders. ](/news/2003/12/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-an-israeli-helicopter-gunship-attacks-a-car-in-gaza-city-killing-islamic-jihad-commander-mekled-hameid-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
9. [ A few hours after the spiritual leader of Hamas, Ahmed Yassin, offered to halt all suicide attacks in exchange for full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and Gaza Strip, an Israeli F-16 jet dropped a bomb into a densely populated residential area of Gaza City. Fifteen people were killed, including Salah Shehade (the leader of Hamas's military wing, the Izz ad-Din el-Qasam Brigades), and more than 100 others were wounded.  Nine of the dead were children, including Mohammed al-Huwaiti (aged 4), his brother Subhi (aged 3), Ayman Mattar (aged 1) and Dunya Rami Mattar (aged three months). The United Nations swiftly condemned the action as a flagrant violation of international law. Ariel Sharon, Israel's Prime Minister, said it was "one of our biggest successes", though the Prime Minister's office later added, "it is well known he regrets the killing of civilians."](/news/2002/07/22/a-few-hours-after-the-spiritual-leader-of-hamas-ahmed-yassin-offered-to-halt-all-suicide-attacks-in-exchange-for-full-israeli-withdrawal.md) _Context: Gaza, United Nations_
10. [Philippines senator Leila de Lima requests the foreign affairs department to invite the United Nations for an investigation on alleged human rights violations in Marawi. ](/news/2017/08/6/philippines-senator-leila-de-lima-requests-the-foreign-affairs-department-to-invite-the-united-nations-for-an-investigation-on-alleged-human.md) _Context: United Nations_
