### [2010-06-24](/news/2010/06/24/index.md)

# A Knesset parliamentary delegation to the Council of Europe, led by Yohanan Plesner, seeks to block a key vote intent on establishing an international probe into the Gaza flotilla raid. 

Plessner: The Turks are opening another front against us.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=179344)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=145125)

### Related:

1. [ A so-called "Muezzin Bill" which would limit the volume and usage time of loudspeakers in mosques during muezzin to decrease noise pollution is put to parliament in Israel and opposed by both Arab and Jewish ultra-orthodox parties. ](/news/2016/11/16/a-so-called-muezzin-bill-which-would-limit-the-volume-and-usage-time-of-loudspeakers-in-mosques-during-muezzin-to-decrease-noise-pollutio.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
2. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
4. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-the.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
6. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
7. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
8. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
9. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
10. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Finance Minister Yair Lapid amid the imminent breakup of the government coalition and dissolution of the Knesset ahead of new elections. ](/news/2014/12/2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-fires-justice-minister-tzipi-livni-and-finance-minister-yair-lapid-amid-the-imminent-breakup-of-th.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
