### [2010-06-24](/news/2010/06/24/index.md)

# A parcel bomb delivered to the public order ministry in Athens, addressed to counter-terrorism minister Michalis Chrysohoidis, is opened by an aide, instantly killing him; Chrysohoidis is unhurt. Prime Minister George Papandreou labels it a terrorist attack. 

Parcel bomb kills one person at offices of the ministry of citizen protection in Athens.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/06/201062418577128343.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10409192.stm)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/7853057/Bomb-hits-Greek-law-enforcement-ministry-1-dead.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jun/25/greece-bomb-kills-security-minister-aide)

### Related:

1. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Athens, Greek Prime Minister_
2. [The Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou does well in a second round of municipal elections including its candidates elected as mayors of Athens and Thessaloniki. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-pasok-of-greek-prime-minister-george-papandreou-does-well-in-a-second-round-of-municipal-elections-incl.md) _Context: Athens, Greek Prime Minister_
3. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: Athens_
4. [Clashes erupt in Athens between left-wing demonstrators and Greek police with at least eighteen people arrested. ](/news/2015/12/6/clashes-erupt-in-athens-between-left-wing-demonstrators-and-greek-police-with-at-least-eighteen-people-arrested.md) _Context: Athens_
5. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens_
6. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Athens_
7. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
8. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
9. [Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the head of the Court of Cassation, is appointed as interim Prime Minister of Greece for the duration of the upcoming election. She is the first woman to hold the post. ](/news/2015/08/27/vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-head-of-the-court-of-cassation-is-appointed-as-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-for-the-duration-of-the.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, announces his resignation and calls a new election for September 20. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-announces-his-resignation-and-calls-a-new-election-for-september-20.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
