### [2010-06-24](/news/2010/06/24/index.md)

# During a meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu, Austria's Chancellor Werner Faymann calls on him to lift the Gaza Strip embargo. 




### Source:

1. [Austrian Independent](http://austrianindependent.com/news/Politics/2010-06-24/3287/Faymann_calls_for_end_of_Gaza_embargo)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza_
2. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu instructs his inner cabinet to continue diplomatic efforts to thwart an upcoming aid flotilla bound for the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/04/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-instructs-his-inner-cabinet-to-continue-diplomatic-efforts-to-thwart-an-upcoming-aid-flotilla-boun.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza_
3. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. ](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza_
5. [ U.S. and Egypt fear an Islamist takeover of the Gaza Strip as a result of a possible Israeli pullout. They debate the role of Arafat, as Prime Minister Sharon confronts his own cabinet's opposition led by Netanyahu. ](/news/2004/05/31/u-s-and-egypt-fear-an-islamist-takeover-of-the-gaza-strip-as-a-result-of-a-possible-israeli-pullout-they-debate-the-role-of-arafat-as-pr.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza_
6. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Gaza_
7. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
10. [The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax-bills-on-fuel-imports-to.md) _Context: Gaza_
