### [2010-12-11](/news/2010/12/11/index.md)

# Due to recent floods in Venezuela, President Hugo Chavez announces the erection in his garden of a Bedouin tent given as a gift by Muammar al-Gaddafi from which he is to live and govern to make room for more homeless families in his presidential palace at Miraflores. 25 families made homeless by the disaster had already sought shelter there and Chavez has been personally supervising the provision of relief in the country. 

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is moving into a tent given by Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi so flood victims can take refuge in his office.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11974818)

### Related:

1. [ Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez  sign eight accords in Caracas following the weekend's second ASA summit. ](/news/2009/09/28/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sign-eight-accords-in-caracas-following-the-weekend-s-second-asa-su.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Venezuela_
2. [ Second South America-Africa Summit (ASA) on Isla Margarita: The leaders of Libya and Venezuela, Muammar al-Gaddafi and Hugo Chavez, call on the continents of Africa and South America to unite to secure prosperity for future generations. ](/news/2009/09/27/second-south-america-africa-summit-asa-on-isla-margarita-p-the-leaders-of-libya-and-venezuela-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-hugo-cha-vez-call.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Venezuela_
3. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
4. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
6. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
7. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
8. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a snap presidential election, which was called after the death of President Hugo Chavez on March 5. ](/news/2013/04/14/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-presidential-election-which-was-called-after-the-death-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-on-march-5.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
9. [Following the state funeral of former President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez, Vice President Nicolas Maduro is officially sworn in as Interim President. ](/news/2013/03/8/following-the-state-funeral-of-former-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-vice-president-nicola-s-maduro-is-officially-sworn-in-as-interim.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
10. [Death of Hugo Chavez:Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, dies in office at the age of 58 in the capital, Caracas. ](/news/2013/03/5/death-of-hugo-cha-vez-phugo-cha-vez-the-president-of-venezuela-dies-in-office-at-the-age-of-58-in-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
