### [2010-12-11](/news/2010/12/11/index.md)

# U.S. attorney-general Eric Holder tells a Muslim community group near San Francisco that FBI sting operations are "an essential law enforcement tool". 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/12/2010121165543707555.html)

### Related:

1. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
2. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
4. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
5. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
7. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
8. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-n.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
9. [ A police officer from Bethel, Alaska, will be sentenced to prison for charges related to police brutality in a 2014 case involving an intoxicated man. The charges followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations civil rights division. The former officer, Andrew Reid, was found to have used excessive force and lying on official police reports. The victim suffered a separated shoulder and other injuries. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-police-officer-from-bethel-alaska-will-be-sentenced-to-prison-for-charges-related-to-police-brutality-in-a-2014-case-involving-an-intox.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
