### [2015-06-2](/news/2015/06/2/index.md)

# Communist insurgency in the Philippines: Adelberto Silva, the highest ranked leader of the Communist Party of the Philippines and New People's Army, has been arrested. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://nz.news.yahoo.com/world/a/28312467/philippines-highest-ranking-communist-rebel-held-military/)

### Related:

1. [Communist insurgency in the Philippines: Top leaders and couple of the CPP-NPA-NDF, Benito and Wilma Tiamzon was arrested by joint military and police forces in Aloguinsan, Cebu. Wilma Tiamzon is the secretary general of militant group while Benito is the chairman. ](/news/2014/03/22/communist-insurgency-in-the-philippines-top-leaders-and-couple-of-the-cpp-npa-ndf-benito-and-wilma-tiamzon-was-arrested-by-joint-military.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, Communist insurgency in the Philippines, New People's Army_
2. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, New People's Army_
3. [The New People's Army, the armed branch of the Communist Party of the Philippines, torches 3 taxis in Panabo, Davao del Norte, just before a Christmas 'truce'. ](/news/2013/12/24/the-new-people-s-army-the-armed-branch-of-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-torches-3-taxis-in-panabo-davao-del-norte-just-before-a.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, New People's Army_
4. [Suspected Communist Party of the Philippines New People's Army forces attack a police station in Agusan del Sur killing a civilian and wounding two police officers. ](/news/2011/07/30/suspected-communist-party-of-the-philippines-new-people-s-army-forces-attack-a-police-station-in-agusan-del-sur-killing-a-civilian-and-wound.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines, New People's Army_
5. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines_
6. [Communist rebellion in the Philippines: A total of 21 combatants die in a three-week offensive by the government against the Communist Party of the Philippines. ](/news/2017/02/27/communist-rebellion-in-the-philippines-a-total-of-21-combatants-die-in-a-three-week-offensive-by-the-government-against-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines_
7. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: Twenty Philippine Army soldiers are under investigation after they are suspected of mutilating the body of a New People's Army member. The communist militant's eyes were gouged, his tongue was cut off and his throat was slit. ](/news/2016/07/6/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-twenty-philippine-army-soldiers-are-under-investigation-after-they-are-suspected-of-mutilating-the-body-of-a-new-peop.md) _Context: New People's Army_
8. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; Philippine Drug War: The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-philippine-drug-war-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagon.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines_
9. [Philippine general election, 2016 CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-phi.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines_
10. [The Philippines and the local Communist Party agree to renew talks that may lead to a peace treaty which could end the 46-year communist insurgency in the country. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-philippines-and-the-local-communist-party-agree-to-renew-talks-that-may-lead-to-a-peace-treaty-which-could-end-the-46-year-communist-ins.md) _Context: Communist Party of the Philippines_
