### [2014-09-16](/news/2014/09/16/index.md)

# Lawmakers from Ukraine ratify a landmark agreement with the European Union in tandem with a meeting of the European Parliament. 

Ukrainian MPs and the European Parliament are set to ratify a key EU association pact criticised by Russia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29211344)

### Related:

1. [The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-unclear-how-fast-the-liberalization-proce.md) _Context: EU, European Parliament, Ukrainian_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, European Parliament_
3. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for  Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
4. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
5. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
6. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
7. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European Parliament_
8. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: EU, European Parliament_
9. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
10. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: EU, Ukrainian_
