### [2014-09-16](/news/2014/09/16/index.md)

# Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:: Indonesian police chief General Sutarman says he knows what happened to the MH370 and an aviation expert claims MH370-s pilot, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, caused the plane to crash by locking his copilot out of the cockpit, depressurised the cabin and shut down all communications before turning the plane around. 

TWO people have come forward claiming they know what caused Flight MH370 to disappear without a trace.


### Source:

1. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/travel/travel-updates/flight-mh370-indonesian-police-chief-general-sutarman-says-he-knows-what-happened-to-the-missing-malaysian-airlines-plane/story-fnizu68q-1227059682342)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: The underwater search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been suspended. ](/news/2017/01/17/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-underwater-search-for-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-has-been-suspended.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/search-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysi.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Investigators hypothesise that the plane may be further to the north than the current search area. ](/news/2016/07/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-investigators-hypothesise-that-the-plane-may-be-further-to-the-north-than-the-current-search-area.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: An article in "New York" magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2016/07/23/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-an-article-in-new-york-magazine-speculates-that-the-pilot-may-have-deliberately-crashed-the-plane-into-the-s.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370 that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: A Malaysian court dismisses Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore has no liability to relatives. The court ruled MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
8. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:: French prosecutors state that they believe "with certainty" that a piece of debris that had washed ashore on Reunion Island came from the missing plane. ](/news/2015/09/3/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-french-prosecutors-state-that-they-believe-with-certainty-that-a-piece-of-debris-that-had-washed-ashore-on.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Debris suspected to be from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 that disappeared last year arrives in France for investigation in Toulouse. ](/news/2015/08/1/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-debris-suspected-to-be-from-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-that-disappeared-last-year-arrives-in-france-for-inve.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
