### [2012-07-11](/news/2012/07/11/index.md)

# ASEAN nations and China fail to agree on a code of conduct designed to ease tensions over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. 

China and Southeast Asian nations argue over wording of code of conduct meant to ease tensions in South China Sea.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/07/20127117442958768.html)

### Related:

1. [ASEAN foreign ministers get together for their annual summit on the island of Bali in Indonesia with concerns over territorial claims on the South China Sea. ](/news/2011/07/19/asean-foreign-ministers-get-together-for-their-annual-summit-on-the-island-of-bali-in-indonesia-with-concerns-over-territorial-claims-on-the.md) _Context: ASEAN, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [The U.S. military is in discussions with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers, whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-u-s-military-is-in-discussions-with-australian-officials-about-the-possibility-of-basing-long-range-bombers-whose-striking-distance-wo.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. [United States Pacific Fleet commander Scott H. Swift warns of a possible South China Sea arms race. ](/news/2015/12/15/united-states-pacific-fleet-commander-scott-h-swift-warns-of-a-possible-south-china-sea-arms-race.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
