### [2012-07-11](/news/2012/07/11/index.md)

# British Armed Forces are on standby to provide an extra 3,500 troops to help with security at the 2012 Olympics. 

UK armed forces are on standby to provide an additional 3,500 troops for Olympic security, amid fears private contractor G4S will be unable to provide enough staff, the BBC learns.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18804547)

### Related:

1. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
2. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: British military personnel_
3. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
4. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
5. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: British military personnel_
6. [Up to 75 British Armed Forces personnel will be sent as military advisors to the Ukrainian Army. ](/news/2015/02/24/up-to-75-british-armed-forces-personnel-will-be-sent-as-military-advisors-to-the-ukrainian-army.md) _Context: British military personnel_
7. [The UK Government says that packages sent to several army careers offices had "potentially viable devices bearing hallmarks of Northern Ireland related terrorism". ](/news/2014/02/13/the-uk-government-says-that-packages-sent-to-several-army-careers-offices-had-potentially-viable-devices-bearing-hallmarks-of-northern-irel.md) _Context: British military personnel_
8. [UK Secretary of State for Defence Philip Hammond announces the closure of four Army bases as part of a shake-up to accommodate the return of thousands of British troops stationed in Germany. ](/news/2013/03/5/uk-secretary-of-state-for-defence-philip-hammond-announces-the-closure-of-four-army-bases-as-part-of-a-shake-up-to-accommodate-the-return-of.md) _Context: British military personnel_
9. [South African amputee sprint runner Oscar Pistorius, who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, is charged with the murder of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, who was shot dead at Pistorius's home in Pretoria. ](/news/2013/02/14/south-african-amputee-sprint-runner-oscar-pistorius-who-competed-in-the-2012-summer-olympics-is-charged-with-the-murder-of-his-girlfriend.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
10. [Elizabeth II addresses her Commonwealth subjects in her annual Royal Christmas Message, referring to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the "humbling" experience of her diamond jubilee celebrations. Her speech - the first to be broadcast in 3D - does not include mention the recently-announced pregnancy of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, wife of her eldest grandson. ](/news/2012/12/25/elizabeth-ii-addresses-her-commonwealth-subjects-in-her-annual-royal-christmas-message-referring-to-the-2012-summer-olympics-in-london-and.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
