### [2012-07-11](/news/2012/07/11/index.md)

# British police widen their phone-hacking inquiry with new arrests of journalists from newspapers not owned by News Corporation, which previously has been the focus of the investigation. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/07/birtish-phone-hacking-arrests.html)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [News International phone hacking scandal:: Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-adam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal: MSNBC reports that the United States Department of Justice is investigating claims that News Corporation's advertising arm repeatedly hacked into the computers of competitors. ](/news/2011/07/21/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-msnbc-reports-that-the-united-states-department-of-justice-is-investigating-claims-that-news-corpo.md) _Context: News Corporation, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [2017 Buckingham Palace incident: Two British police officers were assaulted with a machette while trying to arrest a man outside Buckingham Palace. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-buckingham-palace-incident-two-british-police-officers-were-assaulted-with-a-machette-while-trying-to-arrest-a-man-outside-buckingham.md) _Context: British police officers_
5. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: British police officers_
6. [2017 Manchester Arena bombing: As part of an ongoing investigation, British police arrest six people in connection with Monday's deadly explosion, including a 23-year-old man who was taken into custody Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/2017-manchester-arena-bombing-as-part-of-an-ongoing-investigation-british-police-arrest-six-people-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-expl.md) _Context: British police officers_
7. [United Kingdom police arrest a 21-year-old man in Berkshire in the hacking of Hong Kong-based electronic toy maker VTech. Details of more than six million people from servers used to support VTech's learning products app store were compromised. ](/news/2015/12/15/united-kingdom-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-man-in-berkshire-in-the-hacking-of-hong-kong-based-electronic-toy-maker-vtech-details-of-more-th.md) _Context: British police officers_
8. [British police resume the search for four people missing after an explosion at a mill in Cheshire. ](/news/2015/07/19/british-police-resume-the-search-for-four-people-missing-after-an-explosion-at-a-mill-in-cheshire.md) _Context: British police officers_
9. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of terrorism after Turkish authorities stop a group crossing the Syrian border. ](/news/2015/04/15/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-terrorism-after-turkish-authorities-stop-a-group-crossing-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: British police officers_
10. [British police charge Aravindan Balakrishnan or "Comrade Bala" with 25 offences including rape in relation to the Lambeth slavery case. ](/news/2014/12/11/british-police-charge-aravindan-balakrishnan-or-comrade-bala-with-25-offences-including-rape-in-relation-to-the-lambeth-slavery-case.md) _Context: British police officers_
