### [2012-07-11](/news/2012/07/11/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: The Mexican newspaper ''El Manana'' from the northern city of Nuevo Laredo will stop reporting on Mexico's drug-related violence after a second grenade attack at its installations. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/07/11/el-manana-newspaper-stories-grenade-attack_n_1664978.html)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
2. [23 bodies--14 of them decapitated and 9 of them hanged from a bridge--are found in the Mexican city of Nuevo Laredo; those killed were reportedly members of the Gulf Cartel who were killed by Los Zetas, a rival cartel. ](/news/2012/05/4/23-bodiesa14-of-them-decapitated-and-9-of-them-hanged-from-a-bridgeaare-found-in-the-mexican-city-of-nuevo-laredo-those-killed-were-rep.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
3. [A car bomb exploded in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 10 police officers during the Mexican Drug War. The attack was believed to have been carried out by Los Zetas, one of Mexico's most powerful drug trafficking organizations. ](/news/2012/05/25/a-car-bomb-exploded-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-10-police-officers-during-the-mexican-drug-war-the-attack-was-beli.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
4. [Mexican Drug War: Gunmen open fire on an ''El Maana'' newspaper office in the border city of Nuevo Laredo, shortly after drug-related massacres in the city. ](/news/2012/05/11/mexican-drug-war-gunmen-open-fire-on-an-el-manana-newspaper-office-in-the-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-shortly-after-drug-related-massa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Nuevo Laredo_
5. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
