### [2012-07-11](/news/2012/07/11/index.md)

# The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. 

The repeal will go nowhere in the Senate; sets up talking points for election season


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57470521-503544/house-passes-health-care-repeal-again/)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/story/2012-07-11/house-repeal-health-care-law/56152618/1)
2. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2014/03/05/6732c520-3370-400f-900a-273f656490d4/whats-in-the-news-coverart-1400x1400.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
2. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
3. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
4. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
5. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
6. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary-of-health-and-human-servi.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
8. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
10. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
