### [2009-11-10](/news/2009/11/10/index.md)

#  John Allen Muhammad, mastermind of the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks, is executed in Virginia. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,573829,00.html (AP via Fox News (US))]




### Related:

1. [ John Allen Muhammad is sentenced to death by a Virginia judge for his role in the Beltway sniper attacks. ](/news/2004/03/9/john-allen-muhammad-is-sentenced-to-death-by-a-virginia-judge-for-his-role-in-the-beltway-sniper-attacks.md) _Context: Beltway sniper attacks, John Allen Muhammad, Virginia_
2. [ Lee Boyd Malvo is sentenced to life in prison without parole by a Virginia judge for his role in the Beltway Sniper Attacks.](/news/2004/03/10/lee-boyd-malvo-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-parole-by-a-virginia-judge-for-his-role-in-the-beltway-sniper-attacks.md) _Context: Beltway sniper attacks, Virginia_
3. [ Beltway sniper attacks: A Virginia jury recommends a life sentence without possibility of parole for Lee Boyd Malvo, who was earlier convicted of capital murder, among other charges, in connection with the shootings. Malvo had faced the possibility of execution.[http://www.cnn.com/2003/LAW/12/23/sprj.dcsp.malvo.trial/index.html]](/news/2003/12/23/beltway-sniper-attacks-a-virginia-jury-recommends-a-life-sentence-without-possibility-of-parole-for-lee-boyd-malvo-who-was-earlier-convic.md) _Context: Beltway sniper attacks, Virginia_
4. [Arkansas executes Ledell Lee, the first inmate executed in the state since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/20/arkansas-executes-ledell-lee-the-first-inmate-executed-in-the-state-since-2005.md) _Context: Capital punishment in the United States_
5. [Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-international-space.md) _Context: Virginia_
6. [The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-for-president-and-the-first-newspaper-media.md) _Context: Virginia_
7. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: Virginia_
8. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Virginia_
9. [Presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton selects Senator Tim Kaine (Virginia) as her vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/22/presumptive-democratic-party-presidential-nominee-hillary-clinton-selects-senator-tim-kaine-virginia-as-her-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: Virginia_
