### [2003-06-15](/news/2003/06/15/index.md)

#  The San Antonio Spurs become NBA basketball champions by defeating the New Jersey Nets in game six of the 2003 NBA Finals, 88-77. It is the Spurs second franchise title.




### Related:

1. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: NBA's, basketball_
2. [ The San Antonio Spurs defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of the 2007 NBA Finals to win the 2007 National Basketball Association Championship. ](/news/2007/06/14/the-san-antonio-spurs-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-in-game-4-of-the-2007-nba-finals-to-win-the-2007-national-basketball-association-champ.md) _Context: NBA's, San Antonio Spurs_
3. [ Three time defending NBA champions Los Angeles Lakers get eliminated from the 2002-2003 playoffs, losing 110-82 to the San Antonio Spurs in Los Angeles in Game 6 of their series.](/news/2003/05/16/three-time-defending-nba-champions-los-angeles-lakers-get-eliminated-from-the-2002a2003-playoffs-losing-110a82-to-the-san-antonio-spur.md) _Context: NBA's, San Antonio Spurs_
4. [ Michael Jordan makes NBA history when he scores 43 points for the Washington Wizards versus the New Jersey Nets, becoming the first player over 40 years old to score 40 or more points in a game, and leading the Wizards to an 89-86 win.](/news/2003/02/21/michael-jordan-makes-nba-history-when-he-scores-43-points-for-the-washington-wizards-versus-the-new-jersey-nets-becoming-the-first-player.md) _Context: NBA's, New Jersey Nets_
5. [ Argentina defeated the United States, 87-80, at the World Basketball Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was the first loss ever in international play for a United States team containing National Basketball Association players.](/news/2002/09/4/argentina-defeated-the-united-states-87a80-at-the-world-basketball-championships-in-indianapolis-indiana-it-was-the-first-loss-ever-i.md) _Context: NBA's, basketball_
6. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: basketball_
7. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA's_
8. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA's_
9. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: NBA's_
10. [NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. ](/news/2014/04/29/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-announces-that-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-is-banned-from-the-league-for-life-after-a-recording.md) _Context: NBA's_
