### [2003-06-15](/news/2003/06/15/index.md)

#  The German Green Party backs Chancellor Gerhard Schroder's "Agenda 2010" with more than 90% of all votes at an extraordinary party convention.




### Related:

1. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder informs that he won't play a role in the Merkel grand coalition cabinet. He criticizes the United States for its response to Hurricane Katrina and "Anglo-Saxon economic policies," while stressing the importance of Franco-Germanic ties. ](/news/2005/10/12/german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-informs-that-he-won-t-play-a-role-in-the-merkel-grand-coalition-cabinet-he-criticizes-the-united-state.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
2. [ Following the German federal election, 2005, Christian Democrat Angela Merkel will become the next Chancellor of Germany, replacing Social Democrat Gerhard Schroder, although Schroder's party will be the dominant party in the grand coalition.](/news/2005/10/10/following-the-german-federal-election-2005-christian-democrat-angela-merkel-will-become-the-next-chancellor-of-germany-replacing-social.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
3. [ Qatari Prime Minister Abdallah ibn Khalifah Al Thani and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder agree to begin a study to look into the feasibility of building a maglev line approximately 160&nbsp;km long linking Qatar and Bahrain, powered by Transrapid technology developed by Siemens AG and ThyssenKrupp. Also being considered is a possible extension to the United Arab Emirates that would make the combined length of the line roughly 800&nbsp;km. ](/news/2005/06/15/qatari-prime-minister-abdallah-ibn-khalifah-al-thani-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-agree-to-begin-a-study-to-look-into-the-feasib.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
4. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a EUR50-billion economic stimulus package. ](/news/2009/01/13/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-a-50-billion-economic-stimulus-package.md) _Context: Chancellor_
5. [ Kurt Beck, the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany steps down. According to media reports, Frank Walter Steinmeier will become the candidate for Chancellor of Germany in the 2009 elections. ](/news/2008/09/7/kurt-beck-the-chairman-of-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-steps-down-according-to-media-reports-frank-walter-steinmeier-will-beco.md) _Context: Chancellor_
6. [ President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. ](/news/2008/06/11/president-george-w-bush-says-that-he-wants-to-solve-the-iran-issue-peacefully-but-all-options-are-on-the-table-in-a-joint-media-conferen.md) _Context: Chancellor_
7. [ In an address to the Israeli Knesset, German Chancellor Angela Merkel says "Germany will always stand by the Jewish state." ](/news/2008/03/18/in-an-address-to-the-israeli-knesset-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-says-germany-will-always-stand-by-the-jewish-state.md) _Context: Chancellor_
8. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel and half of her cabinet visit Israel in a move to upgrade bilateral relations ](/news/2008/03/17/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-and-half-of-her-cabinet-visit-israel-in-a-move-to-upgrade-bilateral-relations.md) _Context: Chancellor_
9. [ In a "Der Spiegel" report, Chinese hackers are accused of breaking into the computer systems of the German Chancellor's office and three other government ministries. ](/news/2007/08/27/in-a-der-spiegel-report-chinese-hackers-are-accused-of-breaking-into-the-computer-systems-of-the-german-chancellor-s-office-and-three-ot.md) _Context: Chancellor_
10. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Chancellor_
