### [2014-08-8](/news/2014/08/8/index.md)

# In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. 




### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-sports/story/_/id/11328442/judge-rules-ncaa-ed-obannon-antitrust-case)
1. [Cover Image](http://a4.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2014%2F0614%2Fespnw_wilken_jv_1296x729.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: federal court_
2. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Los Angeles Times". Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily "USA Today" as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the "Orange County Register" was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: antitrust challenge_
3. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the "Los Angeles Times" and "The San Diego Union-Tribune", wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, "Orange County Register", published in Santa Ana, and "The Press-Enterprise", headquartered in Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-union-t.md) _Context: antitrust challenge_
4. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: federal court_
5. [United States District Court for the Northern District of California judge Jeremy D. Fogel stays the execution of sex killer Albert Greenwood Brown who was due to be executed on Thursday. ](/news/2010/09/29/united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-judge-jeremy-d-fogel-stays-the-execution-of-sex-killer-albert-greenwoo.md) _Context: federal court_
6. [The business-software giant Oracle files a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco alleging that Micron Technology, a manufacturer of memory chips, colluded with other manufacturers to fix prices. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-business-software-giant-oracle-files-a-lawsuit-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-san-francisco-alleging-that-micron-technology-a-manufactur.md) _Context: federal court_
7. [Vaughn R. Walker, the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, rules in "Perry v. Schwarzenegger" that California Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage in California is unconstitutional. ](/news/2010/08/4/vaughn-r-walker-the-chief-judge-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-rules-in-perry-v-schwarzene.md) _Context: federal court_
8. [Federal Judge Vaughn R. Walker, after deciding for the plaintiffs in Perry v. Schwarzenegger, mandates that same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California should resume on August 18. ](/news/2010/08/12/federal-judge-vaughn-r-walker-after-deciding-for-the-plaintiffs-in-perry-v-schwarzenegger-mandates-that-same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-st.md) _Context: federal court_
9. [ Google Inc. announced that it has received notice from the United States Department of Justice that antitrust investigators are studying its settlement with publishers designed to put millions of books online consistent with the property rights of authors. ](/news/2009/06/10/google-inc-announced-that-it-has-received-notice-from-the-united-states-department-of-justice-that-antitrust-investigators-are-studying-it.md) _Context: antitrust challenge_
10. [ US District Judge Jeremy Fogel of the Northern District of California denies a motion by Universal Studios to dismiss a lawsuit against it alleging that Universal sent a DMCA takedown notice in bad faith. ](/news/2008/08/21/us-district-judge-jeremy-fogel-of-the-northern-district-of-california-denies-a-motion-by-universal-studios-to-dismiss-a-lawsuit-against-it.md) _Context: federal court_
