### [2014-08-8](/news/2014/08/8/index.md)

# The recent death of James Brady, former press secretary to Ronald Reagan, is classified as a homicide 33 years after Brady was shot by John W. Hinckley. 

There was no immediate word on whether the shooter, John W. Hinckley, could face new criminal charges.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/crime/james-bradys-death-ruled-homicide-by-dc-medical-examiner/2014/08/08/686de224-1f41-11e4-82f9-2cd6fa8da5c4_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [A judge grants John Hinckley, Jr., the man who tried to assassinate then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan in 1981, additional visits to his family from the Washington, DC psychiatric hospital where he is confined. ](/news/2011/05/11/a-judge-grants-john-hinckley-jr-the-man-who-tried-to-assassinate-then-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-in-1981-additional-vi.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, shot by John W. Hinckley_
2. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
3. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
4. [A federal judge, Paul L. Friedman, rules that John Hinckley Jr., who attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan outside the Washington Hilton on March 30, 1981, is to be released after 35 years at St. Elizabeths Hospital as he no longer poses a danger to himself or others. ](/news/2016/07/27/a-federal-judge-paul-l-friedman-rules-that-john-hinckley-jr-who-attempted-to-assassinate-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-outside-the-washi.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
5. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
6. [A statue of former President of the United States Ronald Reagan is unveiled at a ceremony outside the American embassy in Grosvenor Square, Central London, opposite a statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those invited include Margaret Thatcher and Condoleezza Rice, while a piece of the Berlin Wall also features. ](/news/2011/07/4/a-statue-of-former-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-is-unveiled-at-a-ceremony-outside-the-american-embassy-in-grosvenor-square.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
7. [A road in Copenhagen, Denmark has been proposed a new name after former US president Ronald Reagan. ](/news/2011/02/11/a-road-in-copenhagen-denmark-has-been-proposed-a-new-name-after-former-us-president-ronald-reagan.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
8. [ William Rehnquist, Chief Justice of the United States, dies of thyroid cancer at the age of 80. He was appointed Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1971 by Richard Nixon and was named Chief Justice by Ronald Reagan in 1986. ](/news/2005/09/3/william-rehnquist-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-dies-of-thyroid-cancer-at-the-age-of-80-he-was-appointed-associate-justice-of-the-u.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
9. [Hourly productivity of U.S. employees increased in the 3rd quarter of 2003 at an annual rate of 9.2%, the highest since the Reagan years (Q2 of 1983). [http://www.washingtontimes.com/business/20031203-111745-2647r.htm]](/news/2003/12/4/hourly-productivity-of-u-s-employees-increased-in-the-3rd-quarter-of-2003-at-an-annual-rate-of-9-2-the-highest-since-the-reagan-years-q2.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
