### [2013-09-12](/news/2013/09/12/index.md)

# Islamic insurgency in the Philippines:The Moro National Liberation Front attacks the Philippines town of Lamitan with five people missing and two injured. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/filipino-rebels-attack-2nd-southern-town)

### Related:

1. [Islamic insurgency in the Philippines:Zamboanga City crisis: Six people die in the Philippines city of Zamboanga as fighting continues between the Army and Moro National Liberation Front insurgents. ](/news/2013/09/21/islamic-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pzamboanga-city-crisis-six-people-die-in-the-philippines-city-of-zamboanga-as-fighting-continues-betw.md) _Context: Islamic insurgency in the Philippines, Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
2. [Muslim rebel group Moro National Liberation Front leader Nur Misuari meets with Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte in Malacanang Palace after receiving a reprieve from previous crimes of rebellion. ](/news/2016/11/3/muslim-rebel-group-moro-national-liberation-front-leader-nur-misuari-meets-with-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-malacaa-ang-palace.md) _Context: Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
3. [Islamic insurgency in the Philippines:Followers of Muslim separatist leader Nur Misuari launch an attack on the southern Philippines port of Zamboanga City, forcing the closure of businesses and schools. ](/news/2013/09/9/islamic-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pfollowers-of-muslim-separatist-leader-nur-misuari-launch-an-attack-on-the-southern-philippines-port-o.md) _Context: Islamic insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines_
4. [Islamic insurgency in the Philippines:Philippine Army troops free dozens of prisoners held hostage by the Moro National Liberation Front in the Battle of Zamboanga City in the city of Zamboanga. ](/news/2013/09/17/islamic-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pphilippine-army-troops-free-dozens-of-prisoners-held-hostage-by-the-moro-national-liberation-front-in.md) _Context: Islamic insurgency in the Philippines, Moro National Liberation Front_
5. [Moro National Liberation Front rebel soldiers continue to hold 100 people hostage in the Philippine city of Zamboanga as they exchange gunfire with Philippine Army troops. ](/news/2013/09/14/moro-national-liberation-front-rebel-soldiers-continue-to-hold-100-people-hostage-in-the-philippine-city-of-zamboanga-as-they-exchange-gunfi.md) _Context: Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
6. [The Moro National Liberation Front kidnaps eight civilians in the Philippines Basilan province later releasing four of them. ](/news/2013/07/12/the-moro-national-liberation-front-kidnaps-eight-civilians-in-the-philippines-basilan-province-later-releasing-four-of-them.md) _Context: Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
7. [ Suspected Abu Sayyaf militants ambush Philippines Government troops on the island of Jolo, killing nine. More than 50 people died in fighting during the day between the army, Abu Sayyaf and elements of the Moro National Liberation Front.   ](/news/2007/08/9/suspected-abu-sayyaf-militants-ambush-philippines-government-troops-on-the-island-of-jolo-killing-nine-more-than-50-people-died-in-fighti.md) _Context: Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
8. [ Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, the Secretary-General of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, calls for an end of fighting between the Philippines government and the Moro National Liberation Front, which has killed at least 12 people over the past few days. ](/news/2007/04/16/ekmeleddin-adeghsanoalu-the-secretary-general-of-the-organisation-of-the-islamic-conference-calls-for-an-end-of-fighting-between-the-phili.md) _Context: Moro National Liberation Front, Philippines_
9. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
