### [2014-10-8](/news/2014/10/8/index.md)

# Ebola virus disease in the United States. The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. 

Thomas Eric Duncan contracted the disease during travel to West Africa.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/10/08/dallas-ebola-patient-dies/16786011/)

### Related:

1. [Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, United States_
2. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, Liberia, United States_
3. [The United States commemorates the 50th anniversary of the day when John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2013/11/22/the-united-states-commemorates-the-50th-anniversary-of-the-day-when-john-f-kennedy-was-assassinated-in-dallas-texas.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, United States_
4. [Economy of the United States. Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/economy-of-the-united-states-robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-a.md) _Context: Dallas, United States_
5. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
6. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
7. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
8. [2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Eleven police officers are shot, with five dying of gunshot wounds in Dallas, Texas during a protest against two black men killed within a day of each other. Police kill the shooter with a bomb delivered on a bomb defusing robot. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-eleven-police-officers-are-shot-with-five-dying-of-gunshot-wounds-in-dallas-texas-during-a-protes.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
9. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter. 2015-2016 El Nino event. At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
