### [2014-10-8](/news/2014/10/8/index.md)

# Uhuru Kenyatta, the President of Kenya, appears at a status conference at the International Criminal Court regarding post-election violence in 2007. 

Kenya&#039;s president has attended a status conference at the International Criminal Court over charges relating to post-election violence in 2007.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2014/10/08/kenyan-president-fronts-icc-netherlands)

### Related:

1. [The Kenyan electoral commission announces that President Uhuru Kenyatta has won re-election. Kenyatta leads ODM candidate Raila Odinga by more than 1.4 million votes. The opposition National Super Alliance rejects this finding as fraudulent. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-kenyan-electoral-commission-announces-that-president-uhuru-kenyatta-has-won-re-election-kenyatta-leads-odm-candidate-raila-odinga-by-mo.md) _Context: President, Uhuru Kenyatta_
2. [Kenyan police  arrest ''Daily Nation'' senior reporter John Ngirachu  who wrote about corruption at the Interior Ministry. Reports alleging outrageous spending by civil servants has raised pressure on President Uhuru Kenyatta. ](/news/2015/11/10/kenyan-police-arrest-daily-nation-senior-reporter-john-ngirachu-who-wrote-about-corruption-at-the-interior-ministry-reports-alleging.md) _Context: President, Uhuru Kenyatta_
3. [Thousands rally in Nairobi against the President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta's rule.](/news/2014/07/7/thousands-rally-in-nairobi-against-the-president-of-kenya-uhuru-kenyatta-s-rule.md) _Context: President, Uhuru Kenyatta_
4. [Voters in Kenya go to the polls to elect the President, as well as members of the National Assembly and Senate. ](/news/2017/08/8/voters-in-kenya-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-as-well-as-members-of-the-national-assembly-and-senate.md) _Context: President_
5. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
7. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
9. [Imprisoned former Congolese warlord Germain Katanga is ordered by the International Criminal Court to pay reparations to some of his victims in the first such ruling by the court. ](/news/2017/03/24/imprisoned-former-congolese-warlord-germain-katanga-is-ordered-by-the-international-criminal-court-to-pay-reparations-to-some-of-his-victims.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
