### [2007-07-31](/news/2007/07/31/index.md)

#  The Australian Synchrotron officially opens in Melbourne, Victoria. 

A new Melbourne machine the size of a football field can create light a million times brighter than the sun.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/31/1992421.htm)

### Related:

1. [Judy Moran, the matriarch of the Australian Moran crime family, is convicted of the murder of her brother-in-law Des Moran in Melbourne, Victoria. ](/news/2011/03/9/judy-moran-the-matriarch-of-the-australian-moran-crime-family-is-convicted-of-the-murder-of-her-brother-in-law-des-moran-in-melbourne-vic.md) _Context: Melbourne, Victoria_
2. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
3. [ Australian east coast low: New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: Victoria_
4. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: Victoria_
5. [The Metropolitan Fire Brigade in the Australian city of Melbourne warn residents about haze from a large industrial fire burning in the suburb of Broadmeadows. ](/news/2016/01/11/the-metropolitan-fire-brigade-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-warn-residents-about-haze-from-a-large-industrial-fire-burning-in-the-subu.md) _Context: Melbourne_
6. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-h.md) _Context: Victoria_
7. [A bomb threat on Tigerair Flight 539 at Melbourne Airport, Victoria, Australia, causes disruptions for passengers and airlines throughout the airport. ](/news/2015/01/10/a-bomb-threat-on-tigerair-flight-539-at-melbourne-airport-victoria-australia-causes-disruptions-for-passengers-and-airlines-throughout-th.md) _Context: Victoria_
8. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Victoria_
9. [Six men are arrested in the Australian state of Victoria in relation to alleged involvement in an international tennis match-fixing syndicate. ](/news/2014/07/18/six-men-are-arrested-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-relation-to-alleged-involvement-in-an-international-tennis-match-fixing-syndicat.md) _Context: Victoria_
10. [Ten thousand survivors of the Black Saturday bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria in February 2009 win a settlement of A$497.4 million against utility company SP AusNet, its maintenance contractor and the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment for poor inadequate maintenance and protection measures. ](/news/2014/07/15/ten-thousand-survivors-of-the-black-saturday-bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-february-2009-win-a-settlement-of-a-497-4-mill.md) _Context: Victoria_
