### [2007-07-31](/news/2007/07/31/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives passes a the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act, a comprehensive ethics and lobbying reform bill 411-8. It bans lobbyists and their clients from giving members of the United States Congress gifts and provides for mandatory disclosure of earmarks in expenditure bills. 

The House overwhelmingly passed a comprehensive ethics and lobbying reform bill Tuesday, accepting tough rules offered by Democratic leaders to crack down on travel, gift-giving, campaign contributions and earmarks.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,291550,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favour of a non-binding resolution asking the Obama administration to seek Congressional authorization for the intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/06/3/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favour-of-a-non-binding-resolution-asking-the-obama-administration-to-seek-congressional.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: U.S. Representative Carol Shea-Porter says that "more than 400 economists, including Nobel laureates, appealed to Congress to slow down and make sure [they] got [the bailout bill] right". ](/news/2008/10/1/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-u-s-representative-carol-shea-porter-says-that-more-than-400-economists-including-nobel-laureates-appealed-t.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". ](/news/2007/03/12/while-identifying-as-a-unitarian-representative-pete-stark-d-ca-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-congress-to-openly-acknowl.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ Keith Ellison, the first Muslim member of the United States Congress and the first African American elected to the House from Minnesota is sworn in using Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an. ](/news/2007/01/4/keith-ellison-the-first-muslim-member-of-the-united-states-congress-and-the-first-african-american-elected-to-the-house-from-minnesota-is.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ The legal challenge to President George W. Bush's ratification of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (''Conyers v. Bush'') led by United States Congressman and member of the House Judiciary Committee John Conyers (together with ten other representatives of the House of Representatives) is dismissed due to lack of standing ](/news/2006/11/6/the-legal-challenge-to-president-george-w-bush-s-ratification-of-the-deficit-reduction-act-of-2005-conyers-v-bush-led-by-united-sta.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ U.S. Congressman James Traficant was expelled from the House of Representatives on a vote of 420 to 1. Traficant had been convicted of ten federal counts of corruption.](/news/2002/07/24/u-s-congressman-james-traficant-was-expelled-from-the-house-of-representatives-on-a-vote-of-420-to-1-traficant-had-been-convicted-of-ten.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
