### [2007-07-31](/news/2007/07/31/index.md)

#  Worsening floods affecting eastern India, Bangladesh and Nepal has led to millions of people leaving their homes. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6922484.stm (BBC News)] 160 people confirmed dead in Bangladesh alone.




### Related:

1. [ 2007 South Asian floods: The Ganges River system will come under further strain from monsoon floods as 20 million are homeless in Nepal, India and Bangladesh. Almost 200 people have died. ](/news/2007/08/4/2007-south-asian-floods-the-ganges-river-system-will-come-under-further-strain-from-monsoon-floods-as-20-million-are-homeless-in-nepal-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal, flood_
2. [ 2007 South Asian floods: Monsoon floods make millions homeless in India, Nepal and Bangladesh with a death toll of 145 in India and 65 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/3/2007-south-asian-floods-monsoon-floods-make-millions-homeless-in-india-nepal-and-bangladesh-with-a-death-toll-of-145-in-india-and-65-in-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal, flood_
3. [ At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/1/at-least-28-people-die-in-uttar-pradesh-india-as-an-overcrowded-boat-carrying-flood-evacuees-and-aid-workers-capsizes-on-the-rohni-river.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal, flood_
4. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
5. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-pa-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
6. [ The death toll from the 2007 South Asian floods nears 1,100 in India while 120 people have died in Bangladesh and 84 in Nepal. Health officials have raised concerns about epidemics. ](/news/2007/08/5/the-death-toll-from-the-2007-south-asian-floods-nears-1-100-in-india-while-120-people-have-died-in-bangladesh-and-84-in-nepal-health-offic.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
7. [ According to World Wildlife Fund, melting glaciers in the Himalayas could lead first to floods in China, India and Nepal and then long droughts. ](/news/2005/03/14/according-to-world-wildlife-fund-melting-glaciers-in-the-himalayas-could-lead-first-to-floods-in-china-india-and-nepal-and-then-long-drou.md) _Context: India, Nepal, flood_
8. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
9. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
10. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thailand-bangladesh-and-india-accord.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
