### [2016-02-20](/news/2016/02/20/index.md)

# 2016 Kalamazoo shootings: Seven people are killed and another injured in multiple shooting incidents in Kalamazoo County in the American state of Michigan. A 45-year-old man was later arrested in the city of Kalamazoo 

At least six people have been killed in ongoing shooting in Kalamazoo County, Michigan, local police said, adding that a suspect has been arrested in connection with the apparently random shooting.


### Source:

1. [Press Association via Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/man-arrested-after-six-killed-in-michigan-shootings-34471613.html)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/usa/333151-michigan-random-shooting-victims/)

### Related:

1. [2016 Kalamazoo shootings: Jason Dalton is charged with six counts of murder in Kalamazoo County, Michigan. ](/news/2016/02/22/2016-kalamazoo-shootings-jason-dalton-is-charged-with-six-counts-of-murder-in-kalamazoo-county-michigan.md) _Context: 2016 Kalamazoo shootings, Kalamazoo County, Michigan_
2. [2016 Kalamazoo shootings: Kalamazoo County, Michigan authorities say last evening's shooting spree resulted in six deaths with two others seriously wounded. Each victim was shot multiple times. Police acknowledge that an earlier report that a 14-year-old girl died is incorrect; she is alive, but "severely, gravely" injured. The suspect, a 45-year-old man who is a Uber driver without a prior criminal record, was taken into custody without a struggle. ](/news/2016/02/21/2016-kalamazoo-shootings-kalamazoo-county-michigan-authorities-say-last-evening-s-shooting-spree-resulted-in-six-deaths-with-two-others-se.md) _Context: 2016 Kalamazoo shootings, Kalamazoo County, Michigan_
3. [A 193-vehicle pileup along a snowy Interstate 94 highway in Kalamazoo County, Michigan leaves one motorist dead and 20 injured. A fire among the vehicles which includes a chemical tanker and a truck loaded with fireworks further compounds the disaster. The debris and fire closes the expressway for over 14 hours. Exploding fireworks hit rescue workers injuring an additional three. ](/news/2015/01/9/a-193-vehicle-pileup-along-a-snowy-interstate-94-highway-in-kalamazoo-county-michigan-leaves-one-motorist-dead-and-20-injured-a-fire-among.md) _Context: Kalamazoo County, Michigan, Michigan_
4. [Immigration to the United States: A judge in Michigan halts the possible deportation of over 100 Chaldean Iraqi Christians. ](/news/2017/06/22/immigration-to-the-united-states-a-judge-in-michigan-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-over-100-chaldean-iraqi-christians.md) _Context: Michigan_
5. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Michigan_
6. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Michigan_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eas.md) _Context: Michigan_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recounts: A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. ](/news/2016/12/5/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-a-federal-judge-in-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-rules-that-a-recount-in-the-presidential.md) _Context: Michigan_
9. [Flint water crisis: A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/flint-water-crisis-a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in.md) _Context: Michigan_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college.md) _Context: Michigan_
