### [2016-02-20](/news/2016/02/20/index.md)

# President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." 

In remarks that could be viewed as a shot across the bow at Russian intervention, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his country has the right to launch operations in Syria against “terrorist organizations.”


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/a-multifaceted-catastrophe-turkey-has-so-alienated-everyone-it-cannot-convince-anyone-to-do-anything-2016-2)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/02/21/turkey-says-it-has-right-to-launch-strikes-in-syria.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0VT0H0)
4. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/syrian-rebels-ready-for-truce-if-russia-halts-airstrikes/3199672.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2016/02/18/0/0/694940094001_4762361355001_57649545-1ad5-4fe4-9ca3-6c440dc6991d.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [ Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Syria, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [  Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)] Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turki.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
