### [2016-02-20](/news/2016/02/20/index.md)

# Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. 

Heavy clashes in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi have left at least 14 people dead and 32 wounded, medical officials said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-serbia-security-libya-idUSKCN0VT0CQ)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-libya-security-benghazi-idUSKCN0VT0V0)

### Related:

1. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), U.S._
2. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in  Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), Sabratha_
3. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya (Libya Province) seizes control of the western Libyan town of Sabratha, after storming it in retaliation after two of their men were arrested in a house nearby; however they then set up checkpoints around the town, with little opposition from the local militias that were supposed to be in control of the area. There are now fears that the militant group could destroy the town's Roman amphitheatre, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-libya-province-seizes-control-of-the-western-libyan-town-of-sabratha-after-sto.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), Sabratha_
4. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), U.S._
5. [The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells.  ](/news/2016/01/6/the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulting-in-at-least-10-security-personne.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present)_
6. [Islamic State militants continue to besiege the Libyan oil port of Sidra, attacking checkpoints on the road to the port, leaving seven guards dead. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) said an oil storage tank in the port was set on fire by a long-range rocket, and that the oil tank fire started just as firefighters were close to bringing under control another blaze at an oil tank that was hit during fighting in the nearby Ra's Lanuf Refinery on Monday. ](/news/2016/01/5/islamic-state-militants-continue-to-besiege-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-attacking-checkpoints-on-the-road-to-the-port-leaving-seven-guard.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present)_
7. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is-libya-s-largest-oil-depot-two-mem.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present)_
8. [A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-said-to-have-killed-wisam-al-zubaidi-also-known-as-abu-nabil-al-anbari.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), U.S._
9. [The United States, Canada, and Jordan boycott a meeting of the UN General Assembly organized by a former Serbian foreign minister, Vuk Jeremic. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-united-states-canada-and-jordan-boycott-a-meeting-of-the-un-general-assembly-organized-by-a-former-serbian-foreign-minister-vuk-jerem.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbia's Foreign Minister, U.S._
10. [Libyan fisherman discover the bodies of 28 migrants in a broken-down boat off the coast of Sabratha. ](/news/2017/04/18/libyan-fisherman-discover-the-bodies-of-28-migrants-in-a-broken-down-boat-off-the-coast-of-sabratha.md) _Context: Libya, Sabratha_
