### [2016-02-20](/news/2016/02/20/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016.Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. 

Hillary Clinton won the Nevada Democratic caucuses on Saturday, beating Bernie Sanders and breathing new life into her campaign just a week-and-a-half after she lost to Sanders by double-digits in New Hampshire.


### Source:

1. [2016 Election Central](http://www.uspresidentialelectionnews.com/2016-presidential-primary-schedule-calendar/2016-south-carolina-primary/)
2. [AP via Boston Globe](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2016/02/20/sanders-hopes-for-big-turnout-nevada-caucuses/woktwaDHLl6iNyPKTWfBiJ/story.html)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/20/politics/republicans-south-carolina-primary-highlights/)
4. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/02/20/clinton-wins-nevada-caucuses-fox-news-projects.html?intcmp=hpbt1)
5. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-struggles-to-defend-his-support-of-iraq-war-in-2002-interview-626649667922)
6. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/jeb-bush-ends-2016-presidential-campaign-n522831)

### Related:

1. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
3. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
6. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
7. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
9. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on-the-party-s-schedule-before-the-2016-democr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
