### [2016-02-20](/news/2016/02/20/index.md)

# Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. 

Hillary Clinton won the Nevada Democratic caucuses on Saturday, beating Bernie Sanders and breathing new life into her campaign just a week-and-a-half after she lost to Sanders by double-digits in New Hampshire.


### Source:

1. [2016 Election Central](http://www.uspresidentialelectionnews.com/2016-presidential-primary-schedule-calendar/2016-south-carolina-primary/)
2. [AP via Boston Globe](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2016/02/20/sanders-hopes-for-big-turnout-nevada-caucuses/woktwaDHLl6iNyPKTWfBiJ/story.html)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/20/politics/republicans-south-carolina-primary-highlights/)
4. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/02/20/clinton-wins-nevada-caucuses-fox-news-projects.html?intcmp=hpbt1)
5. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-struggles-to-defend-his-support-of-iraq-war-in-2002-interview-626649667922)
6. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/jeb-bush-ends-2016-presidential-campaign-n522831)
6. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2016/02/20/0/0/694940094001_4765900276001_ba3cf60b-d933-4799-b442-0804a5811d68.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
2. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
3. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
4. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Democratic, Nevada_
6. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
7. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
9. [The United States Department of State reopens an investigation into the possible mishandling of classified information by former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-department-of-state-reopens-an-investigation-into-the-possible-mishandling-of-classified-information-by-former-secretary-o.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
