### [2017-02-27](/news/2017/02/27/index.md)

# SpaceX announces that it will take two space tourists on an orbit of the Moon in 2018. 

SpaceX will launch a crewed mission beyond the moon for two private customers, according to an announcement made by the company Monday. 


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/27/spacex-plans-to-send-crewed-mission-beyond-moon-in-2018.html)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX launches a recycled Falcon 9 rocket with a   shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. Dragon 9 first connected with the ISS during a Sept. 21, 2014, mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-recycled-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internationa.md) _Context: SpaceX_
2. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: SpaceX_
4. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: SpaceX_
5. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX returns to flight by placing 10 Iridium NEXT satellites in orbit and successfully recovering the first stage of its Falcon 9 launcher on a droneship. ](/news/2017/01/15/spacex-returns-to-flight-by-placing-10-iridium-next-satellites-in-orbit-and-successfully-recovering-the-first-stage-of-its-falcon-9-launcher.md) _Context: SpaceX_
7. [A UCLA research team, analyzing lunar minerals brought back during the Apollo program, reports that the moon is at least 4.51 billion years old, up to 150 million years older than previous estimates.](/news/2017/01/13/a-ucla-research-team-analyzing-lunar-minerals-brought-back-during-the-apollo-program-reports-that-the-moon-is-at-least-4-51-billion-years.md) _Context: Moon_
8. [SpaceX successfully tests its most powerful rocket to date. The company's goal will be to use the Raptor (rocket engine) to power their "super-heavy" Interplanetary Transport System in facilitation of the colonization of Mars and beyond. ](/news/2016/09/26/spacex-successfully-tests-its-most-powerful-rocket-to-date-the-company-s-goal-will-be-to-use-the-raptor-rocket-engine-to-power-their-sup.md) _Context: SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX believes that the September 1 Florida launch pad malfunction and explosion of its Falcon 9 rocket and the Facebook payload during routine preparation was likely due to a large breach in its upper-stage oxygen tank's helium system. ](/news/2016/09/23/spacex-believes-that-the-september-1-florida-launch-pad-malfunction-and-explosion-of-its-falcon-9-rocket-and-the-facebook-payload-during-rou.md) _Context: SpaceX_
10. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: SpaceX_
