### [2017-02-27](/news/2017/02/27/index.md)

# The Liberal Party of the Philippines, the party of vice president Leni Robredo and detained senator Leila de Lima, formally becomes the opposition after its members and its ally from the Akbayan party are ousted from key positions in the Senate. 

(UPDATED) The 4 ousted senators join the Senate minority bloc


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/162710-senate-revamp-ouster-liberal-party-senators)

### Related:

1. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Leni Robredo, Liberal Party_
2. [Philippine Drug War: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Liberal Party, Philippines_
3. [Freedom of speech in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/freedom-of-speech-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Liberal Party_
4. [Philippine Drug War: Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-drug-war-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-t.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippines_
5. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Liberal Party_
6. [Leila de Lima, senator and critic of the Philippine Drug War, is charged by Philippines justice secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II of alleged drug-related crimes. ](/news/2017/02/17/leila-de-lima-senator-and-critic-of-the-philippine-drug-war-is-charged-by-philippines-justice-secretary-vitaliano-aguirre-ii-of-alleged-dr.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Philippines_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippines_
8. [A warrant of arrest is to be served on Philippines opposition leader and senator Leila de Lima. ](/news/2017/02/13/a-warrant-of-arrest-is-to-be-served-on-philippines-opposition-leader-and-senator-leila-de-lima.md) _Context: Leila de Lima, Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War: A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/philippine-drug-war-a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-nationa.md) _Context: Philippine senate, Philippines_
10. [A bill protecting the rights of LGBT in the Philippines is finally up for debate 17 years after being first introduced in the upper legislature with the 2014 killing of a transwoman as the reason for its urgency. ](/news/2016/12/21/a-bill-protecting-the-rights-of-lgbt-in-the-philippines-is-finally-up-for-debate-17-years-after-being-first-introduced-in-the-upper-legislat.md) _Context: Philippine senate, Philippines_
