### [2017-02-27](/news/2017/02/27/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes near a checkpoint outside Mogadishu, wounding at least four Somali soldiers. 

Explosion hits close to army checkpoint after al-Shabab threatens attacks against new president, Mohamed Abdullahi.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/blast-mogadishu-hours-al-shabaab-vows-attack-170227130431392.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present):: Nineteen people are killed in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, in suicide bombings and firefights between Al-Shabaab militants and government forces. ](/news/2013/05/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-nineteen-people-are-killed-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-in-suicide-bombings-and-firefights-between-al.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
3. [War in Somalia:: The United Nations Security Council adopts Resolution 2093 that partially lifts a decades-old arms embargo on Somalia for one year, allowing the government in Mogadishu to buy weapons to strengthen its security forces to fight al-Qaeda linked Islamists. ](/news/2013/03/6/war-in-somalia-the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-resolution-2093-that-partially-lifts-a-decades-old-arms-embargo-on-somalia-for-o.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
4. [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
6. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-cl.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A vehicle filled with explosives detonates near a hotel in Mogadishu, killing at least six people and wounding four others. ](/news/2017/03/13/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-vehicle-filled-with-explosives-detonates-near-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-six-people-and-wound.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes in the Wadajir District of Mogadishu, killing at least 20 people and injuring 50 more. ](/news/2017/02/19/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-wadajir-district-of-mogadishu-killing-at-least-20-people-and-injuring-50-more.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Twenty-eight people are killed in a coordinated attack on the Dayah Hotel in central Mogadishu. The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/25/war-in-somalia-2009-present-twenty-eight-people-are-killed-in-a-coordinated-attack-on-the-dayah-hotel-in-central-mogadishu-the-terrori.md) _Context: Mogadishu, War in Somalia (2009-present)_
