### [2006-07-28](/news/2006/07/28/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: The mutilated body of Dr. Danny Yaakovi, an Israeli physician, is found in the West Bank.

Body of Dr. Danny Yaakovi from West Bank settlement of Yakir found Thursday in car trunk near Nablus. Police, IDF assess settler murdered for nationalistic reasons. Alert level raised on Road 443 for fear terrorist may infiltrate Israel


### Source:

1. [YNET NEWS](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3282531,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-w.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert says Operation Summer Rains will only end once abducted soldier Gilad Shalit is released: "There is no intention to reoccupy Gaza in order to stay there, but if certain operations are needed they will be carried out". ](/news/2006/07/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-says-operation-summer-rains-will-only-end-once-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel rejects ultimatum to release all Palestinian female prisoners, prisoners under 18, and an additional 1,000 prisoners by 6 A.M. Tuesday, in exchange for information on its kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit. Defense Minister of Israel Amir Peretz calls Syrian President Bashar Assad to "open his eyes, because he is responsible". ](/news/2006/07/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-ultimatum-to-release-all-palestinian-female-prisoners-prisoners-und.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
