### [2006-07-28](/news/2006/07/28/index.md)

#  The United States should immediately close all secret detention facilities used in its campaign against terror groups, the UN Human Rights Committee has said. 




### Source:

1. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/5223586.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council, after the defected Libyan Ambassador to the UN Abdel Rahman Mohamed Shalgam's appeal to act against Muammar Gaddafi's regime escalating violence, being used to crackdown the 2011 Libyan civil war, and following propositions by France, Germany, United Kingdom and the United States, adopts resolution 1970, [http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2011/sc10187.doc.htm (UN press release on UNSC resolution 1970)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12587078 (BBC)] [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12589434 (BBC)] [http://www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/ (UN Multimedia)]. "All necessary means" enforcement of said resolution, and imposition of a "No-fly zone" over Libya are rejected. These measures will be however included on UNSC resolution 1973 of 17 March 2011.](/news/2011/02/26/the-united-nations-security-council-after-the-defected-libyan-ambassador-to-the-un-abdel-rahman-mohamed-shalgam-s-appeal-to-act-against-mua.md) _Context: UN, United States_
2. [The United States offers Israel 20 F-35s and opposition to anti-Israel resolutions in the UN if Israel agrees to a partial 90-day freeze in building in the West Bank, excluding east Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-united-states-offers-israel-20-f-35s-and-opposition-to-anti-israel-resolutions-in-the-un-if-israel-agrees-to-a-partial-90-day-freeze-in.md) _Context: UN, United States_
3. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
4. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The temporary protected status of Haitians living in the United States is extended for six months. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-temporary-protected-status-of-haitians-living-in-the-united-states-is-extended-for-six-months.md) _Context: United States_
8. ["My Family's Slave"A controversial piece written in ''The Atlantic'' magazine about the Filipino servant caste and the Filipino American family involved in it triggers a debate in both the Philippines and the United States. ](/news/2017/05/22/my-family-s-slave-pa-controversial-piece-written-in-the-atlantic-magazine-about-the-filipino-servant-caste-and-the-filipino-american-fa.md) _Context: United States_
9. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: United States_
