### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. 

An American soldier was killed when a rocket fired by ISIS landed near his position in the town of Makhmur, 75 miles southeast of Mosul, a U.S. defense official told Fox News Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/19/american-soldier-killed-in-isis-rocket-attack-in-northern-iraq-official-says.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
2. [American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/17/american-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-180-islamic-state-fighters-while-local-kurdish-forcesa-repel-an-assault-by-300-heavily-armed-militant.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
3. [A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. ](/news/2015/10/22/a-joint-early-morning-raid-conducted-by-iraqi-and-us-forces-on-an-is-run-prison-in-hawija-kirkuk-province-has-freed-70-hostages-one-u-s-d.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
4. [ISIL confirms that U.S. forces killed its number two leader, Abu Mutaz al-Qurashi, in an airstrike near Mosul back in August. ](/news/2015/10/14/isil-confirms-that-u-s-forces-killed-its-number-two-leader-abu-mutaz-al-qurashi-in-an-airstrike-near-mosul-back-in-august.md) _Context: ISIL, U.S. airstrikes, United States_
5. [The Pentagon raises security at its US military bases due to a growing jihadist threat in the United States and a recent shooting in Garland, Texas. ](/news/2015/05/7/the-pentagon-raises-security-at-its-us-military-bases-due-to-a-growing-jihadist-threat-in-the-united-states-and-a-recent-shooting-in-garland.md) _Context: Defense Department, ISIL, United States_
6. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
7. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
8. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: Defense Department, United States_
9. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
10. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: ISIL, United States_
