### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. 

Dozens of people were killed in a series of air strikes on the city of Raqqa in northern Syria on Saturday, a monitoring group and activists said, as Damascus and Moscow waged attacks on areas controlled by Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-raqqa-idUSKCN0WL0IW)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160320&t=2&i=1126228205&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC2J00O)

### Related:

1. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Russian Air Force, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Russian Air Force, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hig.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Army takes full control of Palmyra after heavy fighting with ISIL forces, according to a Syrian military source. ](/news/2016/03/27/the-syrian-army-takes-full-control-of-palmyra-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil-forces-according-to-a-syrian-military-source.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (March 2016), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Palmyra, Palmyra offensive (March 2016), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-executed-three-detainees-in-the-ancient-syrian-city-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State, Russian Air Force, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
