### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# Flydubai Boeing 737-800 Flight FZ981, en route from Dubai for about four hours, crashes during landing in the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don, killing all 62 on board. It appears the jet crashed in poor visibility, some 50-100 meters left of the runway, during the second approach. Rostov-on-Don Airport will remain closed until at least 9:00 am Moscow time. 

Flydubai flight FZ981 has crashed in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don killing all 62 passengers and crew on board. The flight was en route from Dubai and crashed during its second landing approach amid poor weather conditions.


### Source:

1. [Airways News](http://airwaysnews.com/blog/2016/03/18/flydubai-flight-981-crash/)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/336185-boeing-crash-dubai-rostov/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-crash-idUSKCN0WL036)
3. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2016.03/article/56ecaf30c461884f278b45af.jpg)

### Related:

1. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive free parking spots and free Salik tag as well as an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees if they choose to swap their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-free-parking-spots-and-free-salik-tag-as-well-as-an-exem.md) _Context: Dubai_
2. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Dubai_
3. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Dubai_
4. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Dubai_
5. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai_
6. [Seven Pakistani crew members on Iranian cargo ship MV "Joya", sailing from Egypt to Dubai, UAE, are killed in a rocket attack off Yemen's coast. ](/news/2016/12/22/seven-pakistani-crew-members-on-iranian-cargo-ship-mv-joya-sailing-from-egypt-to-dubai-uae-are-killed-in-a-rocket-attack-off-yemen-s-co.md) _Context: Dubai_
7. [Developers announce their intention to build a new tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to surpass the Burj Khalifa as the tallest structure in the world. The project is expected to be roughly $1bn (GBP710m) and scheduled to be completed for the Dubai Expo trade fair in 2020. ](/news/2016/04/10/developers-announce-their-intention-to-build-a-new-tower-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-to-surpass-the-burj-khalifa-as-the-tallest-structur.md) _Context: Dubai_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Dubai_
9. [Dubai says that it will continue with its Mall of the World project, despite the financial pressures created by falling oil prices. ](/news/2016/02/9/dubai-says-that-it-will-continue-with-its-mall-of-the-world-project-despite-the-financial-pressures-created-by-falling-oil-prices.md) _Context: Dubai_
10. [Four American journalists are charged by Bahrain for "unlawful obstruction of vehicles and attending unlawful gatherings." The state-run Bahrain News Agency said all were released "pending further investigations." Freelance reporter Anna Day and a film crew, who were covering the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprisings, are scheduled to fly to Dubai tonight. ](/news/2016/02/16/four-american-journalists-are-charged-by-bahrain-for-unlawful-obstruction-of-vehicles-and-attending-unlawful-gatherings-the-state-run-bah.md) _Context: Dubai_
