### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# Former United Nations official and head of the UN mission for the Ebola outbreak Anthony Banbury accuses the UN of "colossal mismanagement," saying it had failed to uphold the principles for which it was established. He cited the organization's "Orwellian admonitions and Carrollian logic" of the UN bureaucracy and minimal accountability regarding the widespread rape and sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers. 

Anthony Banbury, who headed the UN mission on Ebola, said the UN had failed to uphold its own principles


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/19/former-un-official-accuses-world-body-of-colossal-mismanagement)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations announces that peacekeepers in the country will be sent home over a "lack of responsiveness" during an attack on a UN-run refugee camp last February in Malakal that killed at least 40 people. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-announces-that-peacekeepers-in-the-country-will-be-sent-home-over-a-lack-of-responsiveness-during-an-attack-on-a-un-run.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
2. [A suicide bombing at a UN patrol base in Mali results in the deaths of 2 UN peacekeepers and the injury of at least 7 others.  ](/news/2014/08/17/a-suicide-bombing-at-a-un-patrol-base-in-mali-results-in-the-deaths-of-2-un-peacekeepers-and-the-injury-of-at-least-7-others.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
3. [UN troops in the Democratic Republic of the Congo  launch an offensive, shelling positions held by rebels near the eastern city of Goma. ](/news/2013/08/23/un-troops-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-launch-an-offensive-shelling-positions-held-by-rebels-near-the-eastern-city-of-goma.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
4. [Syrian Civil War:United Nations peacekeepers from Austria start withdrawing from the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/06/12/syrian-civil-war-punited-nations-peacekeepers-from-austria-start-withdrawing-from-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
5. [Syrian civil war:Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-pfour-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-isr.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
6. [South Sudan internal conflict (2011-present):Gunmen kill 12 United Nations peacekeepers and civilian staff in an ambush in Jonglei, South Sudan. ](/news/2013/04/9/south-sudan-internal-conflict-2011apresent-pgunmen-kill-12-united-nations-peacekeepers-and-civilian-staff-in-an-ambush-in-jonglei-south.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
7. [Syrian civil war:Rebels free 21 United Nations peacekeepers who were held captive for four days. ](/news/2013/03/9/syrian-civil-war-prebels-free-21-united-nations-peacekeepers-who-were-held-captive-for-four-days.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
