### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# March 2016 Istanbul bombing. An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. 

Five people were killed and 39 others were injured in a suicide bomb attack on March 19 in central Istanbul, on the busy İstiklal Avenue in Taksim.


### Source:

1. [AP via MuskokaRegion.com](http://www.muskokaregion.com/news-story/6398403-3-foreigners-among-5-killed-in-istanbul-suicide-bomb-attack/)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/istanbul-taksim-square-area-hit-explosion-160319091702737.html)
3. [Hürriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/breaking-explosion-in-istanbuls-taksim-injuries-reported.aspx?pageID=238&nID=96661&NewsCatID=341)
4. [Sputnik International](http://sputniknews.com/europe/20160319/1036574734/turkey-istanbul-blast.html)

### Related:

1. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey, United States_
2. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
3. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Iran, Istanbul, Turkey_
4. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, United States_
5. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: Istanbul, Taksim Square, Turkey_
6. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing. Turkish authorities name a Turkish man with alleged ties to the Islamic State responsible for this weekend's suicide bombing in Istanbul. ](/news/2016/03/20/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-turkish-authorities-name-a-turkish-man-with-alleged-ties-to-the-islamic-state-responsible-for-this-weekend-s-su.md) _Context: Istanbul, March 2016 Istanbul bombing, Turkey_
7. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Iran, Turkey, United States_
8. [Turkey-s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt-s President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egypt-s-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Israel, Turkey, United States_
9. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Israel, Turkey, United States_
10. [Iran rebuffs a Stuxnet-style computer worm attack on a power plant in southern Iran. Tehran accuses Israel and the United States of planting the malware. ](/news/2012/12/25/iran-rebuffs-a-stuxnet-style-computer-worm-attack-on-a-power-plant-in-southern-iran-tehran-accuses-israel-and-the-united-states-of-planting.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States_
