### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's "Brilliance of the Seas" cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. 

The rescue comes as President Obama pepares to travel to Cuba for a visit that begins Sunday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Portland Press Herald](http://www.pressherald.com/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-18-rescued-off-florida/)

### Related:

1. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
2. [Cuba and its partners announce plans to drill for oil in Cuban waters in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/04/5/cuba-and-its-partners-announce-plans-to-drill-for-oil-in-cuban-waters-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [ Cuba and Russia sign a deal which allows Russia to begin oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2009/07/29/cuba-and-russia-sign-a-deal-which-allows-russia-to-begin-oil-exploration-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
4. [ Hurricane Ike makes its second landfall on Cuba, near San Cristobal, north of the Isle of Youth, on its way into the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/09/9/hurricane-ike-makes-its-second-landfall-on-cuba-near-san-crista3bal-north-of-the-isle-of-youth-on-its-way-into-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
5. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, Gulf of Mexico_
6. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
7. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
10. [An Aerogaviota-operated Antonov An-26 plane crashes in western Artemisa Province, Cuba, killing eight troops on board. ](/news/2017/04/29/an-aerogaviota-operated-antonov-an-26-plane-crashes-in-western-artemisa-province-cuba-killing-eight-troops-on-board.md) _Context: Cuba_
