### [2016-03-19](/news/2016/03/19/index.md)

# Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with   former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard.  




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9aae82a47c234340b0ce5c16d8937552/protesters-block-main-road-trump-rally)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/19/politics/donald-trump-arizona-joe-arpaio/)
3. [KPHO-TV](http://www.cbs5az.com/story/31516829/anti-trump-protesters-block-streets-in-fountain-hills?autostart=true)

### Related:

1. [The Republican National Committeeman for North Dakota, Curly Haugland, says that the likelihood for outsiders such as Donald Trump to get state electoral votes are slim as the party honor its own elders. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-republican-national-committeeman-for-north-dakota-curly-haugland-says-that-the-likelihood-for-outsiders-such-as-donald-trump-to-get-st.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-honor-his-pledge-to-support-the-eventual-republican-party-pick-for-president-because-i-have.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
3. [The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his  Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-hacker-group-anonymous-follows-through-on-its-threat-and-releases-candidate-donald-trump-s-personal-information-unverified-including-h.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
4. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe  of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's call for a "total and complete ban" on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trumpas-c.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
5. [People in the U.S. state of Arizona protest the introduction of state immigration laws with demonstrators being arrested outside the office of Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2010/07/29/people-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-protest-the-introduction-of-state-immigration-laws-with-demonstrators-being-arrested-outside-the-office.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio, sheriff_
6. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
