### [2011-04-7](/news/2011/04/7/index.md)

# A British government diplomat calls the United States Department of State to draw "attention to our concerns over Bradley Manning", the Welsh-born U.S. serviceman imprisoned by the U.S. military in solitary confinement and forced to sleep naked, conditions condemned by Amnesty International, the American Civil Liberties Union and British MPs among others. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hEcxz8XCj0ebwBBMnwDUuptvx8Yw?docId=CNG.0fd5ca24210dab49ec38e5a6ecabe5eb.d91)

### Related:

1. [A supporter of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning sues the U.S. government after it confiscates his laptop without a warrant. ](/news/2011/05/14/a-supporter-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-sues-the-u-s-government-after-it-confiscates-his-laptop-without-a-warr.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
2. [Daniel Ellsberg, the man who released the Pentagon Papers, says U.S. president Barack Obama has "given a virtual directed verdict" of guilty in the case of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/27/daniel-ellsberg-the-man-who-released-the-pentagon-papers-says-u-s-president-barack-obama-has-given-a-virtual-directed-verdict-of-guilty.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
3. [U.S. president Barack Obama is criticised by supporters of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for interfering in any future trial after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-is-criticised-by-supporters-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-interfering-in-any-futu.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
4. [Demonstrations against the treatment of Bradley Manning:. A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/demonstrations-against-the-treatment-of-bradley-manning-a-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradle.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
5. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
6. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
7. [Judicial system of Turkey. Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/judicial-system-of-turkey-turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terro.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
9. [Castlemartin Training Area. Two British Army soldiers are killed and two others are injured in an incident involving a tank at Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire, Wales. ](/news/2017/06/14/castlemartin-training-area-two-british-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-in-an-incident-involving-a-tank-at-castlemartin.md) _Context: Wales_
10. [North Korea-United States relations. After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
