### [2011-04-7](/news/2011/04/7/index.md)

# Bahrain:. Medecins Sans Frontieres releases a report accusing Bahrain's military of deliberately targeting doctors and hospitals, "paralyzing" them, and turning them into "places to be feared". 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/04/20114781638439583.html)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War. An air strike by the Saudi-led coalition which hit a hospital in northern Yemen run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) kills at least 11 people. ](/news/2016/08/15/yemeni-civil-war-an-air-strike-by-the-saudi-led-coalition-which-hit-a-hospital-in-northern-yemen-run-by-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
2. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency. According to Medecins Sans Frontieres, more than 1,200 people have died of starvation and illness at a refugee camp for those fleeing Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/06/23/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-more-than-1-200-people-have-died-of-starvation-and-illness-at-a-refugee-camp.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
4. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
5. [European migrant crisis. Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, -We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants.- ](/news/2016/03/23/european-migrant-crisis-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawin.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
6. [Attacks on humanitarian workers. The U.S. military disciplines more than a dozen personnel for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last October. No criminal charges are pending. The partially redacted investigation report is expected to be made public shortly. ](/news/2016/03/16/attacks-on-humanitarian-workers-the-u-s-military-disciplines-more-than-a-dozen-personnel-for-mistakes-that-led-to-the-bombing-of-a-ma-c-deci.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
7. [Ethnic violence in South Sudan. Fighting occurs between Shilluk and Dinka youths at a United Nations peacekeeping compound in the city of Malakal which lasts around three hours. Medecins Sans Frontieres reports at least 18 people are killed, including two MSF South Sudanese staff members, and dozens wounded. ](/news/2016/02/18/ethnic-violence-in-south-sudan-fighting-occurs-between-shilluk-and-dinka-youths-at-a-united-nations-peacekeeping-compound-in-the-city-of-ma.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) reports three people are found alive in the rubble of a hospital in northwest Syria hit by Russian airstrikes Monday. ](/news/2016/02/17/syrian-civil-war-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-reports-three-people-are-found-alive-in-the-rubble-of-a-hospital-in-n.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A suspected Saudi missile strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) clinic in Razih, located in Yemen's northern Saada Governorate, leaves at least five people dead and around a dozen injured. ](/news/2016/01/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-suspected-saudi-missile-strike-on-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Battle of Kunduz. The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Medecins Sans Frontieres_
