### [2011-04-7](/news/2011/04/7/index.md)

# UK prime minister David Cameron admits to students in Pakistan that Britain and its empire is to blame for many of the world's problems. 

David Cameron has been criticised for being &ldquo;simplistic and trendy&rdquo; and for being &ldquo;more PC than PM&rdquo; for trying to apologise for Britain&rsquo;s imperial past.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/8432332/David-Cameron-criticised-for-being-simplistic-and-trendy-and-more-PC-than-PM-over-empire-apology.html)

### Related:

1. [Asif Ali Zardari and David Cameron meeting:. After meeting Pakistani President Zardari at Chequers UK Prime Minister Cameron speaks of an "unbreakable" friendship between Britain and Pakistan in his attempts to recover from remarks he made about Pakistan's alleged promotion of terrorism. ](/news/2010/08/6/asif-ali-zardari-and-david-cameron-meeting-after-meeting-pakistani-president-zardari-at-chequers-uk-prime-minister-cameron-speaks-of-an-u.md) _Context: David Cameron, Pakistan_
2. [The Government of Pakistan summons the British High Commissioner to Islamabad for a "dressing down" by Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi over remarks made by the British Prime Minister David Cameron on Pakistan "looking both ways" on terrorism. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-government-of-pakistan-summons-the-british-high-commissioner-to-islamabad-for-a-dressing-down-by-foreign-minister-shah-mehmood-qureshi.md) _Context: David Cameron, Pakistan_
3. [Pakistani intelligence officials cancel a planned visit to the United Kingdom after British Prime Minister David Cameron warned Pakistan to avoid links with groups that "promote the export of terror". However, a visit by President Asif Ali Zardari will go ahead. ](/news/2010/07/31/pakistani-intelligence-officials-cancel-a-planned-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-after-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-warned-pakistan-to.md) _Context: David Cameron, Pakistan_
4. [During a visit to India, British Prime Minister David Cameron warns Pakistan not to have any relationship with groups that "promote the export of terror". ](/news/2010/07/28/during-a-visit-to-india-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-warns-pakistan-not-to-have-any-relationship-with-groups-that-promote-the-expo.md) _Context: David Cameron, Pakistan_
5. [Religion in Pakistan. Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [Charra Pani cable car accident. At least twelve people die and two others are injured after a cable car falls nearly 500 feet into a ditch in Charra Pani, Galyat, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/29/charra-pani-cable-car-accident-at-least-twelve-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-after-a-cable-car-falls-nearly-500-feet-into-a-ditch-i.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [2017 Bahawalpur explosion. Over 150 people die and dozens are injured, many critically, when an oil tanker truck overturns and explodes as people from surrounding villages gather around the truck to collect the spilling oil. The accident happened in Bahawalpur, eastern Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-bahawalpur-explosion-over-150-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-many-critically-when-an-oil-tanker-truck-overturns-and-explodes-as-p.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [Insurgency in Balochistan. Gunmen open fire on construction workers at Gwadar Port, Pakistan, killing at least 10 people. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/13/insurgency-in-balochistan-gunmen-open-fire-on-construction-workers-at-gwadar-port-pakistan-killing-at-least-10-people-the-balochistan-li.md) _Context: Pakistan_
