### [2003-01-20](/news/2003/01/20/index.md)

#  Finsbury Park mosque in Finsbury Park, London, England, often associated with Islamic extremism, was raided by British police in an investigation related to the hunt for the poison ricin. Seven men who were apparently living at the mosque were arrested, and a replica firearm, tear gas and a stun gun were reported as having been found on the premises.




### Related:

1. [At least one person has been killed and ten injured after a van runs over pedestrians outside the Finsbury Park Mosque in the north London suburb of Finsbury Park. Police are investigating the act as a terrorist incident. ](/news/2017/06/19/at-least-one-person-has-been-killed-and-ten-injured-after-a-van-runs-over-pedestrians-outside-the-finsbury-park-mosque-in-the-north-london-s.md) _Context: Finsbury Park Mosque_
2. [Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. ](/news/2016/11/29/protesters-in-brazil-hold-a-violent-demonstration-against-a-proposed-public-spending-cap-in-the-capital-brasilia-police-used-tear-gas-and-r.md) _Context: tear gas_
3. [Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside the Istanbul headquarters of the "Zaman" newspaper which has been taken over by the Turkish government. ](/news/2016/03/5/turkish-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-outside-the-istanbul-headquarters-of-the-zaman-newspaper-which-has-been-taken-over-by-the-turki.md) _Context: tear gas_
4. [Macedonian police use tear gas after hundreds of migrants frustrated with long delays broke a gate on the border with Greece and temporarily cross the border. ](/news/2016/02/29/macedonian-police-use-tear-gas-after-hundreds-of-migrants-frustrated-with-long-delays-broke-a-gate-on-the-border-with-greece-and-temporarily.md) _Context: tear gas_
5. [Kosovo opposition lawmakers twice disrupt today's session of parliament by tossing tear gas into the chamber to protest recent changes giving the country's Serb minority greater powers, and demanding the government's resignation and snap elections. ](/news/2016/02/19/kosovo-opposition-lawmakers-twice-disrupt-today-s-session-of-parliament-by-tossing-tear-gas-into-the-chamber-to-protest-recent-changes-givin.md) _Context: tear gas_
6. [Nicaragua deploys its military to help close its southern border in a dispute with Costa Rica over the passage of Cuban migrants on their way to the United States. Nicaragua's government said Costa Rica's decision to grant seven-day transit visas to 1,200 Cuban migrants who entered the country through Panama, "violated national sovereignty". Nicaraguan troops and riot police fired tear gas at people attempting to enter in what Costa Rica called a "humanitarian crisis". ](/news/2015/11/16/nicaragua-deploys-its-military-to-help-close-its-southern-border-in-a-dispute-with-costa-rica-over-the-passage-of-cuban-migrants-on-their-wa.md) _Context: tear gas_
7. [Hungary's parliament passes a law allowing the Hungarian military to help handle the migrant crisis at its borders with Serbia and Croatia, including the right to use non-lethal force such as rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns. ](/news/2015/09/21/hungary-s-parliament-passes-a-law-allowing-the-hungarian-military-to-help-handle-the-migrant-crisis-at-its-borders-with-serbia-and-croatia.md) _Context: tear gas_
8. [Police in the U.S. city of St. Louis, Missouri make nine arrests and use tear gas to disperse protesters after a killing of an armed man allegedly aiming a gun at police officers earlier in the day. ](/news/2015/08/19/police-in-the-u-s-city-of-st-louis-missouri-make-nine-arrests-and-use-tear-gas-to-disperse-protesters-after-a-killing-of-an-armed-man-all.md) _Context: tear gas_
9. [Sudanese police use tear gas to break up Khartoum protests against government land policy. ](/news/2015/06/12/sudanese-police-use-tear-gas-to-break-up-khartoum-protests-against-government-land-policy.md) _Context: tear gas_
10. [A stampede in the city of Kwekwe in Zimbabwe caused by the police firing tear gas kills at least eleven people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2014/11/21/a-stampede-in-the-city-of-kwekwe-in-zimbabwe-caused-by-the-police-firing-tear-gas-kills-at-least-eleven-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: tear gas_
