### [2012-11-15](/news/2012/11/15/index.md)

# As nationwide protests over fuel price hikes continue in Jordan, unidentified gunmen storm a police station in the northern town of Irbid, leading to the fatal shooting of 22-year-old civilian, and injuries to 13 police officers and 4 protesters. Protests and sporadic looting are reported from Al Karak, Salt and Madaba. 

Police stations come under fire as anger grows over fuel price hikes in the kingdom.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/2012111421456916947.html)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people march through the cities of Amman, Ma'an, Karak, Salt and Irbidin and other parts of Jordan, objecting to the government's inability to stop poverty and increased living costs. Prime Minister Samir Rifai, described as a "coward", is asked to resign. ](/news/2011/01/14/thousands-of-people-march-through-the-cities-of-amman-ma-an-karak-salt-and-irbidin-and-other-parts-of-jordan-objecting-to-the-government.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan, Salt_
2. [Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/12/20/four-police-officers-and-one-suspect-have-been-killed-following-a-raid-on-an-apartment-near-al-karak-in-jordan-two-more-suspects-have-been.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan_
3. [2016 Al-Karak attack. Unknown militants stage a number of attacks across the city of Al-Karak in Jordan, killing five people and injuring at least 10 others. ](/news/2016/12/18/2016-al-karak-attack-unknown-militants-stage-a-number-of-attacks-across-the-city-of-al-karak-in-jordan-killing-five-people-and-injuring-at.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan_
4. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Jordan says an overnight raid on an ISIL cell in the city of Irbid has left seven militants and one security officer dead, with five others injured. Those killed were planning to blow up civilian and military targets in the country, according to the General Intelligence Directorate (GID). ](/news/2016/03/2/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-jordan-says-an-overnight-raid-on-an-isil-cell-in-the-city-of-irbid-has-left-seven-militants-and-one-secur.md) _Context: Irbid, Jordan_
5. [Thirty five people are arrested in Salt, Jordan, to restore calm after four days of rioting following the police shooting of an alleged traffic violator. ](/news/2010/11/21/thirty-five-people-are-arrested-in-salt-jordan-to-restore-calm-after-four-days-of-rioting-following-the-police-shooting-of-an-alleged-traf.md) _Context: Jordan, Salt_
6. [Jordan-United States relations. Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordan-united-states-relations-jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: Jordan_
7. [Israel-Jordan relations. 2017 Amman incident. Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [2017 Amman incident. A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/2017-amman-incident-a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordania.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Jordan_
