### [2012-11-15](/news/2012/11/15/index.md)

# BP announces it will plead guilty to charges of manslaughter and obstruction of Congress, and will pay a total of US$4.5 billion to the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission. 

BP will plead guilty to a dozen felony charges stemming from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, and agreed to pay $4.5 billion in government penalties, the oil company said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-11-15/bp-resolution-with-doj-includes-4-billion-paid-in-installments.html)
2. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2012/11/15/news/bp-oil-spill-settlement/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)
3. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324556304578120140555122104.html?mod=WSJ_hpp_LEFTTopStories)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice files papers in court documenting BP's "gross negligence and willful misconduct" over the April 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/09/4/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-papers-in-court-documenting-bp-s-gross-negligence-and-willful-misconduct-over-the-april-2010.md) _Context: BP, U.S. Justice Department_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
3. [President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2017/08/31/president-donald-trump-is-expected-to-nominate-columbia-university-law-professor-robert-jackson-to-be-a-member-of-the-securities-and-exchang.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
7. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [A BP Alaskan North Slope oil well near Deadhorse Airport, that was leaking oil and natural gas since it was discovered on Friday, is successfully plugged, according to private and government reports. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-bp-alaskan-north-slope-oil-well-near-deadhorse-airport-that-was-leaking-oil-and-natural-gas-since-it-was-discovered-on-friday-is-success.md) _Context: BP_
9. [Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-denies-the-justice-department-s-request-to-stay-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
