### [2012-11-15](/news/2012/11/15/index.md)

# Operation Pillar of Defense:Three Israeli civilians are killed in Kiryat Malachi, Israel, in a further barrage of rocket attacks on southern Israel from Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. Rockets have hit apartment buildings, schools and private houses so far. 

Israeli cities suffer constant assaults, Iron Dome downs dozens of rockets as Operation Pillar of Defense enters second day


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/20121115135540965773.html)
2. [KleineOnline](http://kleinonline.wnd.com/2012/11/15/rockets-strike-tel-aviv-suburb-hamas-debating-further-escalation-as-israel-continues-large-scale-operation/)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=291954)
4. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/rockets-rain-down-on-south-after-israel-launches-operation-pillar-of-defense/)

### Related:

1. [For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel.  There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-reports-of-injuries-or-claims-of-responsi.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire rockets towards Hof Ashkelon region in southern Israel; the rockets are intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome defense system. ](/news/2014/02/6/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-rockets-towards-hof-ashkelon-region-in-southern-israel-the-rockets-are-intercepted-by-israel-s.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. ](/news/2013/03/21/gazaaisrael-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strip-land-in-sderot-israel-in-violation-of-the-ceasefire-brokered-after-the-eight-day.md) _Context: Israel, eight-day conflict_
5. [Following Israel's recent assault on Gaza, some footballers sign a letter of condemnation against plans to hold the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in Israel next summer; among the signatories are Eden Hazard, Abou Diaby, Papiss Cisse, Cheick Tiote, Sylvain Marveaux, Yohan Cabaye, Demba Ba, Didier Drogba and Frederic Kanoute. ](/news/2012/11/30/following-israel-s-recent-assault-on-gaza-some-footballers-sign-a-letter-of-condemnation-against-plans-to-hold-the-2013-uefa-european-under.md) _Context: Israel, eight-day conflict_
6. [Operation Pillar of Defense:A ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, announced by Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr and US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, comes into effect at 7:00 pm local time. ](/news/2012/11/21/operation-pillar-of-defense-pa-ceasefire-between-israel-and-hamas-announced-by-egyptian-foreign-minister-mohamed-kamel-amr-and-us-secretary.md) _Context: Israel, eight-day conflict_
7. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-pisraeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over.md) _Context: Israel, eight-day conflict_
8. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Israel, eight-day conflict_
9. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Arab-Israeli conflict:One Israeli is killed, seven are wounded in Beersheba and three Palestinian illegal aliens are wounded near the city of Ashdod by incoming mortars and rockets launched from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/08/20/arab-israeli-conflict-pone-israeli-is-killed-seven-are-wounded-in-beersheba-and-three-palestinian-illegal-aliens-are-wounded-near-the-city.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
