### [2017-06-5](/news/2017/06/5/index.md)

# 2017 Brighton siege. In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. 

Police say they are treating yesterday&#039;s shooting and hostage situation in Melbourne, which left two people dead, including the gunman, as terrorism. Yacqub Khayre (pictured) was shot dead after a stand-off with armed officers.


### Source:

1. [Aus. Broadcasting Corp.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-06-06/islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-brighton-siege/8591540)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/law-order/emergency-crews-responding-to-explosion-in-brighton/news-story/432d22f46235bc4f810581d6cd5965d7)

### Related:

1. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Melbourne, Victoria Police_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
3. [Child sexual abuse in Australia. Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/child-sexual-abuse-in-australia-victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third.md) _Context: Victoria Police_
4. [2017 Essendon Airport Beechcraft King Air crash. A charter plane crashes into a Direct Factory Outlets shopping centre in Melbourne, Australia, shortly after taking off from Essendon Airport, killing the five people on board. ](/news/2017/02/21/2017-essendon-airport-beechcraft-king-air-crash-a-charter-plane-crashes-into-a-direct-factory-outlets-shopping-centre-in-melbourne-austral.md) _Context: Melbourne_
5. [2017 Istanbul nightclub shooting. Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/2017-istanbul-nightclub-shooting-abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Terrorism in Australia. Australian police raid several Melbourne properties and arrest seven Arab Australian men, who were believed to be plotting a terrorist attack on several sites in Melbourne for Christmas Day. ](/news/2016/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-raid-several-melbourne-properties-and-arrest-seven-arab-australian-men-who-were-believed-to-be-pl.md) _Context: Melbourne_
9. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Melbourne_
10. [In Melbourne Australia, a homeless asylum seeker battling mental issues from Myanmar's persecuted Rohingya community set himself on fire in an arson attack that injured 26 people. Victoria-s Premier Daniel Andrews there was no suggestion the suspect had terrorist motives.](/news/2016/11/18/in-melbourne-australia-a-homeless-asylum-seeker-battling-mental-issues-from-myanmar-s-persecuted-rohingya-community-set-himself-on-fire-in.md) _Context: Melbourne_
