### [2017-06-5](/news/2017/06/5/index.md)

# After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. 

The U.S. Department of Justice on Monday charged a federal contractor with sending classified material to a news organization that sources identified to Reuters as The Intercept, marking one of the first concrete efforts by the Trump administration to crack down on leaks to the media.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-leaks-idUSKBN18W2VE)

### Related:

1. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
2. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
3. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/23/former-cia-director-john-brennan-tells-the-house-intelligence-committee-he-knew-of-contacts-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
6. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
8. [United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes recuses himself from the committee's probe into Russian interference in the  2016 presidential election; Rep. Mike Conaway will take the lead in this investigation. ](/news/2017/04/6/united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-chairman-rep-devin-nunes-recuses-himself-from-the-committeeas-probe-into-r.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
9. [Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongoing-congressional-probe-on-russia-s-role-in-the-2016-u-s.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
10. [The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing-about-russian-interference-in-the-2016-election-and-confi.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
