### [2017-06-5](/news/2017/06/5/index.md)

# After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. 

The U.S. Department of Justice on Monday charged a federal contractor with sending classified material to a news organization that sources identified to Reuters as The Intercept, marking one of the first concrete efforts by the Trump administration to crack down on leaks to the media.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-leaks-idUSKBN18W2VE)
1. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170606&t=2&i=1187735461&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED5504G)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, United States Department of Justice_
2. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
3. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
5. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
6. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
7. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
8. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
10. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
