### [2017-06-5](/news/2017/06/5/index.md)

# In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. 

Police say they are treating yesterday&#039;s shooting and hostage situation in Melbourne, which left two people dead, including the gunman, as terrorism. Yacqub Khayre (pictured) was shot dead after a stand-off with armed officers.


### Source:

1. [Aus. Broadcasting Corp.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-06-06/islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-brighton-siege/8591540)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/law-order/emergency-crews-responding-to-explosion-in-brighton/news-story/432d22f46235bc4f810581d6cd5965d7)

### Related:

1. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Melbourne, Victoria Police_
2. [A charter plane crashes into a Direct Factory Outlets shopping centre in Melbourne, Australia, shortly after taking off from Essendon Airport, killing the five people on board. ](/news/2017/02/21/a-charter-plane-crashes-into-a-direct-factory-outlets-shopping-centre-in-melbourne-australia-shortly-after-taking-off-from-essendon-airpor.md) _Context: Melbourne_
3. [Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-people-and-is-remanded-in-custody-isla.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-a.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
5. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Australian police raid several Melbourne properties and arrest seven Arab Australian men, who were believed to be plotting a terrorist attack on several sites in Melbourne for Christmas Day. ](/news/2016/12/23/australian-police-raid-several-melbourne-properties-and-arrest-seven-arab-australian-men-who-were-believed-to-be-plotting-a-terrorist-attac.md) _Context: Melbourne_
7. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Melbourne_
8. [In Melbourne Australia, a homeless asylum seeker battling mental issues from Myanmar's persecuted Rohingya community set himself on fire in an arson attack that injured 26 people. Victoria's Premier Daniel Andrews there was no suggestion the suspect had terrorist motives.](/news/2016/11/18/in-melbourne-australia-a-homeless-asylum-seeker-battling-mental-issues-from-myanmar-s-persecuted-rohingya-community-set-himself-on-fire-in.md) _Context: Melbourne_
9. [At least 52 people, including women and children, have been killed and more than 100 injured by a bomb explosion in the crowded Shah Noorani Shrine in Hub town, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/at-least-52-people-including-women-and-children-have-been-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-by-a-bomb-explosion-in-the-crowded-shah-noorani.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-re.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
