### [2017-06-5](/news/2017/06/5/index.md)

# United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: The "charge d'affaires" of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's announcement he will withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-diplomacy-idUSKBN18W2NT?feedType=RSS&feedName=newsOne&google_editors_picks=true)

### Related:

1. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-p.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, climate change mitigation_
2. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
3. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits as an official advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump in protest at the United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-elon-musk-quits-as-an-official-advisor-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-in-protest-at-the-u.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
4. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake: A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
5. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
6. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China_
7. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China_
8. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
9. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China_
10. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: China_
