### [2002-12-16](/news/2002/12/16/index.md)

# Former Vice President and 2000 Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore announces on the CBS News' "60 Minutes" that he will not seek election to the presidency in 2004.




### Related:

1. [ Four CBS News staffers are fired following the release of an independent investigation of a 60 Minutes story about U.S. President George W. Bush's military service that relied on forged documents. ](/news/2005/01/10/four-cbs-news-staffers-are-fired-following-the-release-of-an-independent-investigation-of-a-60-minutes-story-about-u-s-president-george-w.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS News_
2. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of "CBS Evening News". Pelley will remain with "CBS News" as a correspondent in "60 Minutes". ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs-ne.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: CBS News_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump is seeking top secret security clearances for his children, according to CBS News. ](/news/2016/11/14/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-is-seeking-top-secret-security-clearances-for-his-children-according.md) _Context: CBS News_
5. [2012 Benghazi attack:. CBS suspends Lara Logan and her producer after she admitted that portions of her "60 Minutes" report on the death of U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens were false. ](/news/2013/11/26/2012-benghazi-attack-cbs-suspends-lara-logan-and-her-producer-after-she-admitted-that-portions-of-her-60-minutes-report-on-the-death-of.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
6. [News channel Al Jazeera acquires Current TV from Al Gore and Joel Hyatt. ](/news/2013/01/3/news-channel-al-jazeera-acquires-current-tv-from-al-gore-and-joel-hyatt.md) _Context: Al Gore_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama claims that "there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside of Pakistan" on 60 Minutes. ](/news/2011/05/8/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-claims-that-there-had-to-be-some-sort-of-support-network-for-bin-laden-inside-of-pakistan.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
8. [60 Minutes, an influential news program, runs a segment with Meredith Whitney a bank analyst credited with a timely bearish call in 2008, in which she predicts hundreds of millions of dollars worth of defaults by U.S. municipalities. ](/news/2010/12/19/60-minutes-an-influential-news-program-runs-a-segment-with-meredith-whitney-a-bank-analyst-credited-with-a-timely-bearish-call-in-2008-in.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
9. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore is cleared of claims that he assaulted a masseuse in Portland, Oregon in 2006. ](/news/2010/07/30/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-is-cleared-of-claims-that-he-assaulted-a-masseuse-in-portland-oregon-in-2006.md) _Context: Al Gore_
10. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation. ](/news/2010/06/1/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-and-his-wife-tipper-announce-their-separation.md) _Context: Al Gore_
