### [2002-12-16](/news/2002/12/16/index.md)

# Opposition protesters blockaded highways in and around the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, angered by President Hugo Chavez's resolve to hang on to power, called for an escalation in its campaign to remove him.




### Related:

1. [Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, dies in office at the age of 58 in the capital, Caracas. ](/news/2013/03/5/hugo-cha-vez-the-president-of-venezuela-dies-in-office-at-the-age-of-58-in-the-capital-caracas.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
2. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Caracas, President, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Caracas, President, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas, President, Venezuela_
6. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
7. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
8. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a snap presidential election, which was called after the death of President Hugo Chavez on March 5. ](/news/2013/04/14/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-presidential-election-which-was-called-after-the-death-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-on-march-5.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
9. [Following the state funeral of former President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez, Vice President Nicolas Maduro is officially sworn in as Interim President. ](/news/2013/03/8/following-the-state-funeral-of-former-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-vice-president-nicola-s-maduro-is-officially-sworn-in-as-interim.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
10. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. ](/news/2013/01/9/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-rules-that-the-latest-inauguration-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-can-be-deferred-while-his-recovery-c.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President, Venezuela_
