### [2005-05-26](/news/2005/05/26/index.md)

#  The British Association of University Teachers decides to cancel the boycott on Israeli Universities of Haifa and Bar-Ilan. The decision comes in a special meeting after both external and internal debate over the original decision.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/education/4582955.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://education.guardian.co.uk/higher/worldwide/story/0,9959,1493084,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Association of University Teachers, the leading British academic group, has voted to boycott two Israeli universities, Haifa University and Bar-Ilan University, over their alleged involvement in "illegal activity" in the occupied territories. The AUT said it voted for the boycott in response to a plea for action by a group of Palestinian academics. It was condemned by the Israeli Embassy, the British Ambassador in Israel, by Jewish Human Rights groups and by Universities UK. ](/news/2005/04/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-association-of-university-teachers-the-leading-british-academic-group-has-voted-to-boycott-two-israeli.md) _Context: Association of University Teachers, Bar-Ilan, Britain, Israel_
2. [Syrian Civil War:. The United States Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel claims that US intelligence has concluded "with some degree of varying confidence" that the Government of Syria has used sarin gas during the past two years in the civil war. The Israeli and British governments made similar statements. ](/news/2013/04/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-defence-chuck-hagel-claims-that-us-intelligence-has-concluded-with-some-degree-of-varying.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
3. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
4. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
5. [Israel criticises Britain's ambassador to Lebanon for eulogising Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah, who recently died. ](/news/2010/07/9/israel-criticises-britain-s-ambassador-to-lebanon-for-eulogising-mohammad-hussein-fadlallah-who-recently-died.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
6. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
7. [An Israeli parliamentary lobby group submits a bill, supported by 25 politicians, proposing that boycotts of Israel be outlawed. ](/news/2010/06/11/an-israeli-parliamentary-lobby-group-submits-a-bill-supported-by-25-politicians-proposing-that-boycotts-of-israel-be-outlawed.md) _Context: Israel, boycott_
8. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
9. [Assassination of senior Hamas commander in Dubai:. The British and Irish governments call in their Israeli ambassadors over the use of fake passports by the alleged killers of a Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/02/18/assassination-of-senior-hamas-commander-in-dubai-the-british-and-irish-governments-call-in-their-israeli-ambassadors-over-the-use-of-fake.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
10. [ Israel condemns the issuing of a war crimes arrest warrant in the United Kingdom for former Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni. ](/news/2009/12/15/israel-condemns-the-issuing-of-a-war-crimes-arrest-warrant-in-the-united-kingdom-for-former-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni.md) _Context: Britain, Israel_
