### [2017-04-4](/news/2017/04/4/index.md)

# A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. 

The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group says there were 58 killed, while Union of Medical Care Organizations says at least 100 were killed


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/syria-chemical-attack-reportedly-kills-dozens-idlib-province-n742416?cid=eml_nbn_20170404)
2. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/syrian-group-says-death-toll-in-suspected-gas-attack-up-to-58/article34574153/)
2. [Cover Image](http://static.theglobeandmail.ca/3bd/news/world/article34574601.ece/ALTERNATES/w620/web-syria-gas-4.JPG)

### Related:

1. [The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gove.md) _Context: Khan Shaykhun, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/around-1-500a2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-governorate-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-lebanon-syria-border.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuation-of-the-last-group-of-rebels-to-the-idlib-gover.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held-idlib-governorate.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Before a ceasefire takes effect tomorrow, over 100 people have been killed and over 100 injured in airstrikes on rebel-held Idlib. ](/news/2016/09/11/before-a-ceasefire-takes-effect-tomorrow-over-100-people-have-been-killed-and-over-100-injured-in-airstrikes-on-rebel-held-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Following a ceasefire agreement with the government, Syrian rebels begin evacuating the war-torn suburb of Darayya, near Damascus, ending a four-year-long siege by government forces. Under the terms of surrender, the 8,000 civilians who reside in the suburb will be moved to regime-controlled areas while several hundred rebel fighters will be given passage to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/08/26/following-a-ceasefire-agreement-with-the-government-syrian-rebels-begin-evacuating-the-war-torn-suburb-of-darayya-near-damascus-ending-a.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A Syria Civil Defence volunteer search and rescue team says 33 people, mostly women and children, were affected by toxic gas dropped from a helicopter on Saraqeb in rebel-held Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/08/2/a-syria-civil-defence-volunteer-search-and-rescue-team-says-33-people-mostly-women-and-children-were-affected-by-toxic-gas-dropped-from-a.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
