### [2017-04-4](/news/2017/04/4/index.md)

# Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. 

Another round of severe weather with damaging winds is expected to sweep across the South on Wednesday, bringing damaging winds in Alabama and Georgia, according to forecasters.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/04/04/severe-weather-alabama-governor-declares-emergency-south-braces-for-more-storms.html)

### Related:

1. [Robert J. Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency following Monday's gas explosion in a Colonial Pipeline pipeline. The explosion killed one person and injured five. ](/news/2016/11/1/robert-j-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-monday-s-gas-explosion-in-a-colonial-pipeline-pipeline.md) _Context: Governor of Alabama, Robert Bentley, states of emergency_
2. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
3. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Georgia, tornado_
4. [The Governor of the US state of Alabama, Robert Bentley, orders flags on state government buildings to fly at half-mast following the death of civil rights leader Fred Shuttlesworth. ](/news/2011/10/5/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-orders-flags-on-state-government-buildings-to-fly-at-half-mast-following-the-death.md) _Context: Governor of Alabama, Robert Bentley_
5. [The Governor of Arkansas Mike Beebe declares a state of emergency following heavy storms including tornadoes hit the US state of Arkansas with at least two people dead and 100,000 without power. ](/news/2011/04/25/the-governor-of-arkansas-mike-beebe-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-tornadoes-hit-the-us-state-of-arkansas-wi.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
6. [ Tornadoes of 2008: The Governor of Nebraska Dave Heineman declares a state of emergency in relation to tornadoes in the towns of Kearney, Nebraska, and Aurora, Nebraska. ](/news/2008/05/29/tornadoes-of-2008-the-governor-of-nebraska-dave-heineman-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-relation-to-tornadoes-in-the-towns-of-kearney-n.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
7. [ Weld County Tornado: One person is killed and at least 100 are injured in Weld County, Colorado after a tornado tears through the county. Colorado Governor Bill Ritter declares a state of emergency and activates the Colorado National Guard in the affected region. ](/news/2008/05/22/weld-county-tornado-one-person-is-killed-and-at-least-100-are-injured-in-weld-county-colorado-after-a-tornado-tears-through-the-county-c.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
8. [ The Mayor of Atlanta, Shirley Franklin, declares a state of emergency following the previous night's tornado, while northwest Georgia is hit by more tornadoes, causing at least one death. ](/news/2008/03/15/the-mayor-of-atlanta-shirley-franklin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-the-previous-night-s-tornado-while-northwest-georgia-is-hi.md) _Context: Georgia, states of emergency_
9. [ A tornado strikes southern Missouri killing a seven-year-old girl. Tornadoes in Alabama kill at least ten people including eight students at Enterprise High School. In Georgia, at least nine people die in storms. It is part of a larger tornado outbreak. ](/news/2007/03/1/a-tornado-strikes-southern-missouri-killing-a-seven-year-old-girl-tornadoes-in-alabama-kill-at-least-ten-people-including-eight-students-a.md) _Context: Georgia, tornado_
10. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
