### [2017-04-4](/news/2017/04/4/index.md)

#  The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. 

The ruling is a major victory for LGBTQ community fighting discrimination


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1fe7c55acba44b4094d0de338db9b8be/court-civil-rights-law-covers-lgbt-workplace-bias)
2. [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/04/04/federal-court-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-workplace-bias/100046514/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Justice Department notifies North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory that the state's new law which limits restroom access for transgender people violates the U.S. Civil Rights Act, and asks for a response by May 9 whether the state will correct "these violations of Title VII." The Governor's statement in response does not specifically say what the state will do. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-u-s-justice-department-notifies-north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-that-the-state-s-new-law-which-limits-restroom-access-for-transgend.md) _Context: 1964 Civil Rights Act_
2. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
3. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as "religious freedom" bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here." Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
4. [Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant approves a new law that allows religious groups and private businesses to deny services to gay and transgender people. ](/news/2016/04/5/mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-approves-a-new-law-that-allows-religious-groups-and-private-businesses-to-deny-services-to-gay-and-transgen.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
5. [Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. ](/news/2016/04/13/louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-signs-an-anti-discrimination-order-protecting-the-rights-of-gay-and-transgender-people-that-rescinds-one.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
6. [The 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals holds in favor of Google in a lawsuit based on Wisconsin privacy laws in a decision that will tend to protect the vendors of search engines from those who object to the unwholesome responses they get when entering a vanity search. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-7th-circuit-u-s-court-of-appeals-holds-in-favor-of-google-in-a-lawsuit-based-on-wisconsin-privacy-laws-in-a-decision-that-will-tend-to.md) _Context: 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit overturns an Illinois law banning the carrying of concealed weapons. ](/news/2012/12/11/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-seventh-circuit-overturns-an-illinois-law-banning-the-carrying-of-concealed-weapons.md) _Context: 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals_
8. [Republican and LGBT rights campaigner Fred Karger launches a campaign in the U.S. states of Iowa and New Hampshire aiming to become President of the United States. ](/news/2011/02/13/republican-and-lgbt-rights-campaigner-fred-karger-launches-a-campaign-in-the-u-s-states-of-iowa-and-new-hampshire-aiming-to-become-presiden.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
9. [A U.S. Court of Appeals upholds the conviction of Conrad Black for one fraud count and one obstruction-of-justice charge, while reversing two other fraud counts on the basis of a Supreme Court decision last year. ](/news/2010/10/29/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-upholds-the-conviction-of-conrad-black-for-one-fraud-count-and-one-obstruction-of-justice-charge-while-reversing-tw.md) _Context: 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals_
10. [An American appeals court grants bail to newspaper publisher Conrad Black. ](/news/2010/07/20/an-american-appeals-court-grants-bail-to-newspaper-publisher-conrad-black.md) _Context: 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals_
