### [2016-12-9](/news/2016/12/9/index.md)

# South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. 




### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/south-korea-president-park-geun-hye-impeached-stunning-fall-article-1.2903996)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/09/world/asia/south-korea-president-park-geun-hye-impeached.html)

### Related:

1. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Constitutional Court, Hwang Kyo-ahn, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
2. [ The parliament of South Korea votes to impeach President Roh Moo-hyun, saying he "breached election rules" by calling for support for the Uri Party. Prime Minister Goh Kun will run the country until the Constitutional Court rules on the issue. Roh's supporters dismiss the move as a power play to influence the upcoming April elections. Thousands protest in support of Roh. ](/news/2004/03/12/the-parliament-of-south-korea-votes-to-impeach-president-roh-moo-hyun-saying-he-breached-election-rules-by-calling-for-support-for-the-u.md) _Context: President of South Korea, Prime Minister, South Korea, impeach_
3. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
4. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
5. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [A bill is introduced into the South Korean National Assembly to impeach President Park Geun-hye. A vote is expected tomorrow. ](/news/2016/12/8/a-bill-is-introduced-into-the-south-korean-national-assembly-to-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-a-vote-is-expected-tomorrow.md) _Context: Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
7. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
9. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
