### [2016-12-9](/news/2016/12/9/index.md)

# The European Union grants visa-free travel for  Georgia and Ukraine. 

The European Union will let Ukrainians and Georgians visit the bloc freely after diplomats and lawmakers agreed on Thursday on an emergency brake to suspend visa waivers, ending an EU dispute holding this up.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-eu-idUSKBN13X0QI)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, Georgia_
2. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, Georgia_
3. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
4. [Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili resigns as governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa, citing corruption in Odessa as the main reason. ](/news/2016/11/7/former-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-resigns-as-governor-of-the-ukrainian-region-of-odessa-citing-corruption-in-odessa-as-the-main.md) _Context: Georgia, Ukrainian_
5. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Georgia, Ukrainian_
7. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
8. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: European Union, free travel_
9. [The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-unclear-how-fast-the-liberalization-proce.md) _Context: European Union, Ukrainian_
10. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: European Union, free travel_
