### [2016-12-9](/news/2016/12/9/index.md)

# University of Washington researchers report, in the peer-reviewed "Journal of the American Medical Association Oncology", the discovery of an odontoma -- a "benign tumor" -- in the fossil of a 255-million-year old Tanzanian mammal-like saber-toothed gorgonopsia. This is one of the oldest-known tumors ever found. 

Scientists examining the jawbone of a saber-toothed, mammal-like beast that prowled Tanzania 255 million years ago have come across a remarkable fossil rarity: one of the oldest-known tumors.


### Source:

1. [JAMA](http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamaoncology/fullarticle/2591155)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-science-tumor-idUSKBN13X2PG?feedType=RSS&feedName=scienceNews)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Science_News/2016/12/08/Tumor-found-in-fossil-of-255-million-year-old-mammal-predecessor/3711481214971/)
3. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20161209&t=2&i=1164753661&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPECB71BT)

### Related:

1. [As many as 30 people, mostly children, are killed after a school bus plunges off a road into a steep ravine in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania. ](/news/2017/05/6/as-many-as-30-people-mostly-children-are-killed-after-a-school-bus-plunges-off-a-road-into-a-steep-ravine-in-the-arusha-region-of-northern.md) _Context: Tanzania_
2. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Tanzania_
3. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Tanzania_
4. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: Tanzania_
5. [The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tanzanian-electricity-project-after-c.md) _Context: Tanzania_
6. [A rerun of Zanzibar's presidential election takes place amid an opposition boycott. The election originally occurred at the same time as Tanzania's general election in 2015 but was annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-rerun-of-zanzibar-s-presidential-election-takes-place-amid-an-opposition-boycott-the-election-originally-occurred-at-the-same-time-as-tan.md) _Context: Tanzania_
7. [Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s-election-for-the-presidency-before.md) _Context: Tanzania_
8. [Voters in Tanzania, including Tanganyika and semi-autonomous Zanzibar, which also elects its own government, go to the polls for an election with the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (Revolutionary Party) facing the greatest challenge to its dominance in over 50 years. ](/news/2015/10/25/voters-in-tanzania-including-tanganyika-and-semi-autonomous-zanzibar-which-also-elects-its-own-government-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election.md) _Context: Tanzania_
9. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: benign tumor_
10. [At least 19 people are killed as a gold mine collapses in Tanzania's Msalala district. ](/news/2015/04/18/at-least-19-people-are-killed-as-a-gold-mine-collapses-in-tanzania-s-msalala-district.md) _Context: Tanzania_
