### [2005-01-23](/news/2005/01/23/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq:: U.S. Ambassador John Negroponte confirms there is an investigation into the alleged loss or transfer of $300 million USD to a Beirut bank by Iraqi interim Defence Minister, Hazim al-Shaalan to purchase arms. 




### Source:

1. [ABC AU](http://www.abc.com.au/news/newsitems/200501/s1287364.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4199935.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Four American soldiers are killed following an IED attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad. ](/news/2005/12/13/conflict-in-iraq-four-american-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-ied-attack-in-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Jean Ziegler, a Human rights investigator and senior United Nations official, has accuses the United States and occupying forces of "using hunger and deprivation of water as a weapon of war against the civilian population" in Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/15/conflict-in-iraq-jean-ziegler-a-human-rights-investigator-and-senior-united-nations-official-has-accuses-the-united-states-and-occupyin.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: According to U.S. and Iraqi government officials, US Air strikes near the border with Syria have left 56 civilians and over seven insurgents dead. ](/news/2005/08/30/conflict-in-iraq-according-to-u-s-and-iraqi-government-officials-us-air-strikes-near-the-border-with-syria-have-left-56-civilians-and-ov.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: A group of at least 40 Iraqi insurgents attacks Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, using car bombs, grenades, and small arms. At least 20 American soldiers and 12 Iraqi prisoners are injured, but the US Army says it has put down the assault. ](/news/2005/04/3/conflict-in-iraq-a-group-of-at-least-40-iraqi-insurgents-attacks-baghdad-s-abu-ghraib-prison-using-car-bombs-grenades-and-small-arms-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results.: In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60.: Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad.: Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four.: In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home.: A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. guards shoot dead four Iraqi prisoners following an alleged riot at the Camp Bucca prison in southern Iraq. ](/news/2005/01/31/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-guards-shoot-dead-four-iraqi-prisoners-following-an-alleged-riot-at-the-camp-bucca-prison-in-southern-iraq.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S.-led forces in Iraq have destroyed and contaminated precious ancient Babylonian archaeological evidence and sites according to a report by the British Museum. ](/news/2005/01/15/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-led-forces-in-iraq-have-destroyed-and-contaminated-precious-ancient-babylonian-archaeological-evidence-and-sites-acc.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, United States_
9. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$, United States_
10. [Iraq-United States relations: The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
