### [2009-03-18](/news/2009/03/18/index.md)

#  Federal Reserve System Chairman Ben Bernanke caps United States Treasury Department yields. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=a.oPptvhgVK0&refer=home)

### Related:

1. [ Global financial crisis of 2008-2009: United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Philadelphia Fed Bank President Charles Plosser differ publicly on stabilizing the economy. ](/news/2009/01/14/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-2009-p-united-states-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-and-philadelphia-fed-bank-president-charles-plos.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
2. [In an unprecedented question and answer meeting with reporters, the U.S. Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke expects less economic growth for 2011 as the economy has been weaker in recent months than he had thought it would be. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-an-unprecedented-question-and-answer-meeting-with-reporters-the-u-s-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-expects-less-economic-growth.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, U.S. Federal Reserve_
3. [A spokesman for U.S. President Barack Obama expresses the administration's support for a second term for the incumbent Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, and says lawmakers would send a bad message by "playing politics in any way" with Bernanke's confirmation. ](/news/2010/01/24/a-spokesman-for-u-s-president-barack-obama-expresses-the-administration-s-support-for-a-second-term-for-the-incumbent-chairman-of-the-feder.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, United States_
4. [ Amid news of slower-than expected growth and a quarterly rise in the unemployment rate in the United States, Federal Reserve System Chairman Ben Bernanke announced that there will be no increase to the Fed fund rate, ending a two-year period of rising interest rates. ](/news/2006/08/8/amid-news-of-slower-than-expected-growth-and-a-quarterly-rise-in-the-unemployment-rate-in-the-united-states-federal-reserve-system-chairma.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
5. [The Federal Reserve System raises the benchmark interest rate in the United States to a level between 0.5 and 0.75%. This is the second time in a decade that the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-federal-reserve-system-raises-the-benchmark-interest-rate-in-the-united-states-to-a-level-between-0-5-and-0-75-this-is-the-second-time.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
6. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: United States, United States Treasury Department_
7. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: United States, United States Treasury Department_
8. [The U.S. Department of Treasury may probe why Bloomberg News reporters were monitoring how investment bank employees searched their site for financial information, including U.S. Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. ](/news/2013/05/13/the-u-s-department-of-treasury-may-probe-why-bloomberg-news-reporters-were-monitoring-how-investment-bank-employees-searched-their-site-for.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
9. [Most of the largest financial institutions in the United States pass a Federal Reserve System stress test although Citigroup, MetLife, Ally Financial and SunTrust do not. ](/news/2012/03/13/most-of-the-largest-financial-institutions-in-the-united-states-pass-a-federal-reserve-system-stress-test-although-citigroup-metlife-ally.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Reserve, United States_
10. [Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve, gives a keynote address at a central banks conference at the US resort of Jackson Hole, Wyoming as statistics show that the US economy grew by 1%. ](/news/2011/08/26/ben-bernanke-the-chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-gives-a-keynote-address-at-a-central-banks-conference-at-the-us-resort-of-j.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
