### [2004-11-25](/news/2004/11/25/index.md)

#  India proposes to Pakistan that India grant Kashmir a large amount of autonomy, in order to end the state of war between the two countries, but that the current border can not be modified. Pakistan recently proposed that Kashmir be demilitarized, split along ethnic/religious lines and granted independence or transferred to United Nations control. [//en.wikipedia.org/w/wiki.phtml?title=Current_events&action=edit&section=9 (Reuters)]




### Related:

1. [ Bangladeshi UN peacekeepers are attacked by Laurent Gbagbo's "Young Patriots" in Cte d'Ivoire. At least three people have been killed, and the UN has warned that the country is sliding towards war. ](/news/2006/01/18/bangladeshi-un-peacekeepers-are-attacked-by-laurent-gbagbo-s-young-patriots-in-cote-d-ivoire-at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-and.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
2. [ In Pristina, Kosovo, three bombs explode almost at the same time 9:30 PM. They explode near Kosovo's parliament building and EAR building; at the Commercial Bank near the OSCE building; and local United Nations peacekeeping headquarters. No injuries are reported. President Ibrahim Rugova and prime minister Bajram Kosumi state that the explosions were intended to "destabilize" the region prior to assessment of possibilities for future independence. ](/news/2005/07/3/in-pristina-kosovo-three-bombs-explode-almost-at-the-same-time-9-30-pm-they-explode-near-kosovo-s-parliament-building-and-ear-building.md) _Context: United Nations, independent_
3. [ A United Nations legal team meet Indonesian officials to begin an inquiry for human rights abuses and killings related to East Timor's independence in 1999. ](/news/2005/05/19/a-united-nations-legal-team-meet-indonesian-officials-to-begin-an-inquiry-for-human-rights-abuses-and-killings-related-to-east-timor-s-inde.md) _Context: United Nations, independent_
4. [ The Spanish parliament rejects an appeal from the Basque regional government for more autonomy and a referendum for eventual independence. ](/news/2005/02/2/the-spanish-parliament-rejects-an-appeal-from-the-basque-regional-government-for-more-autonomy-and-a-referendum-for-eventual-independence.md) _Context: autonomy, independent_
5. [ In Spain, parliament of the Basque regions favors increasing autonomy and eventual negotiated independence ](/news/2004/12/30/in-spain-parliament-of-the-basque-regions-favors-increasing-autonomy-and-eventual-negotiated-independence.md) _Context: autonomy, independent_
6. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
7. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: war_
8. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
