### [2004-11-25](/news/2004/11/25/index.md)

#  Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6920959&section=news)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: EU, IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ A diplomat claims that an International Atomic Energy Agency document claims that Iran has assembled some 1,300 centrifuges at a key underground nuclear plant in Natanz and has started to feed them with the uranium gas necessary for enriching uranium. ](/news/2007/04/18/a-diplomat-claims-that-an-international-atomic-energy-agency-document-claims-that-iran-has-assembled-some-1-300-centrifuges-at-a-key-underg.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Natanz, centrifuge_
3. [ Iran's nuclear program: The European Union rejects a request by Iran to be allowed to continue using uranium enrichment centrifuges. ](/news/2004/11/24/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-european-union-rejects-a-request-by-iran-to-be-allowed-to-continue-using-uranium-enrichment-centrifuges.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, centrifuge_
4. [ Iran rejects a European Union proposal to provide civilian nuclear technology to Iran in exchange for Iran scrapping its uranium enrichment program, calling for more negotiations. A decision to refer to matter from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the United Nations Security Council is expected on November 25, 2004. ](/news/2004/10/24/iran-rejects-a-european-union-proposal-to-provide-civilian-nuclear-technology-to-iran-in-exchange-for-iran-scrapping-its-uranium-enrichment.md) _Context: EU, IAEA, Iran, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: EU, IAEA, Iran_
6. [In the International Atomic Energy Agency's report before the United Nations Security Council votes on sanctions against Iran, international nuclear inspectors state that Iran has now produced a stockpile of nuclear fuel that would be enough, with further enrichment, to make two nuclear weapons, and it appears to bolster the Obama administration's case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2010/05/31/in-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-s-report-before-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-sanctions-against-iran-international.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ Nuclear program of Iran: The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims that Iran now has 3,000 centrifuges. The International Atomic Energy Agency estimates the number at 2,000. ](/news/2007/09/2/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-claims-that-iran-now-has-3-000-centrifuges-the-international-atomic-ene.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, centrifuge_
8. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency has deferred until Saturday a vote on whether to report Iran to the UN Security Council over concerns its nuclear programs may produce weapons. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-has-deferred-until-saturday-a-vote-on-whether-to-report-iran-to-the-un-security-council-over-concern.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations Security Council_
9. [ China and Russia agree to refer Iran to the United Nations Security Council for its nuclear program in March 2006. ](/news/2006/01/30/china-and-russia-agree-to-refer-iran-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-its-nuclear-program-in-march-2006.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
10. [ The foreign ministers of Britain, France, and Germany declare that negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program have reached a "dead end." They recommend that Iran be referred to the United Nations Security Council, where the nation may face sanctions. ](/news/2006/01/12/the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-france-and-germany-declare-that-negotiations-with-iran-over-its-nuclear-program-have-reached-a-dead-end.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
