### [2003-10-5](/news/2003/10/5/index.md)

#  "Ireland on Sunday" claims that Pope John Paul&nbsp;II is suffering from terminal stomach cancer which has spread to his colon. The newspaper reports that the Pope has dictated a living will which gives instructions as to how the Roman Catholic Church is to be administered when the medical treatment he is receiving makes it impossible for him to function as pope. According to the paper, Cardinals have been told to be ready at a moment's notice to fly to Rome for a Papal funeral and Papal conclave.




### Related:

1. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
2. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
3. [Papal conclave, 2013: More than 100 Roman Catholic cardinals meet in Rome to start the process of selecting a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/4/papal-conclave-2013-more-than-100-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-to-start-the-process-of-selecting-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
4. [Roman Catholic Cardinals meet in Rome in a conclave to appoint a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/12/roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-in-a-conclave-to-appoint-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
5. [Nine Irish Roman Catholic bishops and Cardinal Sean Brady arrive in Rome to discuss the Murphy Report and Ryan Report into the Catholic sexual abuse scandal in Ireland with Pope Benedict XVI, the first such meetings there in eight years. ](/news/2010/02/14/nine-irish-roman-catholic-bishops-and-cardinal-sea-n-brady-arrive-in-rome-to-discuss-the-murphy-report-and-ryan-report-into-the-catholic-sex.md) _Context: Cardinal, Rome_
6. [ President George W. Bush presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Pope John Paul&nbsp;II who criticizes him for the Iraq war while more than 100,000 protest in Rome and other Italian cities. ](/news/2004/06/4/president-george-w-bush-presents-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-to-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-who-criticizes-him-for-the-iraq-war-while-mor.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II, Rome_
7. [ Tens of thousands of Catholics attend Mass celebrating the 25th anniversary of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II in Rome. The Pope will beatify Mother Teresa on Sunday, October 19, and install 30 new Cardinals on Tuesday, October 21.](/news/2003/10/16/tens-of-thousands-of-catholics-attend-mass-celebrating-the-25th-anniversary-of-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-in-rome-the-pope-will-beatify-mother.md) _Context: Cardinal, Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
8. [Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third-most-senior-official-of-the-catho.md) _Context: Cardinal_
9. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely "a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done". ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
10. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
