### [2003-08-9](/news/2003/08/9/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: United States Central Command military officials confirm that Mahmoud Diyab al-Ahmed, the Iraqi Minister of Interior was in its custody. He occupies the number 29 position on the U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis. The Iraqi Minister of Interior surrendered to coalition forces yesterday. He was the "seven of spades" on the deck of cards distributed to U.S. troops.




### Related:

1. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia describes U.S. presence in Iraq as an "illegal occupation." ](/news/2007/03/29/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-describes-u-s-presence-in-iraq-as-an-illegal-occupation.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ Taha Yassin Ramadan, former Baathist Vice President of Iraq and the "Ten of Diamonds" in the most-wanted Iraqi playing cards, is hanged in Baghdad for his role in the Dujail killings. ](/news/2007/03/20/taha-yassin-ramadan-former-baathist-vice-president-of-iraq-and-the-ten-of-diamonds-in-the-most-wanted-iraqi-playing-cards-is-hanged-in.md) _Context: most-wanted Iraqi playing cards_
3. [ President of the United States George W. Bush delivers the 2007 State of the Union Address, in which he remains steadfast to his Iraq policies, but also reaches out to political opponents by proposing environmental and social reforms. ](/news/2007/01/23/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-delivers-the-2007-state-of-the-union-address-in-which-he-remains-steadfast-to-his-iraq-polic.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair declares that British troops should be out of Iraq within four years. ](/news/2006/05/22/prime-minister-tony-blair-declares-that-british-troops-should-be-out-of-iraq-within-four-years.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Post-invasion Iraq: The deadline set by the kidnappers of Jill Caroll, after which they said they would execute her if their demands were not met, passes with no word yet on whether she has been killed. An Iraqi official says he believes she is still alive and that they know her original kidnapper's name and address, although Carroll may have been sold to another group since. ](/news/2006/02/27/post-invasion-iraq-the-deadline-set-by-the-kidnappers-of-jill-caroll-after-which-they-said-they-would-execute-her-if-their-demands-were-n.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/moments-before-the-address-began-anti-war-protester-cindy-sheehan-is-arrested-in-the-u-s-capitol-building-for-refusing-to-cover-up-a-t-sh.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
7. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
8. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: most-wanted list of former top officials_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: At his ranch in Crawford, Texas, President Bush noted the 100th day since overt military action in Iraq ended, saying that the United States has made "good progress" in helping Iraq's democratic processes, overall national security, and economy.](/news/2003/08/8/occupation-of-iraq-at-his-ranch-in-crawford-texas-president-bush-noted-the-100th-day-since-overt-military-action-in-iraq-ended-saying-t.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
