### [2003-08-9](/news/2003/08/9/index.md)

#  SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Aduva, Inc., a Linux developing company, releases this week a tool to allow companies to replace any offending Linux code, if it exists, with code that does not infringe on SCO's intellectual property rights. It is unknown how this tool will work, as SCO has not disclosed which code it considers infringing.




### Related:

1. [ The deadline for SCO Group to present evidence "with specificity" in the "SCO v. IBM" lawsuit expires](/news/2004/01/12/the-deadline-for-sco-group-to-present-evidence-with-specificity-in-the-sco-v-ibm-lawsuit-expires.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
2. [ SCO v. IBM: Lawyers representing SCO Group in intellectual property litigation stand to benefit significantly if the company settles lawsuits or is sold.](/news/2003/11/6/sco-v-ibm-lawyers-representing-sco-group-in-intellectual-property-litigation-stand-to-benefit-significantly-if-the-company-settles-lawsui.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.](/news/2003/11/18/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-plans-to-widen-its-legal-battle-against-the-open-source-operating-system-stating-intent-to-sue-large-scale-linux-u.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
4. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group files subpoenas for Richard Stallman and Linus Torvalds.](/news/2003/11/13/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-files-subpoenas-for-richard-stallman-and-linus-torvalds.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
5. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
6. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
7. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: IBM furnishes more information on their SCO countersuit and states that they have Novell support.](/news/2003/08/8/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-ibm-furnishes-more-information-on-their-sco-countersuit-and-states-that-they-have-novell-support.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
8. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" Reuters have reported that Red Hat intends to start legal action against SCO to establish that SCO's claims against the Linux operating system are invalid.](/news/2003/08/4/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-reuters-have-reported-that-red-hat-intends-to-start-legal-action-against-sco-to-establish-that-sco-s-claims-aga.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
9. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
10. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM_
