### [2007-01-15](/news/2007/01/15/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush declares a state of emergency in Oklahoma following the death of 11 people in a midwinter storm. Twenty-five people have died in the midwestern United States as a result of the storm. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200701/s1827692.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007 Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007 President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-date-december-2007-several-demonstrating-lawyers-protes.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, states of emergency_
2. [President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency across northeastern and central Washington as the amount of burned land in the state reaches nearly a half-million acres. ](/news/2015/08/21/president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-across-northeastern-and-central-washington-as-the-amount-of-burned-land-in-the-state-re.md) _Context: President, states of emergency_
3. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
4. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: midwestern, states of emergency_
5. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
6. [Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/seven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississippi-missouri-tennessee.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, states of emergency_
7. [The Governor of Oklahoma, Mary Fallin, declares a state of emergency in all 77 counties due to wildfires burning out of control in that state and Colorado. ](/news/2011/03/11/the-governor-of-oklahoma-mary-fallin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-all-77-counties-due-to-wildfires-burning-out-of-control-in-that-stat.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, states of emergency_
8. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
9. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
