### [2002-12-23](/news/2002/12/23/index.md)

# Scientists at California company VaxGen Inc., have finished the first human trial of an AIDS vaccine, a mammoth $200 million, 5,400-patient effort more than a decade in the making. The Food and Drug Administration has granted the vaccine "fast-track" status that would speed it through the approval process, if it proves effective, for public availability. The test results are expected to be made public within approximately three months.




### Related:

1. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves Provenge (sipuleucel-T), the first "vaccine" approved to treat cancer, for men with advanced prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/04/29/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-provenge-sipuleucel-t-the-first-vaccine-approved-to-treat-cancer-for-men-with-adv.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, vaccine_
2. [ Advisers to the Food and Drug Administration recommend that the agency approve a Sanofi-Aventis SA bird flu vaccine. ](/news/2007/02/27/advisers-to-the-food-and-drug-administration-recommend-that-the-agency-approve-a-sanofi-aventis-sa-bird-flu-vaccine.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, vaccine_
3. [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Food and Drug Administration searches two spinach packaging companies in the Salinas Valley in California for evidence related to a recent outbreak of "E. coli" in the United States and Canada that made 200 people sick. ](/news/2006/10/4/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-the-food-and-drug-administration-searches-two-spinach-packaging-companies-in-the-salinas-valley-in.md) _Context: California, Food and Drug Administration_
4. [ China begins human trials of a vaccine for AIDS ](/news/2005/03/13/china-begins-human-trials-of-a-vaccine-for-aids.md) _Context: AIDS, vaccine_
5. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy childhood leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-childhood.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
6. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California_
7. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
8. [France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: vaccine_
9. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
10. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
