### [2013-10-1](/news/2013/10/1/index.md)

# A Buddhist mob torches more than 70 Muslim homes and stabs a 94-year-old woman to death in Rakhine State, Myanmar. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world/Buddhist-mob-kill-1-torch-70-homes-in-Myanmar/articleshow/23364474.cms)

### Related:

1. [Buddhist mobs burn down Muslim homes and shops in Lashio, Myanmar leaving 1 dead and 4 others injured. ](/news/2013/05/29/buddhist-mobs-burn-down-muslim-homes-and-shops-in-lashio-myanmar-leaving-1-dead-and-4-others-injured.md) _Context: Buddhist, Muslim, Myanmar_
2. [A dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and Buddhist sellers escalates into communal violence that leaves 10 people dead, 20 injured, and 4 mosques burnt to the ground in Myanmar. ](/news/2013/03/21/a-dispute-between-a-muslim-gold-shop-owner-and-buddhist-sellers-escalates-into-communal-violence-that-leaves-10-people-dead-20-injured-and.md) _Context: Buddhist, Muslim, Myanmar_
3. [The United Nations calls for action to end renewed hostilities between ethnic Buddhists and Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar's western Rakhine State that have killed dozens and displaced more than 22,500. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-united-nations-calls-for-action-to-end-renewed-hostilities-between-ethnic-buddhists-and-muslim-rohingya-in-myanmar-s-western-rakhine-sta.md) _Context: Buddhist, Myanmar, Rakhine State_
4. [Thailand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs says it is "closely following the situation" in Rakhine State and offers aid for the governments of Myanmar and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/09/30/thailand-s-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-is-closely-following-the-situation-in-rakhine-state-and-offers-aid-for-the-governments-of-m.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State_
5. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State_
6. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State_
7. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
9. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
10. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Muslim, Myanmar_
