### [2014-05-17](/news/2014/05/17/index.md)

# Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, Benin, and Chad join together to combat Boko Haram. 

Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger, Chad and Benin pledge to cooperate against militant group that has kidnapped 200 schoolgirls


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/17/boko-haram-african-action-nigeria-schoolgirls)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/18/world/africa/west-african-nations-set-aside-their-old-suspicions-to-combat-boko-haram.html)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, Nigeria_
2. [Boko Haram: Forces from Niger and Chad launch a ground and air offensive against Boko Haram Islamist militants in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2015/03/8/boko-haram-forces-from-niger-and-chad-launch-a-ground-and-air-offensive-against-boko-haram-islamist-militants-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Niger, Nigeria_
3. [Boko Haram: Chadian soldiers kill over 200 Boko Haram fighters in a clash near the town of Garambu, close to Nigeria's border with Cameroon. One Chad Army soldier is killed and nine wounded. ](/news/2015/02/24/boko-haram-chadian-soldiers-kill-over-200-boko-haram-fighters-in-a-clash-near-the-town-of-garambu-close-to-nigeria-s-border-with-cameroon.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
4. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-following-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-har.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
5. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Nigeria_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. ](/news/2015/10/28/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-14-civilians-in-the-southeast-diffa-region-of-niger-near-the-nigerian-border-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Niger, Nigeria_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency in Cameroon: At least eight people are killed following a suicide bomb attack in northern Cameroon's Sangueleri region near the Nigerian border. Boko Haram have previously carried out attacks in the region. ](/news/2015/10/11/boko-haram-insurgency-in-cameroon-at-least-eight-people-are-killed-following-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-northern-cameroon-s-sangueleri-region.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
8. [Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari visits neighboring Cameroon to bolster support for a multinational army to fight Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/07/29/nigerian-president-muhammadu-buhari-visits-neighboring-cameroon-to-bolster-support-for-a-multinational-army-to-fight-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
9. [West African offensive: The Chadian Air Force carries out airstrikes against bases of Boko Haram in neighbouring Nigeria to avenge twin bombings in Chad's capital N'Djamena three days ago. ](/news/2015/06/18/west-african-offensive-the-chadian-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-against-bases-of-boko-haram-in-neighbouring-nigeria-to-avenge-twin-bomb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Nigeria_
10. [2015 Baga massacre: Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. ](/news/2015/01/9/2015-baga-massacre-refugees-flee-nigeria-s-borno-state-following-the-boko-haram-massacre-in-the-town-of-baga-7-300-flee-to-neighbouring-ch.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Niger_
