### [2004-02-1](/news/2004/02/1/index.md)

#  A team composed of Russian scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory report on the discovery of two new transuranium (superheavy) chemical elements with very high atomic masses. From the international convention governing the periodic table, element 113 is given the temporary name Ununtrium (atomic symbol Uut) and element 115 is designated Ununpentium (Uup). The discovery is later confirmed.




### Related:

1. [The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry confirms the addition of four new chemical elements to the periodic table after scientists from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, California, United States provided sufficient evidence to fill the elements 113, 115, 117 and 118, which were temporarily named ununtrium, ununpentium, ununseptium and ununoctium, respectively. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-international-union-of-pure-and-applied-chemistry-confirms-the-addition-of-four-new-chemical-elements-to-the-periodic-table-after-scient.md) _Context: Dubna, Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, chemical element, moscovium, nihonium, periodic table_
2. [Scientists in Japan confirm the 2004 discovery of a 113th element, paving the way for it to be named and included on the periodic table. ](/news/2012/09/27/scientists-in-japan-confirm-the-2004-discovery-of-a-113th-element-paving-the-way-for-it-to-be-named-and-included-on-the-periodic-table.md) _Context: chemical element, nihonium, periodic table_
3. [The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry proposes final names for four new chemical elements: nihonium (atomic number 113), moscovium (#115), tennessine (#117), and oganesson (#118). ](/news/2016/06/8/the-international-union-of-pure-and-applied-chemistry-proposes-final-names-for-four-new-chemical-elements-nihonium-atomic-number-113-mos.md) _Context: moscovium, nihonium_
4. [ The Bush administration selects a design from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory for a new generation of nuclear warheads that could replace the Trident missile on submarines by 2012. ](/news/2007/03/2/the-bush-administration-selects-a-design-from-the-lawrence-livermore-national-laboratory-for-a-new-generation-of-nuclear-warheads-that-coul.md) _Context: Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory_
5. [ American and Russian scientists announce the discovery of a new chemical element with the atomic number 118, temporarily designated as Ununoctium. ](/news/2006/10/16/american-and-russian-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-a-new-chemical-element-with-the-atomic-number-118-temporarily-designated-as-unun.md) _Context: chemical element_
6. [As part of a spending bill passed by the United States Congress this week, the University of California will have to compete for the management contract of all three of its national laboratories: Lawrence Berkeley, Lawrence Livermore, and Los Alamos. Previously, it was expected that only Los Alamos would be up for bidding. [http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2003/12/04/MNG0Q3FSQ51.DTL]](/news/2003/12/5/as-part-of-a-spending-bill-passed-by-the-united-states-congress-this-week-the-university-of-california-will-have-to-compete-for-the-managem.md) _Context: Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory_
