### [2004-02-1](/news/2004/02/1/index.md)

#  Over one hundred members of the Majlis of Iran resign in protest after the Guardian Council disqualifies thousands of reformist and independent candidates for parliament, including sitting MPs seeking reelection.




### Related:

1. [Guardian Council officially confirmed the result of the election which saw Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani reelected for another four years in office. ](/news/2017/05/31/guardian-council-officially-confirmed-the-result-of-the-election-which-saw-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-reelected-for-another-four-yea.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
2. [Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman-of-astan-quds-razavi-ebrahim-raisi-an.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
3. [Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14 landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-2016-potential-candidates-must-be-app.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
4. [Final list of candidates are announced by Guardian Council. This included Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf, Hassan Rouhani, Saeed Jalili, Mohsen Rezaei and four others. ](/news/2013/05/21/final-list-of-candidates-are-announced-by-guardian-council-this-included-mohammad-bagher-ghalibaf-hassan-rouhani-saeed-jalili-mohsen-rez.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
5. [Independent MP Eric Joyce is banned from buying alcohol in the UK's Houses of Parliament after he was arrested on Thursday following a drunken brawl at a bar in the complex. ](/news/2013/03/15/independent-mp-eric-joyce-is-banned-from-buying-alcohol-in-the-uk-s-houses-of-parliament-after-he-was-arrested-on-thursday-following-a-drunk.md) _Context: Independent_
6. [Police fire tear gas at anti-government protesters in Gabon two days after opposition leader Andre Mba Obame declares himself president. ](/news/2011/01/28/police-fire-tear-gas-at-anti-government-protesters-in-gabon-two-days-after-opposition-leader-andra-c-mba-obame-declares-himself-president.md) _Context: Independent_
7. [ Irish Independent Member of Parliament Noel Grealish withdraws his support for the country's government over the issue of pay cuts in the public sector. The move reduces the administration of Taoiseach Brian Cowen to a minority government. ](/news/2009/12/5/irish-independent-member-of-parliament-noel-grealish-withdraws-his-support-for-the-country-s-government-over-the-issue-of-pay-cuts-in-the-p.md) _Context: Independent_
8. [ The Iranian Guardian Council certifies the controversial presidential election. ](/news/2009/06/29/the-iranian-guardian-council-certifies-the-controversial-presidential-election.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
9. [ The Guardian Council rules out a re-run of the presidential election saying that there was no sign of serious electoral fraud in the June 12 vote. ](/news/2009/06/23/the-guardian-council-rules-out-a-re-run-of-the-presidential-election-saying-that-there-was-no-sign-of-serious-electoral-fraud-in-the-june-1.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
10. [ The Guardian Council is to hold a recount of disputed votes from the country's presidential election. ](/news/2009/06/16/the-guardian-council-is-to-hold-a-recount-of-disputed-votes-from-the-country-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: Guardian Council_
