### [2004-02-1](/news/2004/02/1/index.md)

#  Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy: During the halftime show performance by Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake, one of Jackson's breasts is exposed and broadcast on the CBS broadcast of the show in what is later described as a "wardrobe malfunction." CBS is fined a record $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission later in the year and the incident precipitates an increase of the FCC fine per indecency violation from $27,500 to $325,000. See also fleeting expletive.




### Related:

1. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of "CBS Evening News". Pelley will remain with "CBS News" as a correspondent in "60 Minutes". ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs-ne.md) _Context: CBS_
2. [The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-overturn-a-2015-ruling-requiring-net-neutrality.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
3. [American popstar Janet Jackson announces that she is pregnant with her first child at the age of 50. ](/news/2016/10/12/american-popstar-janet-jackson-announces-that-she-is-pregnant-with-her-first-child-at-the-age-of-50.md) _Context: Janet Jackson_
4. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly-s.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
6. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
9. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
10. [Comedian David Letterman, host of CBS's "Late Show with David Letterman", announces his planned retirement in 2015. ](/news/2014/04/3/comedian-david-letterman-host-of-cbs-s-late-show-with-david-letterman-announces-his-planned-retirement-in-2015.md) _Context: CBS_
