### [2004-02-1](/news/2004/02/1/index.md)

#  The European Union and the United States file documents with the International Court of Justice opposing the court's decision to deliberate on the Israeli West Bank barrier.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
2. [ Palestinian representatives put their case to the International Court of Justice against the Israeli West Bank barrier. ](/news/2004/02/23/palestinian-representatives-put-their-case-to-the-international-court-of-justice-against-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
4. [ The European Union strongly criticises Israel's plans to build the Israeli West Bank barrier encircling Palestinian areas on the West Bank. It also criticises the intensification of suicide attacks by Palestinians and describes Israel's building of settlements in the West Bank as an "obstacle to peace".](/news/2003/11/18/the-european-union-strongly-criticises-israel-s-plans-to-build-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-encircling-palestinian-areas-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: EU, barrier_
5. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
6. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU_
7. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU_
8. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: EU_
9. [The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: EU_
10. [France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. ](/news/2017/06/30/france-s-national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-is-under-investigation-for-alleged-misuse-of-european-union-funding.md) _Context: EU_
