### [2006-11-2](/news/2006/11/2/index.md)

#  Competing software manufacturers Microsoft and Novell hold a [http://www.novell.com/linux/microsoft/webcast.html press conference] to [http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2006/nov06/11-02MSNovellPR.mspx announce a collaboration] on technologies for inter operation between Microsoft's Windows and Novell's SUSE Linux operating systems.




### Related:

1. [ Microsoft announces it will pay Novell USD $536 million to settle its ten-year-long antitrust suit and will pay legal costs incurred by the Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA). In return, CCIA will not pursue its arguments in favor of the European Union's antitrust suit. ](/news/2004/11/7/microsoft-announces-it-will-pay-novell-usd-536-million-to-settle-its-ten-year-long-antitrust-suit-and-will-pay-legal-costs-incurred-by-the.md) _Context: Microsoft, Novell_
2. [ Computer criminals place malicious JavaScript on major bank and corporate websites, such that Internet Explorer for Windows users merely viewing the pages in question are infected with Download.ject. Microsoft has yet to issue a patch for the browser.](/news/2004/06/24/computer-criminals-place-malicious-javascript-on-major-bank-and-corporate-websites-such-that-internet-explorer-for-windows-users-merely-vi.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
3. [ Microsoft is to be fined a record EUR497 million ($613 million) by the European Commission as punishment for abusing its Windows monopoly, according to reports ahead of a key meeting by EU Commissioners on Wednesday. ](/news/2004/03/22/microsoft-is-to-be-fined-a-record-a-497-million-613-million-by-the-european-commission-as-punishment-for-abusing-its-windows-monopoly.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
4. [ Computer and Communications Industry Association report, written by a handful of security experts, Microsoft's dominance in key technologies poses security risk and threatens the national infrastructure. Computer and Communications Industry Association states reliance on a single technology, such as the Windows operating system, threatens economic security and critical infrastructure. The paper warns that many security improvements planned by Microsoft are likely designed to deter customers from switching to another operating system.](/news/2003/09/24/computer-and-communications-industry-association-report-written-by-a-handful-of-security-experts-microsoft-s-dominance-in-key-technologie.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
5. [ Computer virus Bugbear.b spreads worldwide on computer systems running Microsoft Windows by infecting email attachments.](/news/2003/06/5/computer-virus-bugbear-b-spreads-worldwide-on-computer-systems-running-microsoft-windows-by-infecting-email-attachments.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
6. [Sun Microsystems won a major antitrust victory against Microsoft when a federal judge ordered Microsoft to distribute Sun's Java programming language in its Microsoft Windows operating system.](/news/2002/12/24/sun-microsystems-won-a-major-antitrust-victory-against-microsoft-when-a-federal-judge-ordered-microsoft-to-distribute-sun-s-java-programming.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
9. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
