### [2006-11-2](/news/2006/11/2/index.md)

#  The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6109230.stm)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: French, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom_
2. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, United Kingdom_
3. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan_
4. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, French, United Kingdom_
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Sri Lanka, United Kingdom_
6. [The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy-rains-and-possible-floods-in-the-un.md) _Context: French, Spain, United Kingdom_
7. [Demonstrations against sexual violence after Delhi gang rape spread across Asia and are now happening in Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/01/4/demonstrations-against-sexual-violence-after-delhi-gang-rape-spread-across-asia-and-are-now-happening-in-nepal-sri-lanka-pakistan-and-bang.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
8. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: French, Spain, United Kingdom_
9. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: Australia, French, United Kingdom_
10. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: French, Spain, United Kingdom_
