### [2013-09-17](/news/2013/09/17/index.md)

# Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/17/us-iran-usa-idUSBRE98G0MT20130917)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President, United States_
2. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President, United States_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, President, United States_
4. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, President, President, United States_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
6. [Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict-that-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-of.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
8. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
9. [ United States President Barack Obama ends the American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country. ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
10. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
