### [2008-08-21](/news/2008/08/21/index.md)

#  US District Judge Jeremy Fogel of the Northern District of California denies a motion by Universal Studios to dismiss a lawsuit against it alleging that Universal sent a DMCA takedown notice in bad faith. 




### Source:

1. [text of the order via EFF](http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/lenz_v_universal/lenzorder082008.pdf)
2. [Ars Technica](http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/20080821-fair-use-gets-a-fair-shake-youtube-tot-to-get-day-in-court.html)

### Related:

1. [A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois,  claims the Volkswagen Group  used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-used-emission-defeat-devices-i.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
2. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: federal court_
3. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires  doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital.  A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments  a few weeks ago  on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortio.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
4. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: federal court_
5. [United States District Court judge Tanya Walton Pratt halts enforcement of an Indiana state law cutting funding for Planned Parenthood and other organisations that provide abortions. ](/news/2011/06/24/united-states-district-court-judge-tanya-walton-pratt-halts-enforcement-of-an-indiana-state-law-cutting-funding-for-planned-parenthood-and-o.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
6. [The perjury trial of U.S. baseball star Barry Bonds begins in federal court in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-perjury-trial-of-u-s-baseball-star-barry-bonds-begins-in-federal-court-in-san-francisco-california.md) _Context: federal court_
7. [A United States district court approves a $624 million payout to former investors in Countrywide Financial. ](/news/2011/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-624-million-payout-to-former-investors-in-countrywide-financial.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
8. [United States District Court for the Northern District of California judge Jeremy D. Fogel stays the execution of sex killer Albert Greenwood Brown who was due to be executed on Thursday. ](/news/2010/09/29/united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-judge-jeremy-d-fogel-stays-the-execution-of-sex-killer-albert-greenwoo.md) _Context: federal court_
9. [The business-software giant Oracle files a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco alleging that Micron Technology, a manufacturer of  memory chips, colluded with other manufacturers to fix prices. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-business-software-giant-oracle-files-a-lawsuit-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-san-francisco-alleging-that-micron-technology-a-manufactur.md) _Context: federal court_
10. [A 25-year-old Bosnian immigrant is arraigned in a Brooklyn United States District Court for involvement in an alleged terrorist plot to blow up New York City's subway system. ](/news/2010/08/6/a-25-year-old-bosnian-immigrant-is-arraigned-in-a-brooklyn-united-states-district-court-for-involvement-in-an-alleged-terrorist-plot-to-blow.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
