### [2012-10-10](/news/2012/10/10/index.md)

# U.S. President Obama nominates general John R. Allen for the SACEUR function. General Joseph Dunford would succeed Allen as ISAF commander in Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://security.blogs.cnn.com/2012/10/10/top-military-commanders-would-have-steep-challenges-in-new-jobs/)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: American general Joseph F. Dunford, Jr. takes over command of NATO forces in Afghanistan, replacing John R. Allen. ](/news/2013/02/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-american-general-joseph-f-dunford-jr-takes-over-command-of-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-replacing-jo.md) _Context: John R. Allen, Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Three Georgian soldiers are killed and several wounded in a large-scale insurgent attack on an ISAF base in the Helmand Province. ](/news/2013/05/13/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-three-georgian-soldiers-are-killed-and-several-wounded-in-a-large-scale-insurgent-attack-on-an-isaf-ba.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Two US and three Afghan soldiers are killed in Wardak Province in the latest insider attack against coalition forces. In a separate incident, two Afghan civilians are shot dead by American soldiers after failing to stop at a checkpoint near Kabul. ](/news/2013/03/11/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-two-us-and-three-afghan-soldiers-are-killed-in-wardak-province-in-the-latest-insider-attack-against-co.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [US General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan commissions an inquiry into allegations that Qurans were burnt at an American Air Force base as Afghans protest. ](/news/2012/02/21/us-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-commissions-an-inquiry-into-allegations-tha.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, John R. Allen_
5. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, John R. Allen_
6. [The ongoing allied war in Afghanistan marks its tenth anniversary, with the death toll among ISAF personnel reaching 2,670. ](/news/2011/10/7/the-ongoing-allied-war-in-afghanistan-marks-its-tenth-anniversary-with-the-death-toll-among-isaf-personnel-reaching-2-670.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: A suicide bomber targets a NATO convoy in the Afghan capital Kabul killing at least four Afghans, 13 American troops, and members of the International Security Assistance Force. ](/news/2011/10/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-nato-convoy-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-killing-at-least-four-afghans-13-a.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: US General David Petraeus hands over command of NATO forces in Afghanistan to United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General John R. Allen. ](/news/2011/07/18/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-us-general-david-petraeus-hands-over-command-of-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-to-united-states-marine-cor.md) _Context: John R. Allen, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan:: President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comma.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [The number of deaths for members of the International Security Assistance Force in the War in Afghanistan reaches 500 for the first 9 months of 2010 as opposed to 521 for all of 2009. ](/news/2010/09/6/the-number-of-deaths-for-members-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-the-war-in-afghanistan-reaches-500-for-the-first-9-months.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
