### [2015-04-17](/news/2015/04/17/index.md)

#  Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant:: Syria-s President Bashar al-Assad says that the "most dangerous" leaders of ISIS are Scandinavians. 

Up to 150,000 civilians are reportedly forced to flee their homes in the Iraqi city of Ramadi.


### Source:

1. [BBC/AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-04-17/islamic-state-thousands-flee-homes-ramadi-onslaught/6399858)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32347036)
3. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/car-bomb-explodes-outside-u-s-consulate-in-iraq/)
4. [Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/article18762294.html)
5. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/04/17/mideast-crisis-erbil-blast-idINL5N0XE3DF20150417)
6. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/20150417/syria-says-scandinavian-isis-leaders-most-dangerous)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [2017 Barcelona attack: A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Battle of Mosul: Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [People on banknotes: The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/people-on-banknotes-the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
