### [2009-06-11](/news/2009/06/11/index.md)

#  10,000 Gabonese watch the body of President Omar Bongo arrive back home from Spain. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8094606.stm)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/bongos-body-arrives-in-gabon-20090612-c55o.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi reaches 41 years in power; there are less than 24 months left until he is scheduled to become Africa's longest serving ruler, overtaking former Gabonese President Omar Bongo who died in 2009. ](/news/2011/01/16/libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-reaches-41-years-in-power-there-are-less-than-24-months-left-until-he-is-scheduled-to-become-africa-s-long.md) _Context: Gabon, Omar Bongo, President_
2. [ Gabonese President Omar Bongo dies of a heart attack at age 73. ](/news/2009/06/8/gabonese-president-omar-bongo-dies-of-a-heart-attack-at-age-73.md) _Context: Gabon, Omar Bongo, President_
3. [ The state funeral in Libreville of former President of Gabon Omar Bongo is attended by dignitaries from 40 nations. ](/news/2009/06/16/the-state-funeral-in-libreville-of-former-president-of-gabon-omar-bongo-is-attended-by-dignitaries-from-40-nations.md) _Context: Gabon, Omar Bongo, President_
4. [ Gabon's constitutional court recounts votes from last month's disputed presidential election won by the son of longtime leader Omar Bongo. ](/news/2009/09/29/gabon-s-constitutional-court-recounts-votes-from-last-month-s-disputed-presidential-election-won-by-the-son-of-longtime-leader-omar-bongo.md) _Context: Gabon, Omar Bongo_
5. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Gabon, Spain_
6. [ Gabon: Africa's longest serving president (since 1967), Omar Bongo, wins presidential elections, securing a further seven years in office. ](/news/2005/11/30/gabon-africa-s-longest-serving-president-since-1967-omar-bongo-wins-presidential-elections-securing-a-further-seven-years-in-office.md) _Context: Gabon, Omar Bongo_
7. [European migrant crisis: Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Salvador Dali: The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: Spain_
