### [2009-06-11](/news/2009/06/11/index.md)

#  Dail Eireann debates the findings of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse, delayed by the motion of no confidence in the Irish Government opened by Fine Gael. 




### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0611/abuse.html)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Fine Gael, no confidence_
2. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Fine Gael_
3. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:. Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-airean.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Fine Gael_
4. [ Dil ireann debates a motion of no confidence against the Government of Ireland as George Lee and Maureen O'Sullivan make their debuts in the 30th Dil. ](/news/2009/06/9/dail-eireann-debates-a-motion-of-no-confidence-against-the-government-of-ireland-as-george-lee-and-maureen-o-sullivan-make-their-debuts-in.md) _Context: Government of Ireland, no confidence_
5. [Corruption in South Africa. The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/corruption-in-south-africa-the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-pr.md) _Context: no confidence_
6. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017. Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
7. [Government of Ireland. Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/government-of-ireland-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Government of Ireland_
8. [Politics of the Republic of Ireland. Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/politics-of-the-republic-of-ireland-irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignatio.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
9. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
10. [Irish general election, 2016. 2016 Irish government formation. Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. ](/news/2016/04/29/irish-general-election-2016-2016-irish-government-formation-fine-gael-and-fianna-fa-il-agree-to-the-formation-of-a-fine-gael-led-governme.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
