### [2009-06-11](/news/2009/06/11/index.md)

#  Four Chinese Uighurs from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp are resettled in Bermuda. 




### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/article6480320.ece)

### Related:

1. [ Palau agrees to accept up to 17 Chinese Uighurs from Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2009/06/10/palau-agrees-to-accept-up-to-17-chinese-uighurs-from-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp.md) _Context: China, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, Uyghur_
2. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: China, Uyghur_
3. [Chinese police apprehend and execute eleven Uyghur terrorists following an attack with 15 killed and 14 injured in Yarkant County, China. ](/news/2014/11/29/chinese-police-apprehend-and-execute-eleven-uyghur-terrorists-following-an-attack-with-15-killed-and-14-injured-in-yarkant-county-china.md) _Context: China, Uyghur_
4. [Switzerland agrees to accept two Chinese Muslim Uyghurs from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2010/02/4/switzerland-agrees-to-accept-two-chinese-muslim-uyghurs-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, Uyghur_
5. [ The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rules that Hozaifa Parhat, a Chinese Uyghur militant currently detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, cannot be ruled an "enemy combatant" because he never took up arms against the United States. ](/news/2008/06/23/the-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-rules-that-hozaifa-parhat-a-chinese-uyghur-militant-currently-detained-at-the-guantanamo-bay-det.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, Uyghur_
6. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
8. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
