### [2009-06-11](/news/2009/06/11/index.md)

#  The President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, says he will travel to Ireland to assist the passing of the forthcoming Treaty of Lisbon referendum at a joint news conference with the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, in Paris. 

French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he would be prepared to travel to Ireland to help gather support for the Lisbon Treaty.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0611/lisbon.html)

### Related:

1. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
2. [Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/eurozone-debt-crisis-pnicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
4. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
5. [The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to-imp.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
6. [President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-nicolas-sarkozy-defends-his-plans-to-sell-up-to-four-french-warships-to-russia-despite-concerns-raised-by-his-georgian-counterpar.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
7. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Ireland approves the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon by a margin of 67.1% to 32.9% in a second referendum. ](/news/2009/10/3/treaty-of-lisbon-p-ireland-approves-the-european-unionas-treaty-of-lisbon-by-a-margin-of-67-1-to-32-9-in-a-second-referendum.md) _Context: Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
8. [ Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a second referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2009/10/2/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-referendum-on-the-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
9. [ The European Commission denies accusations that it broke Ireland's laws against using taxpayers' money on referendum spending after an EU office in Dublin paid EUR150,000 to insert a guide to the Treaty of Lisbon into all Sunday newspapers as the country's second referendum approaches. ](/news/2009/09/29/the-european-commission-denies-accusations-that-it-broke-ireland-s-laws-against-using-taxpayers-money-on-referendum-spending-after-an-eu-o.md) _Context: Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
10. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/treaty-of-lisbon-p-czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-t.md) _Context: Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
