### [2009-06-11](/news/2009/06/11/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom Foreign Secretary, David Miliband, is asked to explain how four Chinese detainees from Guantanamo Bay were released to Bermuda without the knowledge of Whitehall. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8096335.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/jun/12/bermuda-guantanamo-bay-detainees)

### Related:

1. [Voting also gets underway in the South Shields by-election to fill the parliamentary seat vacated by former Foreign Secretary David Miliband. ](/news/2013/05/2/voting-also-gets-underway-in-the-south-shields-by-election-to-fill-the-parliamentary-seat-vacated-by-former-foreign-secretary-david-miliband.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs David Miliband visit Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-david-mili.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
4. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [Voters in Bermuda go to the polls to elect their Premier and members of the House of Assembly. ](/news/2017/07/18/voters-in-bermuda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-premier-and-members-of-the-house-of-assembly.md) _Context: Bermuda_
6. [A boat with 31 people on board, including more than 20 Chinese tourists, goes missing after sailing from the eastern Malaysian port of Kota Kinabalu to visit the island of Pulau Mengalum. ](/news/2017/01/28/a-boat-with-31-people-on-board-including-more-than-20-chinese-tourists-goes-missing-after-sailing-from-the-eastern-malaysian-port-of-kota.md) _Context: Chinese_
7. [Hurricane Nicole impacts Bermuda at Category 3 strength, making it the strongest hurricane to effect the British Overseas Territory since Hurricane Fabian in 2003. ](/news/2016/10/13/hurricane-nicole-impacts-bermuda-at-category-3-strength-making-it-the-strongest-hurricane-to-effect-the-british-overseas-territory-since-hu.md) _Context: Bermuda_
8. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [Thousands of people protest in Whitehall calling on British Prime Minister David Cameron to resign over his financial affairs and his handling of them in relation to revelations made by the leak of the Panama Papers. ](/news/2016/04/9/thousands-of-people-protest-in-whitehall-calling-on-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-resign-over-his-financial-affairs-and-his-handli.md) _Context: Whitehall_
10. [Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. ](/news/2015/12/6/elementary-and-middle-schools-in-the-chinese-capital-beijing-suspend-outdoor-activities-due-to-heavy-smog.md) _Context: Chinese_
