### [2017-02-20](/news/2017/02/20/index.md)

# British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book "Dangerous" by Simon & Schuster is cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/milo-yiannopoulos%e2%80%99s-pedophilia-comments-cost-him-cpac-role-and-book-deal/ar-AAn94Fw?li=BBnbfcL&ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [France-United States relations. French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/france-united-states-relations-french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-ab.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
2. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos resigns from his post as technology editor at Breitbart news, after controversy around his statements regarding underage sex. ](/news/2017/02/21/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-resigns-from-his-post-as-technology-editor-at-breitbart-news-after-controversy-around-his-statements-r.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
3. [2017 Berkeley protests. Police cancel a scheduled appearance of right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on UC Berkeley due to hundreds of violent protesters on campus. ](/news/2017/02/1/2017-berkeley-protests-police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-v.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
4. [Breitbart tech editor and outspoken conservative gay activist Milo Yiannopoulos with more than 338,000 registered followers is "permanently" banned from Twitter. ](/news/2016/07/20/breitbart-tech-editor-and-outspoken-conservative-gay-activist-milo-yiannopoulos-with-more-than-338-000-registered-followers-is-permanently.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republic.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
6. [United States Senator from Kentucky Rand Paul wins the annual CPAC presidential straw poll with 31% of the vote. ](/news/2014/03/8/united-states-senator-from-kentucky-rand-paul-wins-the-annual-cpac-presidential-straw-poll-with-31-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Conservative Political Action Conference_
7. [Pope Benedict XVI comments on condoms and pedophilia:. Survivors of child sexual abuse carried out by priests react with fury after Pope Benedict XVI's claims that pedophilia wasn't considered an "absolute evil" as recently as the 1970s and that society considers child pornography "normal". ](/news/2010/12/21/pope-benedict-xvi-comments-on-condoms-and-pedophilia-survivors-of-child-sexual-abuse-carried-out-by-priests-react-with-fury-after-pope-ben.md) _Context: sexual relations_
8. [Pope Benedict XVI and the child sexual abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church:. Homosexuality is to blame for paedophilia, according to Vatican Secretary of State and the Pope's Deputy, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, speaking today at a news conference in Chile. ](/news/2010/04/12/pope-benedict-xvi-and-the-child-sexual-abuse-scandal-in-the-roman-catholic-church-homosexuality-is-to-blame-for-paedophilia-according-to.md) _Context: sexual relations_
9. [Pope Benedict XVI is "distraught" by news alleged of child sexual abuse in Catholic dioceses in Germany, according to Archbishop Robert Zollitsch, as the church also faces paedophilia scandals in Ireland, Austria, and the Netherlands, while Pope Benedict defends clerical celibacy, calling it a symbol of "full devotion" and of "giving oneself to God and to others." ](/news/2010/03/12/pope-benedict-xvi-is-distraught-by-news-alleged-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-catholic-dioceses-in-germany-according-to-archbishop-robert-zoll.md) _Context: sexual relations_
10. [ Poland approves a law making chemical castration mandatory for paedophiles. ](/news/2009/09/25/poland-approves-a-law-making-chemical-castration-mandatory-for-paedophiles.md) _Context: sexual relations_
