### [2017-02-20](/news/2017/02/20/index.md)

# Russia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin dies suddenly in New York City. He would have turned 65 on Tuesday. 




### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/russian-ambassador-vitaly-churkin-dies-nyc-heart-attack-article-1.2977372)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-un-churkin-idUSKBN15Z1UU)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
2. [In a series of tweets, President Donald Trump acknowledged that he shared classified information with Russian envoys, contradicting earlier White House denials. ](/news/2017/05/16/in-a-series-of-tweets-president-donald-trump-acknowledged-that-he-shared-classified-information-with-russian-envoys-contradicting-earlier.md) _Context: Russia_
3. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: Russia_
4. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York's_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
