### [2017-02-20](/news/2017/02/20/index.md)

# Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. 

A family of five hid under a mattress as tornado-like winds howled over their home San Antonio home.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2017/02/20/tornado-san-antonio-texas-storms/98149254/)
2. [Weather Channel](https://weather.com/news/news/severe-weather-texas-impacts)

### Related:

1. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas, tornado_
2. [Storms hit the American state of Texas causing at least two deaths with one person reported missing. Rivers overflowed as more than a foot of rain fell in some areas while tornadoes ripped through buildings outside San Antonio. ](/news/2015/10/30/storms-hit-the-american-state-of-texas-causing-at-least-two-deaths-with-one-person-reported-missing-rivers-overflowed-as-more-than-a-foot-o.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas, tornado_
3. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas, tornado_
4. [Multiple gunshots strike the public safety headquarters of the San Antonio, Texas, Police Department. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/07/9/multiple-gunshots-strike-the-public-safety-headquarters-of-the-san-antonio-texas-police-department-no-injuries-are-reported.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
5. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Louisiana, Texas_
6. [At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-total-of-34-people-have.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
7. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
8. [With the death of an 18-year-old killer whale at its San Antonio, Texas facility and the recent malfunction of the Sky Tower ride at its park in Orlando, Florida, SeaWorld's problems in the wake of recent earning shortfalls, decline in attendance, and drop the values of its shares. In response, the company plans new pricing and attractions. ](/news/2015/12/25/with-the-death-of-an-18-year-old-killer-whale-at-its-san-antonio-texas-facility-and-the-recent-malfunction-of-the-sky-tower-ride-at-its-par.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
9. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
10. [A second round of storms and strong winds moves east across Texas in the American Southwest, with three radar-confirmed tornadoes damaging homes and causing injuries in the Houston area that got up to eight inches of rain since Friday night. Six people have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-second-round-of-storms-and-strong-winds-moves-east-across-texas-in-the-american-southwest-with-three-radar-confirmed-tornadoes-damaging-h.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
