### [2017-02-20](/news/2017/02/20/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The ISIL-affiliated Syrian opposition group Jaysh Khaled bin Waleed overwhelms Tahrir al-Sham and Southern Front militants, capturing the towns of Tasil and Saham al-Jawlan, along with two other villages and a hill in Daraa Governorate. 

Rebel forces were caught completely off-guard overnight when hundreds of ISIS militants infiltrated the southwestern countryside of Daraa, capturing 5 site


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/massive-rebel-collapse-daraa-isis-sweeps-several-towns/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-south-idUSKBN160007)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Tahrir al-Sham_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: The Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army captures Al-Bab from ISIL after months of fighting. ](/news/2017/02/24/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-the-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-captures-al-bab-from-isil-after-months-of-fighting.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Idlib Governorate clashes (2017): Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Tahrir al-Sham_
4. [Syrian civil war: A suicide bombing at the opening of a local police station in the rebel-held town of Inkhil, Daraa Governorate, in southern Syria, kills at least 12 people, including an opposition minister. ](/news/2016/09/22/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bombing-at-the-opening-of-a-local-police-station-in-the-rebel-held-town-of-inkhil-daraa-governorate-in-souther.md) _Context: Daraa Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the government has used barrel bombs resulting in the deaths of 21 people in the rebel held town of Bosra in the Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-government-has-used-barrel-bombs-resulting-in-the-deaths-of-21-peo.md) _Context: Daraa Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
7. [In talks held regarding the course of the Syrian Civil War, Russia and Saudi Arabia fail to reach agreement over cooperation in the fight against ISIL, with the Saudi representative refusing any common struggle with Assad's regime. ](/news/2015/08/11/in-talks-held-regarding-the-course-of-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-and-saudi-arabia-fail-to-reach-agreement-over-cooperation-in-the-fight-ag.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ Syrian Civil War: Battle of Sarrin (June-July 2015): YPG led forces capture the strategic town Sarrin from ISIL after a month-long offensive. ](/news/2015/07/27/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-sarrin-june-july-2015-ypg-led-forces-capture-the-strategic-town-sarrin-from-isil-after-a-month-long-offens.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Southern Front of the Free Syrian Army claims to have captured a major Syrian Army base known as Brigade 52 in Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/9/syrian-civil-war-the-southern-front-of-the-free-syrian-army-claims-to-have-captured-a-major-syrian-army-base-known-as-brigade-52-in-daraa-g.md) _Context: Daraa Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
10. [ Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) capture the military base Brigade 93 and enter the town of Ayn Issa, the first defense line of ISIL north of its de facto capital al-Raqqah.: ISIL claims it has started the destruction of the ancient complex of Palmyra. ](/news/2015/06/23/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-ypg-capture-the-military-base-brigade-93-and.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
