### [2006-05-5](/news/2006/05/5/index.md)

#  Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The  changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/4975938.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/4976414.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown shuffles the Cabinet: [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0605/ukpolitics.html (RTE)] Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece (''Times'')] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile (''Guardian'')] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-shuffles-the-cabinet-http-www-rte-ie-news-2009-0605-ukpolitics-html-rta-p-secretary-of-st.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Home Secretary, Prime Minister, United Kingdom, shuffles_
2. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Jack Straw, Labour, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
3. [ The UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has apologised to Walter Wolfgang, an 82-year old Labour Party activist thrown out of the party's annual conference by stewards for heckling Jack Straw. He was controversially arrested under anti-terrorist legislation.  ](/news/2005/09/29/the-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-has-apologised-to-walter-wolfgang-an-82-year-old-labour-party-activist-thrown-out-of-the-party-s-annual-c.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Labour, Prime Minister, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
4. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
5. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair makes his final speech at a Labour Party Conference. ](/news/2006/09/26/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-makes-his-final-speech-at-a-labour-party-conference.md) _Context: Labour, Prime Minister, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
6. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Labour, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
8. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
10. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography ''A Journey'' goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
