### [2004-01-15](/news/2004/01/15/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election, 2004: Former Ontario Health Minister Tony Clement declares his candidacy for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. Also confirmed is the candidacy of auto parts magnate Belinda Stronach, who will announce her entry into the leadership race next week.




### Related:

1. [2004 Canadian Federal Election: Belinda Stronach officially announces her run for leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.thestar.ca/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1074596565057&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2004/01/20/2004-canadian-federal-election-belinda-stronach-officially-announces-her-run-for-leadership-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-http-ww.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Belinda Stronach, Conservative Party's_
2. [The Canadian federal by-elections fills two vacant House seats in ridings for Manitoba and one in Ontario, resulting in one Conservative gain, one Conservative hold and one Liberal gain. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-canadian-federal-by-elections-fills-two-vacant-house-seats-in-ridings-for-manitoba-and-one-in-ontario-resulting-in-one-conservative-gai.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Ontario_
3. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Belinda Stronach, Conservative Party's_
4. [ Albertan MLA Gary Masyk blames Premier Ralph Klein for causing the defeat of the Conservative Party of Canada in the 2004 federal election, and leaves the Progressive Conservative Party for the newly formed Alberta Alliance.](/news/2004/06/29/albertan-mla-gary-masyk-blames-premier-ralph-klein-for-causing-the-defeat-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-in-the-2004-federal-election.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
5. [ In an open letter, Ralph Nader warns Canadians against voting for the Conservative Party in the federal election on June 28, 2004. ](/news/2004/06/25/in-an-open-letter-ralph-nader-warns-canadians-against-voting-for-the-conservative-party-in-the-federal-election-on-june-28-2004.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
6. [ Canadian federal election, 2004: Stephen Harper announces his entry into the race to lead the new Conservative Party of Canada. Earlier today, Jim Prentice drops out of the leadership contest, citing a lack of funds.](/news/2004/01/12/canadian-federal-election-2004-stephen-harper-announces-his-entry-into-the-race-to-lead-the-new-conservative-party-of-canada-earlier-tod.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
7. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ontario_
8. [The two-month-old Nipigon River Bridge near Nipigon, Ontario is closed to traffic after a mechanical failure, severing the Trans-Canada Highway and forcing a detour into the United States. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-two-month-old-nipigon-river-bridge-near-nipigon-ontario-is-closed-to-traffic-after-a-mechanical-failure-severing-the-trans-canada-high.md) _Context: Ontario_
9. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Ontario_
10. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario_
