### [2004-01-15](/news/2004/01/15/index.md)

#  Exploration of Mars: The Spirit Rover has rolled off its lander to start its exploration. The first journey was only three metres. It took the rover about 78 seconds, ending with the back of the rover being 0.7 metres from the lander.




### Related:

1. [ Exploration of Mars: Engineers at JPL decide to turn the Mars Spirit Rover around on its lander after it was found the airbags could not be retracted enough to allow it to move off in a forward direction. It is expected the rover will drive off sometime next week. The Rover has also stood up and deployed its front wheels.](/news/2004/01/9/exploration-of-mars-engineers-at-jpl-decide-to-turn-the-mars-spirit-rover-around-on-its-lander-after-it-was-found-the-airbags-could-not-be.md) _Context: Spirit, route_
2. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: Spirit, route_
3. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA's "Spirit" rover now has its arm and all six of its wheels free, and only a single cable must be cut before it can turn and roll off its lander onto the soil of Mars. As that milestone is completed, scientists are taking opportunities to take extra pictures and gather other data.](/news/2004/01/11/exploration-of-mars-nasa-s-spirit-rover-now-has-its-arm-and-all-six-of-its-wheels-free-and-only-a-single-cable-must-be-cut-before-it-ca.md) _Context: Spirit, route_
4. [NASA scientists are planning to capture a 500 ton near-Earth asteroid, relocate it and turn it into a space station for astronauts on their route to Mars after 2025. ](/news/2012/12/27/nasa-scientists-are-planning-to-capture-a-500-ton-near-earth-asteroid-relocate-it-and-turn-it-into-a-space-station-for-astronauts-on-their.md) _Context: route_
5. [ Michael D. Griffin, the current Administrator of NASA, announces the agency will concentrate more on the outer Solar System and less on Mars exploration, due to cuts to its 2009-2012 budget. ](/news/2008/03/15/michael-d-griffin-the-current-administrator-of-nasa-announces-the-agency-will-concentrate-more-on-the-outer-solar-system-and-less-on-mar.md) _Context: route_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA announces that Mars rover "Opportunity" landed in an area where "liquid water once drenched the surface". ](/news/2004/03/2/exploration-of-mars-nasa-announces-that-mars-rover-opportunity-landed-in-an-area-where-liquid-water-once-drenched-the-surface.md) _Context: route_
7. [ Exploration of Mars: Mars Express failed to hear any signal from the Beagle 2 spacecraft during its first pass over the landing site. This is major blow, but scientists have once again not given up all hope. They will attempt again tomorrow using a different communication mode. The Beagle 2 mission manager, Colin Pillinger, set February 7 as the day to abandon contact efforts. By that time Beagle 2 would have switched into an autotransmit mode after having not received any signal for over a month if it was still alive.](/news/2004/01/7/exploration-of-mars-mars-express-failed-to-hear-any-signal-from-the-beagle-2-spacecraft-during-its-first-pass-over-the-landing-site-this.md) _Context: route_
8. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: route_
9. [ Exploration of Mars: The first of the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit, has successfully landed on the Martian surface with a "very strong signal" being received from the lander. It was a tense few minutes as no signal was received from the lander during the minutes while it bounced over the surface. Mission Control is described as being a wild place with the mission scientists very happy. The first pictures are expected at the earliest around 0730 UTCurl=http://spaceflightnow.com/mars/mera/statustextonly.html  Mars &#124; Mission Status Center  Now  ](/news/2004/01/3/exploration-of-mars-the-first-of-the-mars-exploration-rovers-spirit-has-successfully-landed-on-the-martian-surface-with-a-very-strong-s.md) _Context: route_
10. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: Spirit_
