### [2004-01-15](/news/2004/01/15/index.md)

#  Italy has indicted three Germans, all former members of an SS Panzergrenadier Division, on charges of massacring 560 people in 1944 in the Italian village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema. The three Germans, Gerhard Sommer, 83; Alfred Schonenberg, 83; and Ludwig Sonntag, 80, are currently living in Germany. It is not clear whether Italy will request the three men's extradition from Germany.




### Related:

1. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka "The General", leader of one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (GBP3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-euro.md) _Context: extradited_
2. [The appellate prosecutors office in the Polish city of Krakow decides not to appeal a decision against extraditing filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face prosecution for historic child sex offences. ](/news/2015/11/27/the-appellate-prosecutors-office-in-the-polish-city-of-krakow-decides-not-to-appeal-a-decision-against-extraditing-filmmaker-roman-polanski.md) _Context: extradited_
3. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: extradited_
4. [Russian president Vladimir Putin confirms that Edward Snowden is currently in a Moscow airport's international area; Russia rejects United States extradition demands. ](/news/2013/06/25/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-edward-snowden-is-currently-in-a-moscow-airport-s-international-area-russia-rejects-united-s.md) _Context: extradited_
5. [The Internal Affairs Minister of Israel declares German poet and former Waffen-SS soldier Gunter Grass, recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature, a "persona non grata" in a row over his poem "What Must Be Said". ](/news/2012/04/8/the-internal-affairs-minister-of-israel-declares-german-poet-and-former-waffen-ss-soldier-ga1-4nter-grass-recipient-of-the-1999-nobel-prize-i.md) _Context: Waffen-SS_
6. [The United States files an application in New Zealand to extradite Kim Dotcom and three of his associates in MegaUpload to face charges of breaching copyright. ](/news/2012/03/5/the-united-states-files-an-application-in-new-zealand-to-extradite-kim-dotcom-and-three-of-his-associates-in-megaupload-to-face-charges-of-b.md) _Context: extradited_
7. [Thailand sends an extradition request to Malaysia for one of the five Iranian nationals suspected of involvement in the bombings in Bangkok earlier this month. ](/news/2012/02/21/thailand-sends-an-extradition-request-to-malaysia-for-one-of-the-five-iranian-nationals-suspected-of-involvement-in-the-bombings-in-bangkok.md) _Context: extradited_
8. [Julian Assange is allowed a final appeal to the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom against his extradition to Sweden to answer questions over sexual assault allegations. ](/news/2011/12/5/julian-assange-is-allowed-a-final-appeal-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-against-his-extradition-to-sweden-to-answer-questions-ov.md) _Context: extradited_
9. [A Spanish court approves the extradition of former Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Vielmann to face murder charges in connection with a 2006 uprising at the Pavon prison in Guatemala where seven inmates were killed. ](/news/2011/05/31/a-spanish-court-approves-the-extradition-of-former-guatemalan-interior-minister-carlos-vielmann-to-face-murder-charges-in-connection-with-a.md) _Context: extradited_
10. [A British judge orders Julian Assange to be extradited to Sweden but the Wikileaks founder says that he will appeal. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-british-judge-orders-julian-assange-to-be-extradited-to-sweden-but-the-wikileaks-founder-says-that-he-will-appeal.md) _Context: extradited_
