### [2004-01-15](/news/2004/01/15/index.md)

#  The date for the publication of the Hutton Inquiry's report into the death of British weapons scientist Dr David Kelly is announced as January 28, 2004.




### Related:

1. [ Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.](/news/2004/01/30/hutton-inquiry-reporter-andrew-gilligan-resigns-from-the-bbc-in-the-continuing-fallout-of-the-publication-of-lord-hutton-s-report-into-the.md) _Context: Dr David Kelly, Hutton Inquiry_
2. [ The BBC announces that Michael Grade will become its new Chairman on May 17, following the resignation of its previous Chairman Gavyn Davies in the fall-out from the Hutton Inquiry report. ](/news/2004/04/2/the-bbc-announces-that-michael-grade-will-become-its-new-chairman-on-may-17-following-the-resignation-of-its-previous-chairman-gavyn-davie.md) _Context: Hutton Inquiry_
3. [ The British government draws up plans to break up the BBC in the wake of the Hutton inquiry. ](/news/2004/02/15/the-british-government-draws-up-plans-to-break-up-the-bbc-in-the-wake-of-the-hutton-inquiry.md) _Context: Hutton Inquiry_
4. [ Hutton Inquiry: The BBC Director-General, Greg Dyke, resigns in the continuing fall-out from the report. Mr Dyke is the second high-ranking BBC official to resign. Mark Byford is appointed Acting Director-General. The UK media in general condemns the report as a whitewash.](/news/2004/01/29/hutton-inquiry-the-bbc-director-general-greg-dyke-resigns-in-the-continuing-fall-out-from-the-report-mr-dyke-is-the-second-high-ranking.md) _Context: Hutton Inquiry_
5. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: Hutton Inquiry_
6. [ In an unprecedented move, the British government submit thousands of official documents (many of which would not normally be seen by the public for 30 years) to the Hutton Inquiry, and publication on the Internet.](/news/2003/08/23/in-an-unprecedented-move-the-british-government-submit-thousands-of-official-documents-many-of-which-would-not-normally-be-seen-by-the-pu.md) _Context: Hutton Inquiry_
7. [ The "Daily Telegraph" in the United Kingdom claims attempts by the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) to destroy allegedly important documents about its treatment of BBC source Dr. David Kelly in the weeks before his suicide were foiled by a security guard, who found the documents scheduled for destruction and called the police. The MoD insists the documents were not that important but will now be preserved and supplied to the Hutton Inquiry into the Kelly case.](/news/2003/08/2/the-daily-telegraph-in-the-united-kingdom-claims-attempts-by-the-british-ministry-of-defence-mod-to-destroy-allegedly-important-documen.md) _Context: Dr David Kelly_
8. [ Lord Hutton's inquiry into the death of British scientist Dr. David Kelly begins in London.](/news/2003/08/11/lord-hutton-s-inquiry-into-the-death-of-british-scientist-dr-david-kelly-begins-in-london.md) _Context: Dr David Kelly_
9. [ The British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith demands that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologise for the comments of his press secretary, Tom Kelly, in which Kelly compared Dr. David Kelly, the BBC source who took his own life after his identity was revealed by the Ministry of Defence, to the fictional "Walter Mitty" character.](/news/2003/08/10/the-british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-demands-that-prime-minister-tony-blair-apologise-for-the-comments-of-his-press-secr.md) _Context: Dr David Kelly_
