### [2004-01-15](/news/2004/01/15/index.md)

#  U.S. presidential election, 2004: Carol Moseley Braun drops out of the race and endorses Dr. Howard Dean, confirming rumors circulating the night before as she taped an appearance on "The Daily Show".




### Related:

1. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Howard Dean_
2. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator John Kerry wins the New Hampshire primary. Howard Dean comes second.](/news/2004/01/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-new-hampshire-primary-howard-dean-comes-second.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Howard Dean_
3. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Howard Dean_
4. [Al Gore endorses Howard Dean's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2004 U.S. presidential election. [http://www.msnbc.com/news/1002878.asp?0sl=-21&cp1=1]](/news/2003/12/9/al-gore-endorses-howard-dean-s-candidacy-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-for-the-2004-u-s-presidential-election-http-www-msn.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Howard Dean_
5. [American news satire program "The Daily Show" airs its last broadcast with comedian Jon Stewart as host. ](/news/2015/08/6/american-news-satire-program-the-daily-show-airs-its-last-broadcast-with-comedian-jon-stewart-as-host.md) _Context: The Daily Show_
6. [South African comedian Trevor Noah will succeed Jon Stewart as host of the television program "The Daily Show" on the Comedy Central network. ](/news/2015/03/30/south-african-comedian-trevor-noah-will-succeed-jon-stewart-as-host-of-the-television-program-the-daily-show-on-the-comedy-central-network.md) _Context: The Daily Show_
7. [American comedian and satirist Jon Stewart, host of Comedy Central's "The Daily Show", announces his departure from the show, which is due to take place at the end of the year. ](/news/2015/02/10/american-comedian-and-satirist-jon-stewart-host-of-comedy-central-s-the-daily-show-announces-his-departure-from-the-show-which-is-due-t.md) _Context: The Daily Show_
8. [ The Liberal Party of Canada opens its leadership convention, expected to be the most contentious in decades, with a keynote speech by Howard Dean. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-liberal-party-of-canada-opens-its-leadership-convention-expected-to-be-the-most-contentious-in-decades-with-a-keynote-speech-by-howar.md) _Context: Howard Dean_
9. [ Reports of "'irregularities"' in the votes for the "'2004 Presidential election"' emerge. Reports of voting machine error and electoral fraud center on Ohio and Florida.](/news/2004/11/9/reports-of-irregularities-in-the-votes-for-the-2004-presidential-election-emerge-reports-of-voting-machine-error-and-electoral-fra.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
10. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
