### [2011-06-9](/news/2011/06/9/index.md)

# Extradition of Cesare Battisti:Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti is freed from jail in Brazil after the Brazilian Constitutional Court rules against extraditing him to face charges in Italy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-13708698)
2. [AFP via News 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110609-brazil-supreme-court-reject-request-extradite-far-left-militant-battisti-italy?ns_campaign=nl_quot_en&amp;ns_mchannel=email_marketing&amp;ns_source=NLQ_20110609&amp;f24_member_id=&amp;ns_linkname=node_5207265&amp;ns_fee=0)

### Related:

1. [ Cesare Battisti, convicted ''in absentia'' of two murders in Italy in the 1970s and who later became a crime writer in France, is arrested in Brazil. ](/news/2007/03/18/cesare-battisti-convicted-in-absentia-of-two-murders-in-italy-in-the-1970s-and-who-later-became-a-crime-writer-in-france-is-arrested.md) _Context: Brazil, Cesare Battisti, Italian_
2. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka ''The General'', leader of  one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (PS3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-e.md) _Context: Italian, extradited_
3. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
4. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
5. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
6. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
7. [Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's  current president,  Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. ](/news/2016/03/16/brazil-s-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-takes-cabinet-post-as-chief-of-staff-to-brazil-s-current-president-dilma-rousseff-there.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
8. [Brazil's Supreme Court issues a decision that bans corporate money in elections. This ruling comes as a major investigation is underway in the country on a campaign financing bribery and corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/17/brazil-s-supreme-court-issues-a-decision-that-bans-corporate-money-in-elections-this-ruling-comes-as-a-major-investigation-is-underway-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
9. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil strikes down a law allowing the subjects of biographies to quash works they disapprove of. ](/news/2015/06/10/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-strikes-down-a-law-allowing-the-subjects-of-biographies-to-quash-works-they-disapprove-of.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Court Justice_
10. [Efforts to refloat the Italian cruise ship ''Costa Concordia'' begin off the coast of Italy two and a half years after it sank. ](/news/2014/07/14/efforts-to-refloat-the-italian-cruise-ship-costa-concordia-begin-off-the-coast-of-italy-two-and-a-half-years-after-it-sank.md) _Context: Italian, Italian_
