### [2011-06-9](/news/2011/06/9/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court upholds a 2009 jury verdict in a patent dispute at the expense of software giant Microsoft in favor of Canadian company i4i. 




### Source:

1. [Cornell University Law School](http://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/html/10-290.ZO.html#2)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court cuts back sharply on the range of patentable software, in a case involving business methods. ](/news/2014/06/19/the-u-s-supreme-court-cuts-back-sharply-on-the-range-of-patentable-software-in-a-case-involving-business-methods.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, software_
2. [Smartphone wars: Microsoft wins a much-watched lawsuit, with a federal judge finding that Motorola had breached agreements about the licensing of its patents. ](/news/2013/09/5/smartphone-wars-microsoft-wins-a-much-watched-lawsuit-with-a-federal-judge-finding-that-motorola-had-breached-agreements-about-the-licensi.md) _Context: Microsoft, patent_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court unanimously rejects two patents held by Prometheus Laboratories, a unit of Nestle S.A., continuing a trend in recent years toward a narrowing of the grounds of patentability. ](/news/2012/03/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-unanimously-rejects-two-patents-held-by-prometheus-laboratories-a-unit-of-nestla-c-s-a-continuing-a-trend-in-recent.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, patent_
4. [ United States v. Microsoft: The United States Justice Department announces that it was no longer seeking to break-up software maker Microsoft and will instead seek a lesser antitrust penalty.](/news/2001/09/6/united-states-v-microsoft-the-united-states-justice-department-announces-that-it-was-no-longer-seeking-to-break-up-software-maker-microso.md) _Context: Microsoft, software_
5. [Microsoft Paint: Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/microsoft-paint-amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its.md) _Context: Microsoft_
6. [Microsoft Paint: Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-paint-microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Freedom of speech in the United States: The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
