### [2011-06-9](/news/2011/06/9/index.md)

# The International Atomic Energy Agency votes to report Syria to the United Nations Security Council over its alleged covert nuclear programme. 

Syria is to be reported to the UN Security Council over its alleged covert nuclear programme, amid increasing pressure over its crackdown on protests.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13717874)

### Related:

1. [In the International Atomic Energy Agency's report before the United Nations Security Council votes on sanctions against Iran, international nuclear inspectors state that Iran has now produced a stockpile of nuclear fuel that would be enough, with further enrichment, to make two nuclear weapons, and it appears to bolster the Obama administration's case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2010/05/31/in-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-s-report-before-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-sanctions-against-iran-international.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, United Nations Security Council, nuclear programme_
2. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
3. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United States and Russia agree on a draft United Nations Security Council resolution aiming to rid Syria of its chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-united-states-and-russia-agree-on-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aiming-to-rid-syria-of-its-chemical-weapons.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
6. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:The United Nations Security Council votes on an Arab League proposal to resolve problems in Syria with reports of hundreds of people dead in the past couple of days as a result of shelling in Homs - the People's Republic of China and Russia veto the resolution.  ](/news/2012/02/4/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pthe-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-an-arab-league-proposal-to-resolve-problems-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
7. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls on the United Nations Security Council to back its proposal for the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad to hand over power to his deputy and prepare for elections. ](/news/2012/01/31/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-back-its-proposal-for-the-president-of-syria-ba.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
8. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls on the United Nations Security Council to back its plan to end the violence in Syria. ](/news/2012/01/26/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-back-its-plan-to-end-the-violence-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Russia and the People's Republic of China veto a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Syria for a crackdown on political protestors. ](/news/2011/10/4/russia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-veto-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condemning-syria-for-a-crackdown-on-political-pr.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
10. [A United Nations report suggests North Korea has supplied Burma, Iran and Syria with nuclear technology, in violation of United Nations sanctions. China had previously blocked the report from reaching the UN Security Council. ](/news/2010/11/9/a-united-nations-report-suggests-north-korea-has-supplied-burma-iran-and-syria-with-nuclear-technology-in-violation-of-united-nations-sanc.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations Security Council_
