### [2017-06-11](/news/2017/06/11/index.md)

# Gaddafi family. Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. 

Saif al-Islam Gaddafi has been freed by an armed group in western Libya where he was being held following the 2011 revolt against his late father, former leader Muammar Gaddafi, one of his lawyers and the brigade involved said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-libya-security-saif-idUSKBN192092)

### Related:

1. [Muammar Gaddafi's fugitive son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, is captured in Libya. ](/news/2011/11/19/muammar-gaddafi-s-fugitive-son-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-is-captured-in-libya.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Muammar Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi_
2. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of the late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, is reported to be attempting to negotiate a surrender to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2011/10/26/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-the-late-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-reported-to-be-attempting-to-negotiate-a-surrender-to-the-interna.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Muammar Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi_
3. [2011 Battle of Tripoli. Heavy fighting continues in the Libyan capital Tripoli as Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi leads a counterattack despite earlier reports of his capture. ](/news/2011/08/23/2011-battle-of-tripoli-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-as-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-leads-a-counte.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, Tripoli_
4. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
5. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi_
6. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
7. [The British government pays GBP2.23 million to the family of Sami al-Saadi, who with his wife and young children, was abducted with the help of MI-6, forced onto a plane and secretly flown to Tripoli, where he was tortured for years by the security police of the former dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-british-government-pays-agbp2-23-million-to-the-family-of-sami-al-saadi-who-with-his-wife-and-young-children-was-abducted-with-the-hel.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
8. [Baghdadi Mahmudi, a former Prime Minister of Libya, under Muammar Gaddafi, goes on trial in Tripoli charged with "acts that led to the unjust killing of Libyans". ](/news/2012/12/10/baghdadi-mahmudi-a-former-prime-minister-of-libya-under-muammar-gaddafi-goes-on-trial-in-tripoli-charged-with-acts-that-led-to-the-unjus.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
9. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:. Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
10. [Four officials from the International Criminal Court, including Melinda Taylor, are released after they were held in the Libyan city of Zintan for four weeks on suspicion of spying. ](/news/2012/07/2/four-officials-from-the-international-criminal-court-including-melinda-taylor-are-released-after-they-were-held-in-the-libyan-city-of-zint.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Zintan_
