### [2017-06-11](/news/2017/06/11/index.md)

# Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Sunday he was not aware the U.S. government was providing assistance to government troops in its battle against Islamist militants in a southern city.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-philippines-militants-duterte-idUSKBN1920FO)

### Related:

1. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: Marawi crisis, Philippines, United States_
2. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Philippine government, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
6. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
8. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Marawi crisis, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Marawi crisis: Philippine Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana announces the deaths of ten soldiers in Marawi as a result of a "friendly fire" airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/1/marawi-crisis-philippine-defense-secretary-delfin-lorenzana-announces-the-deaths-of-ten-soldiers-in-marawi-as-a-result-of-a-friendly-fire.md) _Context: Marawi crisis, Philippines_
