### [2017-06-11](/news/2017/06/11/index.md)

# "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. 

US president told Theresa May he did not want trip to go ahead if there were large-scale public protests


### Source:

1. [Geo TV](https://www.geo.tv/latest/145424-britain-us-deny-reports-claiming-trumps-state-visit-now-postponed)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/11/donald-trump-state-visit-to-britain-put-on-hold)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/4a28b26d1db4d3354bd744da9022e40e2dcd0aa2/436_137_2016_1209/master/2016.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=492bcc05af8c130457859249e88ae703)

### Related:

1. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
3. [British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-by.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/01/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-to-be-the-next-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
5. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Donald Trump_
6. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [ U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
