### [2017-06-11](/news/2017/06/11/index.md)

# ''The Guardian'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. 

US president told Theresa May he did not want trip to go ahead if there were large-scale public protests


### Source:

1. [Geo TV](https://www.geo.tv/latest/145424-britain-us-deny-reports-claiming-trumps-state-visit-now-postponed)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/11/donald-trump-state-visit-to-britain-put-on-hold)

### Related:

1. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
3. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/01/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-to-be-the-next-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
5. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Donald Trump_
6. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Theresa May_
7. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Theresa May_
9. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
