### [2005-07-19](/news/2005/07/19/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, prime minister Fouad Siniora announces his new cabinet after long negotiations. Cabinet members include representative of Hezbollah when Christian leader Michel Aoun refuses to join 

After three weeks of political squabbling over key posts Lebanon&#39;s Prime Minister Fouad Siniora formed the new government which excludes Free Patriotic Movement leader Michel Aoun but includes for&nbsp; the first time a senior member of Hizbullah. The inclusion of Hizbullah drew an immediate rebuke from the U.S. officials.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/80426F68-BD36-4CEB-8299-8AB0D5369C9F.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4697587.stm)
3. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=16919)
4. [Monday Morning, Lebanon](http://www.mmorning.com/articleC.asp?Article=2649&CategoryID=2)

### Related:

1. [ Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2006/12/1/hezbollah-members-demonstrate-their-opposition-to-the-siniora-administration-in-beirut-lebanon.md) _Context: Fouad Siniora, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
2. [ White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said in a statement that "We are therefore increasingly concerned by mounting evidence that the Syrian and Iranian governments, Hezbollah, and their Lebanese allies are preparing plans to topple Lebanon's democratically elected government," and that "We're making it clear to everybody in the region that we think that there ought to be hands off the [Prime Minister Fouad] Siniora government; let them go about and do their business.](/news/2006/11/1/white-house-press-secretary-tony-snow-said-in-a-statement-that-we-are-therefore-increasingly-concerned-by-mounting-evidence-that-the-syria.md) _Context: Fouad Siniora, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
4. [ Syrian civil war. Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
5. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
6. [Lebanese daily newspaper "As-Safir" ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falling.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [The Arab League declares the Lebanon-based Shiite group Hezbollah a terrorist organization. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-arab-league-declares-the-lebanon-based-shiite-group-hezbollah-a-terrorist-organization.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [Foreign relations of Lebanon. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/foreign-relations-of-lebanon-the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issu.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [Ashraf Rifi resigns as the Minister for Justice for Lebanon in protest at Hezbollah domination of the government which he claims is harming relations with Arab nations. ](/news/2016/02/21/ashraf-rifi-resigns-as-the-minister-for-justice-for-lebanon-in-protest-at-hezbollah-domination-of-the-government-which-he-claims-is-harming.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
