### [2005-07-19](/news/2005/07/19/index.md)

#  UK court sentences Afghan warlord Faryadi Sarwar Zardad for 20 years in jail for war crimes 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/1B671E79-FAA1-4207-A92F-7CA7D1CF9907.htm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-07-18T125425Z_01_SCH846359_RTRUKOC_0_CRIME-AFGHAN-WARLORD.xml)
3. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/07/20/nzardad20.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/07/20/ixportal.html)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
2. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
3. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
4. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
5. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, United Kingdom_
6. [Five British ISAF personnel are killed in a military helicopter crash in Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/04/26/five-british-isaf-personnel-are-killed-in-a-military-helicopter-crash-in-kandahar-province-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, United Kingdom_
7. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
8. [The United Kingdom is to hand over responsibility for Afghanistan's Sangin area to the United States. ](/news/2010/07/7/the-united-kingdom-is-to-hand-over-responsibility-for-afghanistan-s-sangin-area-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghan, United Kingdom_
9. [William Hague, the United Kingdom Foreign Secretary, says that British soldiers should be out of Afghanistan by 2014. ](/news/2010/07/20/william-hague-the-united-kingdom-foreign-secretary-says-that-british-soldiers-should-be-out-of-afghanistan-by-2014.md) _Context: Afghan, United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom is accused of complicity in torture in Afghanistan as peace campaigner Maya Evans seeks a judicial review of the government's role in the extraordinary rendition of suspects. ](/news/2010/04/20/the-united-kingdom-is-accused-of-complicity-in-torture-in-afghanistan-as-peace-campaigner-maya-evans-seeks-a-judicial-review-of-the-governme.md) _Context: Afghan, United Kingdom_
