### [2011-03-29](/news/2011/03/29/index.md)

# 2010-2011 Ivorian crisis:: Fighters backing internationally recognised president Alassane Ouattara launch a "general offensive" in the west, centre-west and east of Ivory Coast. 

Fighting&#x20;raged&#x20;in&#x20;a&#x20;key&#x20;town&#x20;in&#x20;western&#x20;Ivory&#x20;Coast&#x20;on&#x20;Monday&#x20;as&#x20;fighters&#x20;loyal&#x20;to&#x20;internationally&#x20;recognised&#x20;president&#x20;Alassane&#x20;Ouattara&#x20;upped&#x20;their&#x20;offensive&#x20;against&#x20;forces&#x20;loyal&#x20;to&#x20;incumbent&#x20;leader&#x20;Laurent&#x20;Gbagbo.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110328-ivory-coast-gbagbo-ouattara-fighters-dawn-raid-duekoue-western-town)

### Related:

1. [2017 Ivory Coast mutiny: Ivory Coast president Alassane Ouattara reaches a deal with soldiers who seized the town of Bouake in a pay protest. The soldiers are seeking bonuses, pay rises and faster promotion. ](/news/2017/01/7/2017-ivory-coast-mutiny-ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-reaches-a-deal-with-soldiers-who-seized-the-town-of-bouake-in-a-pay-protest.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
2. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Partial results from Sunday's election give Ivory Coast's President Alassane Ouattara an overwhelming lead (83.18 percent) on the way to a second five-year term. This weekend's vote was judged to be peaceful and transparent by observers, making it the first in Cote d'Ivoire-s history not to be marred by serious rights violations or irregularities. ](/news/2015/10/27/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-partial-results-from-sunday-s-election-give-ivory-coast-s-president-alassane-ouattara-an-overwhelming-l.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
3. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Voters in the Ivory Coast go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent Alassane Ouattara favoured to win. ](/news/2015/10/25/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-the-ivory-coast-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
4. [President of Ivory Coast Alassane Ouattara meets with his French counterpart Francois Hollande in Paris to finalize a deal that will forgive a debt of nearly 4.7 billion dollars owed to the former colonial power.](/news/2012/07/26/president-of-ivory-coast-alassane-ouattara-meets-with-his-french-counterpart-franassois-hollande-in-paris-to-finalize-a-deal-that-will-forgiv.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
5. [Alassane Ouattara is inaugurated as President of the Ivory Coast. ](/news/2011/05/21/alassane-ouattara-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
6. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis:: Forces loyal to internationally-recognised Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara storm the bunker of Laurent Gbagbo in a "final assault". ](/news/2011/04/6/2010-2011-ivorian-crisis-forces-loyal-to-internationally-recognised-ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-storm-the-bunker-of-laurent.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
7. [Ivory Coast militia leader Ibrahim Coulibaly is killed in fighting with the forces of new President Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/27/ivory-coast-militia-leader-ibrahim-coulibaly-is-killed-in-fighting-with-the-forces-of-new-president-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
8. [Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara says former leader Laurent Gbagbo will face charges at the national and international level. ](/news/2011/04/13/ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-says-former-leader-laurent-gbagbo-will-face-charges-at-the-national-and-international-level.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
9. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis/Second Ivorian Civil War:: Laurent Gbagbo is captured and arrested in Abidjan. Gbagbo has been reportedly taken to the headquarters of Alassane Ouattara. French reports claim he was captured by Ouattara supporters while contradictory reports suggest he was captured by French special forces. ](/news/2011/04/11/2010-2011-ivorian-crisis-second-ivorian-civil-war-laurent-gbagbo-is-captured-and-arrested-in-abidjan-gbagbo-has-been-reportedly-taken-to.md) _Context: 2010-2011 Ivorian crisis, Alassane Ouattara_
10. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/1/2010-2011-ivorian-crisis-heavy-fighting-continues-in-abidjan-the-largest-city-in-the-ivory-coast-between-forces-loyal-to-current-preside.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
