### [2013-12-30](/news/2013/12/30/index.md)

# Shots are fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens, Greece; no casualties are reported. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/shots-fired-at-german-ambassadors-residence-in-greece/a-17330313)

### Related:

1. [The European Union and Germany deny a report of a 20-25 billion euro (PS22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledge again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target. ](/news/2010/02/22/the-european-union-and-germany-deny-a-report-of-a-20-25-billion-euro-aps22-billion-aid-plan-for-greece-and-athens-pledge-again-to-take-new.md) _Context: Athens, Germany, Greece_
2. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Germany, Greece_
3. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Germany, Greece_
4. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Greece_
5. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the ''Times of London'' the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
6. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street.  While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-th.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
7. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Germany, Greece_
8. [Greece requests its partners in the eurozone for a six month loan program extension in an apparent compromise attempt; Germany has rejected the request. ](/news/2015/02/19/greece-requests-its-partners-in-the-eurozone-for-a-six-month-loan-program-extension-in-an-apparent-compromise-attempt-germany-has-rejected.md) _Context: Germany, Greece_
9. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
10. [Terrorism in Greece:A bomb explodes outside the residence of a Greek shipowner near Acropolis in central Athens; no one is injured. ](/news/2013/03/27/terrorism-in-greece-pa-bomb-explodes-outside-the-residence-of-a-greek-shipowner-near-acropolis-in-central-athens-no-one-is-injured.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
