### [2009-10-24](/news/2009/10/24/index.md)

#  Senior envoys from North Korea and the United States hold rare talks on North Korea's nuclear programme in New York City. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/1013557/1/.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE59N1QY20091024)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [South Korea-United States relations: American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States. South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:: The Bank of China halts business with a North Korean bank accused by the United States of financing Pyongyang's missile and nuclear programs. ](/news/2013/05/7/2013-korean-crisis-the-bank-of-china-halts-business-with-a-north-korean-bank-accused-by-the-united-states-of-financing-pyongyang-s-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [The United States and North Korea are expected to hold diplomatic talks regarding North Korea's nuclear program. The talks are the first meeting after the six-party talks stalled in 2008. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-united-states-and-north-korea-are-expected-to-hold-diplomatic-talks-regarding-north-korea-s-nuclear-program-the-talks-are-the-first-mee.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
