### [2009-10-24](/news/2009/10/24/index.md)

#  The International Day of Climate Action occurred worldwide in prelude to the United Nations Climate Change Conference of 2009, with over 5,400 actions to raise awareness of the assertion that 350 ppm is the maximum safe level of carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere, and call for mitigation of global warming before Earth reaches a climatological tipping point. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/10/24/international.climate.change.demonstrations/)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/25/science/earth/25threefifty.html)

### Related:

1. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
2. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
3. [France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/france-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-un-climate-change-conference-that-opens-in-le-bourget-in.md) _Context: UN Climate Change Conference_
4. [Scientists announce creation of a new chemical compound, NOTT-202, capable of selectively absorbing carbon dioxide. ](/news/2012/06/12/scientists-announce-creation-of-a-new-chemical-compound-nott-202-capable-of-selectively-absorbing-carbon-dioxide.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
5. [Russia's unmanned Fobos-Grunt space probe re-enters the Earth's atmosphere after a failed mission to the Martian moon Phobos. The 13-ton spacecraft disintegrates over the southern Pacific Ocean at approximately 16:45 UTC. China's first Mars probe, Yinghuo-1, which was launched together with Fobos-Grunt, is also destroyed. ](/news/2012/01/15/russia-s-unmanned-fobos-grunt-space-probe-re-enters-the-earth-s-atmosphere-after-a-failed-mission-to-the-martian-moon-phobos-the-13-ton-spa.md) _Context: Earth's atmosphere_
6. [An analysis of data detected by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter of the LCROSS impact last October finds the presence of carbon monoxide in Cabeus Crater in higher concentrations than the approximately 155 kg of water ice and water vapour, more than initially estimated, in addition to two hydroxyl flavours and smaller quantities of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, mercury, magnesium, calcium, sodium, hydrogen gas, and possibly ammonia, ethylene and silver. ](/news/2010/10/21/an-analysis-of-data-detected-by-the-lunar-reconnaissance-orbiter-of-the-lcross-impact-last-october-finds-the-presence-of-carbon-monoxide-in.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
7. [ The United Nations Climate Change Conference opens in Copenhagen. ](/news/2009/12/7/the-united-nations-climate-change-conference-opens-in-copenhagen.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change_
8. [ Thirty world leaders present in Copenhagen for the United Nations Conference on Climate Change agree on a draft accord. ](/news/2009/12/18/thirty-world-leaders-present-in-copenhagen-for-the-united-nations-conference-on-climate-change-agree-on-a-draft-accord.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change_
9. [ Danish Prime Minister Lars Lkke Rasmussen replaces Connie Hedegaard in a "procedural move" as president of the U.N. climate talks, as further clashes take place around the perimeter of the summit. ](/news/2009/12/16/danish-prime-minister-lars-lokke-rasmussen-replaces-connie-hedegaard-in-a-procedural-move-as-president-of-the-u-n-climate-talks-as-furt.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change_
10. [ The Group of 77 (including China, India, UAE, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia) suspends participation in treaty negotiations at the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference, citing the unwillingness of developed nations to live up to the Kyoto Protocol and what they view as a lack of open negotiations. ](/news/2009/12/14/the-group-of-77-including-china-india-uae-qatar-and-saudi-arabia-suspends-participation-in-treaty-negotiations-at-the-copenhagen-clim.md) _Context: Conference on Climate Change_
