### [2009-10-24](/news/2009/10/24/index.md)

#  Thousands of people protest in London, England, demanding the withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jx1Urc-wIMr5xi250Qyiei5fXc1Q)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8323163.stm)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/Afghanistan/article6888696.ece)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Britain, England_
2. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: Britain, England_
3. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: Britain, London_
4. [AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-aps921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-t.md) _Context: Britain, London_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britain, London_
6. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: England, London_
7. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: Britain, England_
8. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: Britain, England_
9. [Tens of thousands of junior doctors rally in London (UK) near Pall Mall to protest contract changes that will reclassify their normal working week to include Saturdays and late evenings, and the government's threat to impose a new contract. ](/news/2015/10/18/tens-of-thousands-of-junior-doctors-rally-in-london-uk-near-pall-mall-to-protest-contract-changes-that-will-reclassify-their-normal-workin.md) _Context: Britain, London_
10. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: Britain, London_
