
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/23/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-was-issued-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/23/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-was-issued-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/23/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-was-issued-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia.xml)  

### [2018-01-23](/news/2018/01/23/index.md)

# A 7.9 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska. A tsunami warning was issued for coastal Alaska through Canada's British Columbia, and the U.S. West Coast, from the Washington state--Canadian border to the Mexican border, was under a tsunami watch. Areas of Alaska remain under a tsunami advisory. It is tied as the sixth-largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States, but there are no reports of significant damage or fatalities. 

Only four earthquakes with a greater magnitude have ever been recorded in the US, all of which caused a tsunami.


### Sources:

1. [CBS News](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/tsunami-warning-for-much-alaska-coast-follows-earthquake-live-updates/)
2. [Sky News UK](http://news.sky.com/story/tsunami-warning-after-huge-alaska-quake-11219220)
3. [USGS](https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us2000cmy3#executive)
3. [Cover Image](https://e3.365dm.com/18/01/1600x900/skynews-tsunami-alert-kodiak-earthquake_4212698.jpg?20180123105650)

### Changes:

1. [An 8.2 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska prompting a tsunami warning. It is the fifth largest earthquake in the history of the United States. [news.sky.com-story-tsunami-warning-after-huge-alaska-quake-11219220 (Sky News UK)]](/news/2018/01/23/an-8-2-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-prompting-a-tsunami-warning-it-is-the-fifth-largest-earthquake-in-the-history-of-t.md) _2018-01-23 11:30:07 (First version)_
2. [An 7.9 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska. There is a tsunami warning for coastal Alaska through Canada's British Columbia. The U.S. West Coast, from the Washington state--Canadian border to the Mexican border, is under a tsunami watch. It is the fifth largest earthquake in the history of the United States. ](/news/2018/01/23/an-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-there-is-a-tsunami-warning-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia-t.md) _2018-01-23 13:30:07 (Update)_
3. [An 7.9 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska. A tsunami warning was issued for coastal Alaska through Canada's British Columbia, and the U.S. West Coast, from the Washington state--Canadian border to the Mexican border, was under a tsunami watch. Areas of Alaska remain under a tsunami advisory. It is tied as the sixth-largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States, but there are no reports of significant damage or fatalities. ](/news/2018/01/23/an-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-was-issued-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia.md) _2018-01-23 14:30:07 (Update)_
3. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska. A tsunami warning was issued for coastal Alaska through Canada's British Columbia, and the U.S. West Coast, from the Washington state--Canadian border to the Mexican border, was under a tsunami watch. Areas of Alaska remain under a tsunami advisory. It is tied as the sixth-largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States, but there are no reports of significant damage or fatalities. ](/news/2018/01/23/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-was-issued-for-coastal-alaska-through-canada-s-british-columbia.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: Alaska, United States, Washington state_
2. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year. The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canadian, Mexican border, United States_
3. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Canadian, Mexican border, United States_
4. [The United States will end the temporary protected status program (TPS) for more than 300,000 refugees from El Salvador, Haiti, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Many of the refugees have already left for Canada, where it is easier to get asylum. ](/news/2017/11/4/the-united-states-will-end-the-temporary-protected-status-program-tps-for-more-than-300-000-refugees-from-el-salvador-haiti-honduras-an.md) _Context: Canadian, United States_
5. [A magnitude 8.1 earthquake is recorded 96 kilometers (60 miles) south of Pijijiapan, Chiapas, Mexico. This is Mexico's strongest quake since the 8.0 earthquake that hit the Greater Mexico City area in 1985. At least 26 deaths have been recorded.](/news/2017/09/7/a-magnitude-8-1-earthquake-is-recorded-96-kilometers-60-miles-south-of-pijijiapan-chiapas-mexico-this-is-mexico-s-strongest-quake-since.md) _Context: Mexican border, magnitude_
