### [2010-07-1](/news/2010/07/1/index.md)

# Pierre Nkurunziza, the incumbent President of Burundi and sole candidate in the presidential election, is re-elected with more than 91% of the votes. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hHl55epxpc6OXNZIfZR2cUw95iLw)
2. [AfricaNews](http://www.africanews.com/site/Burundi_EU_concern_about_president_reelection/list_messages/33137)
3. [Xinhua via CPD](http://english.peopledaily.com.cn/90001/90777/90855/7049063.html)

### Related:

1. [A presidential election takes place in Burundi with incumbent President Pierre Nkurunziza as the only candidate. A series of grenade attacks also take place. ](/news/2010/06/28/a-presidential-election-takes-place-in-burundi-with-incumbent-president-pierre-nkurunziza-as-the-only-candidate-a-series-of-grenade-attacks.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, presidential election_
2. [2015 Burundian unrest. Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-t.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
3. [2015 Burundian unrest. Burundi-s army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/2015-burundian-unrest-burundi-s-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spri.md) _Context: Pierre Nkurunziza, President_
4. [Burundian presidential election, 2015. The President of Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, is elected for a third consecutive term. ](/news/2015/07/24/burundian-presidential-election-2015-the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-is-elected-for-a-third-consecutive-term.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
5. [Burundian presidential election, 2015. Voters in Burundi go to the polls for a presidential election amidst gunfire and violence with President Pierre Nkurunziza seeking a third term and opposition parties boycotting the election. At least two people have been killed in election violence. ](/news/2015/07/21/burundian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-burundi-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-amidst-gunfire-and-violence-with-presid.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
6. [The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. ](/news/2015/05/31/the-east-african-community-calls-on-burundi-to-postpone-its-presidential-election-due-to-unrest-sparked-by-the-decision-by-president-pierre.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
7. [2015 Burundian unrest. The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/2015-burundian-unrest-the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
8. [Two policemen and a civilian are killed and three others injured after a grenade attack in Burundi's capital Bujumbura. The attack takes place a day after a similar incident injured three officers, and comes in the midst of intensifying protests against current president Pierre Nkurunziza. ](/news/2015/05/2/two-policemen-and-a-civilian-are-killed-and-three-others-injured-after-a-grenade-attack-in-burundi-s-capital-bujumbura-the-attack-takes-pla.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
9. [2015 Burundian coup d'tat attempt. Burundi officials say that they have arrested several coup members but the leader of the failed coup against President Pierre Nkurunziza, Major General Godefroid Niyombare remains at large. ](/news/2015/05/15/2015-burundian-coup-d-etat-attempt-burundi-officials-say-that-they-have-arrested-several-coup-members-but-the-leader-of-the-failed-coup-aga.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
10. [Two people are killed overnight in Burundi and two others wounded in violence that follows a controversial presidential election in which incumbent Pierre Nkurunziza was the only candidate. ](/news/2010/06/30/two-people-are-killed-overnight-in-burundi-and-two-others-wounded-in-violence-that-follows-a-controversial-presidential-election-in-which-in.md) _Context: Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza_
