### [2012-02-27](/news/2012/02/27/index.md)

# A report by the Rebuild Japan Initiative Foundation claims that the Japanese government considered the evacuation of Tokyo during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. 

In the darkest moments of last year’s nuclear accident, leaders secretly considered the possibility of evacuating the Japanese capital.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/28/world/asia/japan-considered-tokyo-evacuation-during-the-nuclear-crisis-report-says.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [Human Rights Watch claims that the Government of Japan has been too slow in providing health care to survivors of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/03/6/human-rights-watch-claims-that-the-government-of-japan-has-been-too-slow-in-providing-health-care-to-survivors-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nucl.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
2. [Rice futures trading on the Tokyo Grain Exchange is suspended following fears that the Japanese crop has been contaminated by radiation from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/08/8/rice-futures-trading-on-the-tokyo-grain-exchange-is-suspended-following-fears-that-the-japanese-crop-has-been-contaminated-by-radiation-from.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Tokyo_
3. [The Japanese government led by Prime Minister Naoto Kan announces that it is firing three senior bureaucrats responsible for nuclear energy policy as a result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster earlier this year. ](/news/2011/08/4/the-japanese-government-led-by-prime-minister-naoto-kan-announces-that-it-is-firing-three-senior-bureaucrats-responsible-for-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
4. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
5. [Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-being-cancelled-it-arrives-on.md) _Context: Tokyo_
6. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-govern.md) _Context: Tokyo_
7. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Tokyo_
8. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: Tokyo_
9. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
10. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Tokyo_
