### [2012-02-27](/news/2012/02/27/index.md)

# Argentina turns away two cruise ships from the port of Ushuaia &ndash; P&O Cruises ''Adonia'' and Princess Cruises' ''Star Princess'' &ndash; because the ships had earlier visited the Falkland Islands. 




### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://overheadbin.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/02/27/10519322-argentina-turns-away-two-cruise-ships-in-falkland-islands-dispute)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
2. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
3. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
4. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
5. [Sir Mark Lyall Grant, the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, describes claims by Argentina that the United Kingdom is militarising the Falkland Islands as "manifestly absurd". ](/news/2012/02/11/sir-mark-lyall-grant-the-permanent-representative-of-the-united-kingdom-to-the-united-nations-describes-claims-by-argentina-that-the-unite.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
6. [Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/10/argentina-s-foreign-minister-ha-c-ctor-timerman-issues-a-formal-complaint-to-the-united-nations-about-british-militarisation-of-seas-around.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
7. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
8. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-pdesire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-te.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
9. [ Argentina formally accepts apologies from the Spanish government which admitted having committed a "protocol error" on allowing the presence of a delegation from the Falkland Islands in an international fisheries sustainability conference. ](/news/2009/09/16/argentina-formally-accepts-apologies-from-the-spanish-government-which-admitted-having-committed-a-aprotocol-errora-on-allowing-the-pre.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
10. [A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. Authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-of-the-building-s-gat.md) _Context: Argentina_
