### [2012-02-27](/news/2012/02/27/index.md)

# News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". 

Singer Charlotte Church says she is &quot;sickened&quot; by what she discovered during her legal action against News International over phone hacking - as she and her parents settle for £600,000.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17178550)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [News International phone hacking scandal:. Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-adam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the "The Sun on Sunday" to replace the "News of the World", which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacking-c.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal. The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal. Former "News of the World" managing editor Stuart Kuttner is arrested and later bailed as part of the ongoing investigation into phone hacking. ](/news/2011/08/2/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-former-news-of-the-world-managing-editor-stuart-kuttner-is-arrested-and-later-bailed-as-part-of.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal. Former "News of the World" news editor Greg Miskiw is arrested, then later bailed as the investigation into phone-hacking continues. ](/news/2011/08/10/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-former-news-of-the-world-news-editor-greg-miskiw-is-arrested-then-later-bailed-as-the-investiga.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal:. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
