### [2012-02-27](/news/2012/02/27/index.md)

# The German Bundestag votes overwhelmingly in support for a Greek bailout. 

Germany&#039;s parliament overwhelmingly endorses a second rescue package for Greece, worth $163 billion.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-02-28/bundestag-votes-for-greek-bailout/3856162?section=business)
2. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/markets/german-parliament-to-vote-on-new-greek-bailout-amid-tensions-over-way-forward/2012/02/27/gIQAqrQFdR_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Bundestag, Germany_
2. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
3. [Armenian Genocide recognition: The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/armenian-genocide-recognition-the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-gen.md) _Context: Bundestag, Germany_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
5. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
6. [Military intervention against ISIL: In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: Bundestag, Germany_
7. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Bundestag, Greek_
9. [Greece requests its partners in the eurozone for a six month loan program extension in an apparent compromise attempt; Germany has rejected the request. ](/news/2015/02/19/greece-requests-its-partners-in-the-eurozone-for-a-six-month-loan-program-extension-in-an-apparent-compromise-attempt-germany-has-rejected.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
10. [Shots are fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens, Greece; no casualties are reported. ](/news/2013/12/30/shots-are-fired-at-the-german-ambassador-s-residence-in-athens-greece-no-casualties-are-reported.md) _Context: Germany, Greek_
