### [2003-01-25](/news/2003/01/25/index.md)

#  The Internet was attacked by very high traffic caused by a self-replicating software worm program called "SQL Slammer". This attacked Microsoft SQL servers, causing them to spray the Internet with more copies of the worm program. This was made possible by a security vulnerability in Microsoft SQL Server. The worm attack had the side effect of causing a distributed denial-of-service attack on the rest of the Internet.




### Related:

1. [Microsoft announces that it is purchasing Internet phone service Skype for US$8.5 billion. ](/news/2011/05/10/microsoft-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-internet-phone-service-skype-for-us-8-5-billion.md) _Context: Internet, Microsoft_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
3. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
4. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Internet_
6. [Security analysts state that the October 21 denial-of-service attacks on Internet performance management company Dyn was perpetrated using Mirai malware-created botnets that used consumer internet of things (IoT) smart devices, such as digital video recorders, cable set-top boxes, routers, etc. Technology experts warn that the security included with IoT is weak, or sometimes even nonexistent. ](/news/2016/10/22/security-analysts-state-that-the-october-21-denial-of-service-attacks-on-internet-performance-management-company-dyn-was-perpetrated-using-m.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
7. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
8. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: Internet_
9. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Internet_
