### [2003-01-25](/news/2003/01/25/index.md)

#  The New Democratic Party in Canada picks Toronto city councillor Jack Layton as its new leader, replacing Alexa McDonough, at its convention in Toronto. Layton wins on the first ballot, beating veteran MP Bill Blaikie.




### Related:

1. [Thomas Mulcair wins the election to replace Jack Layton as leader of Canada's New Democratic Party. He becomes the Leader of the Official Opposition. ](/news/2012/03/24/thomas-mulcair-wins-the-election-to-replace-jack-layton-as-leader-of-canada-s-new-democratic-party-he-becomes-the-leader-of-the-official-op.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
2. [Jack Layton, leader of Canada's New Democratic Party and Leader of the Opposition, dies from cancer at age 61. ](/news/2011/08/22/jack-layton-leader-of-canada-s-new-democratic-party-and-leader-of-the-opposition-dies-from-cancer-at-age-61.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
3. [Canada's Leader of the Opposition Jack Layton announces that he will take a medical leave of absence and an interim leader of the New Democratic Party will be appointed. ](/news/2011/07/25/canada-s-leader-of-the-opposition-jack-layton-announces-that-he-will-take-a-medical-leave-of-absence-and-an-interim-leader-of-the-new-democr.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
4. [ Canadian New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton withdraws his support to the minority government of Prime Minister Paul Martin. This decision might set a confidence vote in the next week. ](/news/2005/11/7/canadian-new-democratic-party-leader-jack-layton-withdraws-his-support-to-the-minority-government-of-prime-minister-paul-martin-this-decis.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
5. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
6. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Toronto_
7. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life for trying to overthrow the DPRK and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-tryin.md) _Context: Toronto_
8. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Toronto_
9. [Air Canada Flight 624 skids off the runway at Halifax Stanfield International Airport, after arriving from Toronto shortly past midnight. All 133 passengers and 5 crews on board survive, with 23 treated for minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/29/air-canada-flight-624-skids-off-the-runway-at-halifax-stanfield-international-airport-after-arriving-from-toronto-shortly-past-midnight-al.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Toronto_
