### [2012-02-25](/news/2012/02/25/index.md)

# The World Health Organisation removes India from the list of polio endemic countries with only Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria remaining. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hHbqWHdaFl7H3RaWjEQVc5f_PEdg?docId=CNG.2ff270d6401d539b5e8cb3a161e0d59f.6c1)

### Related:

1. [19th SAARC summit. Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
2. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
3. [At least 10 anti-government protesters are killed by early morning bombs in Mogadishu; the dead include people from Afghanistan, Algeria, India and Pakistan. ](/news/2010/08/21/at-least-10-anti-government-protesters-are-killed-by-early-morning-bombs-in-mogadishu-the-dead-include-people-from-afghanistan-algeria-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
5. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
6. [Heavy snow and avalanches kill dozens of people in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, while Kabul International Airport is closed due to snow and ice on the runway. ](/news/2017/02/5/heavy-snow-and-avalanches-kill-dozens-of-people-in-afghanistan-and-northern-pakistan-while-kabul-international-airport-is-closed-due-to-sno.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
7. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
8. [Pakistan releases Indian fishermen caught in its territory as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2016/12/25/pakistan-releases-indian-fishermen-caught-in-its-territory-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
9. [India-Pakistan relations. Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
10. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
