### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# 2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals. The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. 

The seven-year Republican quest to scrap Obamacare, a major campaign vow by President Donald Trump, lay in ruins on Friday after the Senate failed to dismantle the healthcare law, with congressional leaders now planning to move on to other matters.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-idUSKBN1AC1G0)

### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
2. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
3. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
4. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals. The replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is withdrawn after Republican leaders fail to gain enough support. The failure of the Trump administration to repeal the act means it will remain law in the United States.](/news/2017/03/24/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-a.md) _Context: 2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
5. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-for-the-thirty-third-time-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-afford.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate votes down a repeal of healthcare reforms 47-51. ](/news/2011/02/2/the-united-states-senate-votes-down-a-repeal-of-healthcare-reforms-47-51.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States Senate_
8. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Philippine Drug War. A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/philippine-drug-war-a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-dru.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [U.S. Senator John McCain is diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer, glioblastoma multiforme. This is his second battle with cancer, after having been successfully treated for malignant melanoma. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-senator-john-mccain-is-diagnosed-with-a-malignant-brain-cancer-glioblastoma-multiforme-this-is-his-second-battle-with-cancer-after-h.md) _Context: United States Senate_
