### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# Iran-United States relations. The United States Treasury Department imposes sanctions on six Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group satellite companies following a recent Iranian rocket launch that the U.S. says breached United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/28/politics/new-iran-sanctions/index.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-iran-satellite-sanctions-idUSKBN1AD289)

### Related:

1. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations, United States Treasury Department_
2. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations_
3. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations_
4. [Russia-United States relations. The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/russia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-a.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
5. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231_
6. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate votes 99-0 in favor of a ten-year extension of the Iran Sanctions Act, the measure will now be sent to President Barack Obama to sign into law. The act was due to expire on December 31, 2016, if not renewed. ](/news/2016/12/1/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-votes-99-0-in-favor-of-a-ten-year-extension-of-the-iran-sanctions-act-the-measure.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations_
7. [Iran-United States relations. Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/iran-united-states-relations-ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations_
8. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
9. [Tax inversion. The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/tax-inversion-the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
10. [Iran-United States relations. The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/iran-united-states-relations-the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-fo.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations_
