### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/us-detects-north-korean-missile-launch/story?id=48908129)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-idUSKBN1AD1ZB)

### Related:

1. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan, South Korea_
2. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: 2017 North Korean missile tests, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan, South Korea_
3. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
4. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
5. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
6. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
8. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan, South Korea_
9. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
10. [ North Korea launches a missile from a submarine off the port city of Sinpo in the Sea of Japan, according to  U.S. and South Korean officials. This missile, the third sub-based attempt this year, flew about 500 kilometers (311 miles) and landed in waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan. The first test  exploded and the second traveled 30 km (181/2 miles). ](/news/2016/08/24/north-korea-launches-a-missile-from-a-submarine-off-the-port-city-of-sinpo-in-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-u-s-and-south-korean-officia.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
