### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# Political appointments by Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. 

President Donald Trump has named Ret. Gen. John Kelly as the new White House chief of staff, replacing Reince Priebus in the role. &quot;I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American and a Great Leader. John has...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-trump-tweets-john-kelly-chief-staff/story?id=48916035)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/28/us/politics/reince-priebus-white-house-trump.html)
3. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/891038014314598400)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. Newly-appointed White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly fires Director of Communications Anthony Scaramucci less than ten days after Scaramucci took up his post. ](/news/2017/07/31/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-newly-appointed-white-house-chief-of-staff-john-f-kelly-fires-director-of-communications-anthony-sc.md) _Context: John F. Kelly, Political appointments by Donald Trump, White House Chief of Staff_
2. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-ma.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Homeland Security Secretary, John F. Kelly_
3. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
5. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump nominates Mark Esper as Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2017/07/19/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-mark-esper-as-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
7. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
