### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. 

President Donald Trump has named Ret. Gen. John Kelly as the new White House chief of staff, replacing Reince Priebus in the role. &quot;I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American and a Great Leader. John has...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-trump-tweets-john-kelly-chief-staff/story?id=48916035)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/28/us/politics/reince-priebus-white-house-trump.html)
3. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/891038014314598400)

### Related:

1. [Newly-appointed White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly fires Director of Communications Anthony Scaramucci less than ten days after Scaramucci took up his post. ](/news/2017/07/31/newly-appointed-white-house-chief-of-staff-john-f-kelly-fires-director-of-communications-anthony-scaramucci-less-than-ten-days-after-scaram.md) _Context: John F. Kelly, Political appointments by Donald Trump, White House Chief of Staff_
2. [The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-mattis-as-secretary-of-defe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Homeland Security Secretary, John F. Kelly_
3. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secretary-due-to-donald-trump-s-appointment-o.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates Mark Esper as Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-mark-esper-as-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Political appointments by Donald Trump_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
7. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-citing-his-plan-to-build.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-americaas-adversaries-through-sanctions-act-prime-minister-of-russia-dmi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
