### [2017-07-28](/news/2017/07/28/index.md)

# U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers. 

U.S. aviation authorities were ordered back to the drawing board on Friday to solve what a federal appeals judge called &quot;The Case of the Incredible Shrinking Airline Seat.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-28/u-s-court-rebukes-faa-over-incredible-shrinking-airline-seat)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-planes-idUSKBN1AD28Y)

### Related:

1. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
2. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
3. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
4. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
5. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
6. [Three aircraft, a Southwest Airlines 737, a Virgin America A319, and a private plane, were all struck by a laser coming from the same direction as they were about to land at Dallas's Love Field, according to the U.S. FAA. ](/news/2015/11/11/three-aircraft-a-southwest-airlines-737-a-virgin-america-a319-and-a-private-plane-were-all-struck-by-a-laser-coming-from-the-same-direct.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
8. [2014 Chicago Air Route Traffic Control Center fire. U.S. District Judge Gary Feinerman sentences a Federal Aviation Administration contractor, Brian Howard, to 12 years in prison for willfully destroying a Chicago-area air navigation facility using a September 26, 2014, fire which caused $100 million in damage. ](/news/2015/09/11/2014-chicago-air-route-traffic-control-center-fire-u-s-district-judge-gary-feinerman-sentences-a-federal-aviation-administration-contracto.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
9. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
10. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. ](/news/2014/07/24/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-lifts-its-ban-on-aircraft-travelling-to-and-from-israel-imposed-due-to-concerns-about-hama.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
