### [2010-02-19](/news/2010/02/19/index.md)

# Ex-IAEA head Mohamed ElBaradei is set to return to Egypt hoping to run for the presidency in the 2011 election. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gKFrskFNeI2JB53Nf5pR7JgcZCBQ)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/02/201021955830950565.html)
3. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8522472.stm)

### Related:

1. [Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei  in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. ](/news/2010/03/4/egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-says-he-does-not-mind-the-nomination-of-the-former-director-general-of-international-atomic-energy-agency-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Egyptian presidential election in September, Mohamed ElBaradei_
2. [ Former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei says that if he decides to run in the presidential election in Egypt in 2011, he will run as an independent candidate instead of running as a  candidate of any of the political parties in Egypt. ](/news/2009/12/11/former-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-that-if-he-decides-to-run-in-the-presidenti.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September, Mohamed ElBaradei_
3. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
4. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
7. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility  shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
8. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
9. [Egypt's new Cabinet is sworn in before President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a week after the previous administration resigned following a corruption scandal, and a month before parliamentary elections. The 33-member body has 16 new ministers, including two women. Sherif Ismail, petroleum minister in the last cabinet, is the new prime minister. ](/news/2015/09/19/egyptas-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-before-president-abdel-fattah-al-sisi-a-week-after-the-previous-administration-resigned-following-a-corru.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
10. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to life in prison for conspiring with foreign groups and upholds an earlier preliminary death sentence issued for a prison break. Muslim Brotherhood leader Khairat el-Shater and two others are given death sentences. ](/news/2015/06/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohamed-morsi-to-life-in-prison-for-conspiring-with-foreign-groups-and-upholds-an-earlier-preli.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
