### [2015-11-11](/news/2015/11/11/index.md)

#  Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen and Shanghai vice mayor Ai Baojun are placed under investigation by the top anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/12/world/asia/china-crackdown-corruption-beijing-shanghai-ai-baojun-lu-xiwen.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:The former party chief of Liaoning and Jilin provinces, Wang Min, is placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/03/5/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-pthe-former-party-chief-of-liaoning-and-jilin-provinces-wang-min-is-placed-under-investigation-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
2. [Wei Hong, Governor of Sichuan province, is announced to be under investigation for "breaching discipline" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/01/15/wei-hong-governor-of-sichuan-province-is-announced-to-be-under-investigation-for-breaching-discipline-by-the-central-commission-for-disc.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
3. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
4. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:Zhou Benshun, the Communist Party chief of China's Hebei province, is detained for investigation by the party's anti-graft body. He is first incumbent provincial leader to be investigated since the anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/07/24/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-pzhou-benshun-the-communist-party-chief-of-china-s-hebei-province-is-detained-for-investigation-by-the-p.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
5. [The Chinese Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces that former Chongqing party boss Sun Zhengcai is under investigation for violating party discipline. Sun is the fourth sitting Politburo member since 1990 to fall from power. ](/news/2017/07/24/the-chinese-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-that-former-chongqing-party-boss-sun-zhengcai-is-under-investigation-for.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
6. [In China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection places under investigation Tianjin mayor Huang Xingguo, who is also serving as acting Communist Party Secretary. ](/news/2016/09/11/in-china-the-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-places-under-investigation-tianjin-mayor-huang-xingguo-who-is-also-serving-as-ac.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
7. [Former Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen is expelled from the Communist Party of China for "interfering with the market economy and law enforcement" and "living a luxurious lifestyle", among other offenses. ](/news/2016/01/5/former-beijing-deputy-communist-party-secretary-lu-xiwen-is-expelled-from-the-communist-party-of-china-for-interfering-with-the-market-econ.md) _Context: Deputy Communist Party Secretary_
8. [Li Dongsheng, a former Vice Minister of China's Ministry of Public Security, is jailed for 15 years for corruption. ](/news/2016/01/12/li-dongsheng-a-former-vice-minister-of-china-s-ministry-of-public-security-is-jailed-for-15-years-for-corruption.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
9. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that  started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
10. [Chinese tycoon Guo Guangchang, founder and chairman of Fosun, is reported missing amid the Chinese anti-corruption campaign. ](/news/2015/12/11/chinese-tycoon-guo-guangchang-founder-and-chairman-of-fosun-is-reported-missing-amid-the-chinese-anti-corruption-campaign.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China_
