### [2015-11-11](/news/2015/11/11/index.md)

# Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. 

&quot;We are fulfilling and will continue to fulfill the mandate of a sovereign parliament,&quot; Neus Munte, vice president of the Catalan government, said Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/catalonia-independence-after-defying-madrid-catalan-leaders-vow-ignore-constitutional-2180979)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4109615/catalonia-spain-independence-court/)

### Related:

1. [The Catalan Parliament  passes a resolution calling for  the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-sa.md) _Context: Catalan, Constitutional Court of Spain, Spain_
2. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Madrid, Spain_
3. [A massive fire breaks out at a tire dump in Sesena, near Madrid in Spain. The illegal dump contains 100,000 tons of used vehicle tires. The smoke from the fire is visible for at least 30km. ](/news/2016/05/13/a-massive-fire-breaks-out-at-a-tire-dump-in-sesea-a-near-madrid-in-spain-the-illegal-dump-contains-100-000-tons-of-used-vehicle-tires-the.md) _Context: Madrid, Spain_
4. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
5. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
6. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: Catalan, Constitutional Court of Spain_
7. [Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist-parties-to-gain-a-majority-which-they-cl.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
8. [The President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Artur Mas i Gavarro, drops plans for a referendum on independence on November 9 from Spain following opposition from the Constitutional Court of Spain. ](/news/2014/10/14/the-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-drops-plans-for-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-from-spain-f.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain, Spain_
9. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
10. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Catalan, Spain_
