### [2015-11-11](/news/2015/11/11/index.md)

# The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/11/us-spain-catalonia-court-idUSKCN0T02CF20151111)

### Related:

1. [The Catalan Parliament  passes a resolution calling for  the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-sa.md) _Context: Catalonia, Constitutional Court of Spain_
2. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Catalonia, Constitutional Court of Spain_
3. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: Catalonia, national government_
4. [Catalan self-determination referendum:The government of Spain announces that it will block the holding of a referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2013/12/12/catalan-self-determination-referendum-pthe-government-of-spain-announces-that-it-will-block-the-holding-of-a-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalonia, national government_
5. [ The Constitutional Court of Spain rules that the Government of the Basque Country could not call a planned referendum on working towards self-determination as only the Government of Spain could call such a vote; the Basque Government said it would appeal to the European Court of Human Rights. ](/news/2008/09/12/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-rules-that-the-government-of-the-basque-country-could-not-call-a-planned-referendum-on-working-towards-se.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain, national government_
6. [The regional Parliament of Catalonia defies the Constitutional Court of Spain by holding an informal and unilateral vote for secession.](/news/2016/07/27/the-regional-parliament-of-catalonia-defies-the-constitutional-court-of-spain-by-holding-an-informal-and-unilateral-vote-for-secession.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia_
8. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia_
9. [Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend-s-election-that-saw-a-record-turnout-of.md) _Context: Catalonia_
10. [Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist-parties-to-gain-a-majority-which-they-cl.md) _Context: Catalonia_
