### [2013-02-10](/news/2013/02/10/index.md)

# Nigerian Sharia conflict:Suspected Boko Haram militants kill three doctors in the northeastern Nigerian region of Yobe. Their nationality is disputed, with reports suggesting they are South Korean, North Korean or Chinese. 

Three doctors - reportedly from North Korea - have been killed in an attack in the north-eastern Nigerian state of Yobe, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21400330)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/02/201321095257350730.html)

### Related:

1. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: China, Nigeria, North Korea_
3. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Clashes between Nigerian soldiers and Boko Haram Islamists kill 18 people in northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2013/08/17/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pclashes-between-nigerian-soldiers-and-boko-haram-islamists-kill-18-people-in-northeast-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
4. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Two Boko Haram commanders Mohammad Bama and Abubakar Zakariya Yau are killed by the Nigerian army in a gun battle in the north-east Adamawa State. ](/news/2013/08/14/nigerian-sharia-conflict-ptwo-boko-haram-commanders-mohammad-bama-and-abubakar-zakariya-yau-are-killed-by-the-nigerian-army-in-a-gun-battle.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
5. [Nigerian Sharia conflict: Islamic extremists kill 42 people, mainly students, in an attack on the Government Secondary School boarding school in the Nigerian town of Mamudo in Yobe state. ](/news/2013/07/6/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pislamic-extremists-kill-42-people-mainly-students-in-an-attack-on-the-government-secondary-school-boarding-scho.md) _Context: Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict, Yobe_
6. [Nigerian Sharia conflict: An attack in Nigeria, suspected to be perpetrated by Islamic sect Boko Haram, kills 55 people. ](/news/2013/05/7/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pan-attack-in-nigeria-suspected-to-be-perpetrated-by-islamic-sect-boko-haram-kills-55-people.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
7. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta threatens to launch a terror campaign to "defend Christianity" in Nigeria in response to attacks by Islamist group Boko Haram. ](/news/2013/04/16/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pthe-movement-for-the-emancipation-of-the-niger-delta-threatens-to-launch-a-terror-campaign-to-defend-christianity.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
8. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Boko Haram rejects the idea of an amnesty offer for militants by Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan. ](/news/2013/04/11/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pboko-haram-rejects-the-idea-of-an-amnesty-offer-for-militants-by-nigerian-president-goodluck-jonathan.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
9. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:The Nigerian Army kills 14 suspected Boko Haram members in a raid on a building, with the death of one soldier and the capture of a potential suicide bomber in a car full of explosives in the northern city of Kano. ](/news/2013/03/31/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pthe-nigerian-army-kills-14-suspected-boko-haram-members-in-a-raid-on-a-building-with-the-death-of-one-soldier-and.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
10. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
