### [2010-10-13](/news/2010/10/13/index.md)

# Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. 

During his first state visit to Lebanon, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says his country supports a strong, unified Lebanon.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11526143)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wraps up a controversial visit to Lebanon ](/news/2010/10/15/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-wraps-up-a-controversial-visit-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Iran, Lebanon, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, president, visit_
2. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States, president_
3. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States, president_
4. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States_
5. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Iran, United States, president_
6. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Iran, United States, president_
7. [Iran rebuffs a Stuxnet-style computer worm attack on a power plant in southern Iran. Tehran accuses Israel and the United States of planting the malware. ](/news/2012/12/25/iran-rebuffs-a-stuxnet-style-computer-worm-attack-on-a-power-plant-in-southern-iran-tehran-accuses-israel-and-the-united-states-of-planting.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States_
8. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States_
9. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, United States, president_
10. [Fidel Castro is expected to address the Cuban national assembly on Saturday for the first time in four years; his speech is anticipated to talk of a possible nuclear war involving the United States, Israel and Iran. ](/news/2010/08/4/fidel-castro-is-expected-to-address-the-cuban-national-assembly-on-saturday-for-the-first-time-in-four-years-his-speech-is-anticipated-to-t.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United States_
