### [2011-01-16](/news/2011/01/16/index.md)

# France's National Front confirms 42-year-old Marine Le Pen as party leader, succeeding her father Jean-Marie Le Pen. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12201475)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017: With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: France, Marine Le Pen, National Front_
2. [Politics of France: France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. ](/news/2017/06/30/politics-of-france-france-s-national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-is-under-investigation-for-alleged-misuse-of-european-union-funding.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
3. [French presidential election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: France, Marine Le Pen_
4. [French presidential election, 2017: Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
5. [2017 French presidential election: Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-french-presidential-election-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
6. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
7. [France-Lebanon relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen leaves before her scheduled meeting in Beirut with Lebanon's top Sunni Muslim religious leader, Grand Mufti Abdellatif Deryan, following her refusal to accept the offered headscarf to cover her hair. Le Pen's aides had been informed earlier about the traditional, religious need for a headscarf for this meeting. ](/news/2017/02/21/france-lebanon-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-leaves-before-her-scheduled-meeting-in-beirut-with-le.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
8. [French regional elections, 2015: Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. ](/news/2015/12/6/french-regional-elections-2015-voters-in-france-begin-voting-in-the-first-round-of-regional-elections-just-three-weeks-after-the-deadly-is.md) _Context: France, National Front_
9. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, National Front_
10. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-poll.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
