### [2011-01-16](/news/2011/01/16/index.md)

# Three people are killed in a stampede at a three-storey nightclub in the Hungarian capital Budapest. 

Three women are killed in a stampede at a crowded three-storey nightclub in the Hungarian capital, Budapest.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12201916)

### Related:

1. [The Momentum Movement holds a pro-EU, anti-Russia march attended by approximately 10,000 in Budapest, Hungary, chanting -Europe, not Moscow- in support of the EU and against Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2017/05/1/the-momentum-movement-holds-a-pro-eu-anti-russia-march-attended-by-approximately-10-000-in-budapest-hungary-chanting-europe-not-mosco.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
2. [Researchers from Konkoly Observatory in Budapest, Hungary, reveal that (225088) 2007 OR10 is the third largest dwarf planet in the solar system. ](/news/2016/05/12/researchers-from-konkoly-observatory-in-budapest-hungary-reveal-that-225088-2007-or10-is-the-third-largest-dwarf-planet-in-the-solar-sys.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
3. [ Hungarian police use water cannon and tear gas to disperse a crowd of anti-government protestors in Budapest. ](/news/2007/03/15/hungarian-police-use-water-cannon-and-tear-gas-to-disperse-a-crowd-of-anti-government-protestors-in-budapest.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
4. [ 2006 protests in Hungary: demonstrations continue in Hungary peacefully to enforce the resignation of the Gyurcsny-government. The demonstrators expressed their regret on the vandalism done at the Hungarian Television's headquarters last night. In the meantime, farmers announced that they will close roads in the countryside and around Budapest. ](/news/2006/09/19/2006-protests-in-hungary-demonstrations-continue-in-hungary-peacefully-to-enforce-the-resignation-of-the-gyurcsany-government-the-demonst.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
5. [ 2006 protests in Hungary:: Peaceful demonstrations began in Budapest and several cities of the countryside against the government in Hungary. On September 17th, 2006, an audio recording surfaced from a closed floor meeting after the Hungarian Socialist Party won the elections and before they announced several restraints on which Prime Minister Gyurcsny said, that "[...] Evidently, we lied throughout the last year-and-a-half, two years. It was totally clear that what we are saying is not true. [...]" Demonstrators demand a new election. ](/news/2006/09/18/2006-protests-in-hungary-peaceful-demonstrations-began-in-budapest-and-several-cities-of-the-countryside-against-the-government-in-hungar.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
6. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Hungary_
7. [The National Assembly of Hungary passes a bill that undermines the functioning of the Central European University (CEU). Academics and academic institutions worldwide have expressed support for CEU. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-passes-a-bill-that-undermines-the-functioning-of-the-central-european-university-ceu-academics-and-acade.md) _Context: Hungary_
8. [European migrant crisis: The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: Hungary_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Hungary_
10. [European migrant crisis: The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/european-migrant-crisis-the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in.md) _Context: Hungary_
