### [2004-04-19](/news/2004/04/19/index.md)

#  The law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell makes public a 463-page report on accounting and corporate governance issues affecting oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell. The report, prepared at the request of Shell's audit committee, explains how lax standards have allowed the company to vastly overstate the extent of its oil and natural gas reserves. 




### Source:

1. [company website](http://www.shell.com/home/Framework?siteId=investor-en&FC2=/investor-en/html/iwgen/news_and_library/press_releases/2004/)

### Related:

1. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas, oil_
2. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: accounting, natural gas_
3. [ Mexico and Brazil sign an agreement on developing technology for oil and natural gas exploration and exploitation involving co-operation between Pemex and Petrobras. ](/news/2007/08/6/mexico-and-brazil-sign-an-agreement-on-developing-technology-for-oil-and-natural-gas-exploration-and-exploitation-involving-co-operation-be.md) _Context: natural gas, oil_
4. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
6. [The chief executive of Royal Dutch Shell, Ben van Beurden, denies the claim that his company's balance sheet contains any assets that will be "stranded," that is that will have to be written off, due to the Paris Climate Accord. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-chief-executive-of-royal-dutch-shell-ben-van-beurden-denies-the-claim-that-his-company-s-balance-sheet-contains-any-assets-that-will-b.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
7. [Russia and Saudi Arabia agree on a plan to manipulate oil output. ](/news/2016/09/5/russia-and-saudi-arabia-agree-on-a-plan-to-manipulate-oil-output.md) _Context: oil_
8. [Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says the wildfire has destroyed about 1,600 structures in Fort McMurray, which is in Canada's oil sands region. No major oil sands facilities are in the fire's path, though two Royal Dutch Shell mines are closing, and a Suncor Energy facility is reducing crude production. The fire is threatening the Alberta Highway 63 bridge across the Athabasca River, the sole route south. The Canadian Red Cross is encouraging people to donate funds rather than clothing. ](/news/2016/05/4/alberta-premier-rachel-notley-says-the-wildfire-has-destroyed-about-1-600-structures-in-fort-mcmurray-which-is-in-canada-s-oil-sands-region.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
9. [The Niger Delta Avengers militant group destroy gas and oil pipelines belonging to Shell and Agip in Nigeria. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-niger-delta-avengers-militant-group-destroy-gas-and-oil-pipelines-belonging-to-shell-and-agip-in-nigeria.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
10. [Southern California Gas Company caps, at least temporarily, the natural gas leak that started last October and has forced thousands to flee their homes. ](/news/2016/02/11/southern-california-gas-company-caps-at-least-temporarily-the-natural-gas-leak-that-started-last-october-and-has-forced-thousands-to-flee.md) _Context: natural gas_
