### [2008-08-28](/news/2008/08/28/index.md)

#  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7586375.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Illinois, U.S. President_
2. [ Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mccain-becoming-the-first-african-am.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S. President_
3. [ Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the Democratic Party presumptive nomination, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party. ](/news/2008/06/3/illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-democratic-party-presumptive-nomination-becoming-the-first-african-american-to-be-nominated-by-a-ma.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, Democratic, Illinois_
4. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Illinois, Senator_
5. [ Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-primaries-obama-now-leads-sen-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Illinois, Senator_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. ](/news/2007/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-barack-obama-d-il-officially-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-during-a-speech-at.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Illinois, U.S. President_
7. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S. President_
8. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S. President_
9. [The Supreme Court in the U.S. state of Illinois rules that Rahm Emanuel, former Chief of Staff to President of the United States Barack Obama, is eligible to run for Mayor of Chicago. ](/news/2011/01/27/the-supreme-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-illinois-rules-that-rahm-emanuel-former-chief-of-staff-to-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obam.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Illinois, U.S. President_
10. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduce.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S. President_
