### [2008-08-28](/news/2008/08/28/index.md)

#   Tropical Storm Gustav makes landfall on the island of Jamaica. The storm is responsible for at least 51 deaths in Haiti and 8 more in the Dominican Republic. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/tropical-storm-hanna-marks-eighth/story.aspx?guid=%7B8939DC45-ED69-480A-8F6A-252353E10300%7D&dist=msr_1)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/weather/08/28/gustav/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Atlantic hurricane season:  Tropical Storm Fay kills at least 4 people in Haiti and the Dominican Republic before heading for the Florida Keys where tourists are being evacuated. ](/news/2008/08/17/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-p-tropical-storm-fay-kills-at-least-4-people-in-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic-before-heading-for-the-flo.md) _Context: 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominican Republic, Haiti_
2. [ Hurricane Dean (2007):  Hurricane Dean has already claimed three lives in the Lesser Antilles and is due to pass south of Haiti and the Dominican Republic en route to Jamaica where emergency shelters have been opened. ](/news/2007/08/18/hurricane-dean-2007-p-hurricane-dean-has-already-claimed-three-lives-in-the-lesser-antilles-and-is-due-to-pass-south-of-haiti-and-the-do.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with  maximum sustained winds of  115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
4. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Haiti, Jamaica_
5. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: Haiti, Jamaica_
6. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Haiti, Jamaica_
7. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
8. [The Prime Minister of Haiti Evans Paul accuses the Dominican Republic of causing a humanitarian crisis by mass deportation of people mainly from Haiti. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-haiti-evans-paul-accuses-the-dominican-republic-of-causing-a-humanitarian-crisis-by-mass-deportation-of-people-mainly.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
9. [Tropical Storm Isaac hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. A hurricane watch threat level is set for Haiti. ](/news/2012/08/24/tropical-storm-isaac-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic-a-hurricane-watch-threat-level-is-set-for-ha.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
10. [Hurricane Irene reaches Category 2 strength as it hits the island of Hispaniola containing Haiti and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/23/hurricane-irene-reaches-category-2-strength-as-it-hits-the-island-of-hispaniola-containing-haiti-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
