### [2007-10-4](/news/2007/10/4/index.md)

#  Bangladesh Supreme Court denies bail to former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia in a corruption and extortion case against her.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [A Bangladesh Court issues an arrest warrant, the second one so far, for former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia and 27 opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party members over political violence, mostly petrol-bomb attacks, that occurred during anti-government protests last year that killed at least 120 people. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-bangladesh-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-the-second-one-so-far-for-former-prime-minister-khaleda-zia-and-27-opposition-bangladesh-natio.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
2. [A nationwide strike takes place in Bangladesh after former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia was evicted from her home. ](/news/2010/11/14/a-nationwide-strike-takes-place-in-bangladesh-after-former-prime-minister-khaleda-zia-was-evicted-from-her-home.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
3. [Police and protesters clash in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka over the authorities' bid to evict opposition leader Khaleda Zia from her home. ](/news/2010/11/13/police-and-protesters-clash-in-the-bangladeshi-capital-dhaka-over-the-authorities-bid-to-evict-opposition-leader-khaleda-zia-from-her-home.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
4. [ The interim Government of Bangladesh arrests former Prime Minister of Bangladesh Khaleda Zia and her son on corruption charges. ](/news/2007/09/3/the-interim-government-of-bangladesh-arrests-former-prime-minister-of-bangladesh-khaleda-zia-and-her-son-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
5. [ The military-backed interim government of Bangladesh files corruption charges against former Prime Minister of Bangladesh Khaleda Zia and her younger son. ](/news/2007/09/2/the-military-backed-interim-government-of-bangladesh-files-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-of-bangladesh-khaleda-zia-and-h.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
6. [ National Board of Revenue (NBR) of Bangladesh finds former premier Khaleda Zia having bank accounts in several names but with the same address. ](/news/2007/08/31/national-board-of-revenue-nbr-of-bangladesh-finds-former-premier-khaleda-zia-having-bank-accounts-in-several-names-but-with-the-same-addr.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia_
7. [ A Bangladeshi court sentences 15 members of the Opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party to seven years in jail for extortion and three years for manipulating elections. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-bangladeshi-court-sentences-15-members-of-the-opposition-bangladesh-nationalist-party-to-seven-years-in-jail-for-extortion-and-three-year.md) _Context: Bangladesh, extortion_
8. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
9. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Bangladesh_
10. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
