### [2007-10-4](/news/2007/10/4/index.md)

#  Malcolm Turnbull, the Australian Federal Environment Minister, approves the Gunns Tamar Valley Pulp Mill but with an extensive list of conditions. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,22529375-2,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull plans to introduce a plebiscite on the legality of same-sex marriage in the country. ](/news/2016/09/14/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-plans-to-introduce-a-plebiscite-on-the-legality-of-same-sex-marriage-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [ Australian federal election, 2016. Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/australian-federal-election-2016-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both.md) _Context: Australia, Malcolm Turnbull_
4. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Australia-United States relations. Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
7. [Shooting of Justine Damond. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Malcolm Turnbull_
8. [Child marriage in Australia. An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Manus Regional Processing Centre. Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/manus-regional-processing-centre-australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-isl.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
