### [2008-02-3](/news/2008/02/3/index.md)

#  Raila Odinga, the leader of the Orange Democratic Movement calls for the African Union to quell the violence that has followed the Kenyan presidential election, 2007. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=4234495)

### Related:

1. [Kenyan general election, 2017. The Kenyan electoral commission announces that President Uhuru Kenyatta has won re-election. Kenyatta leads ODM candidate Raila Odinga by more than 1.4 million votes. The opposition National Super Alliance rejects this finding as fraudulent. ](/news/2017/08/11/kenyan-general-election-2017-the-kenyan-electoral-commission-announces-that-president-uhuru-kenyatta-has-won-re-election-kenyatta-leads-o.md) _Context: ODM, Raila Odinga_
2. [ Kenyan general election, 2007: Incumbent Mwai Kibaki is declared the winner, beating challenger Raila Odinga by 231,728 votes; Odinga supporters riot in Kibera; EU election observers complain of irregularities; Odinga's Orange Democratic Movement is set for a majority in parliament. ](/news/2007/12/30/kenyan-general-election-2007-incumbent-mwai-kibaki-is-declared-the-winner-beating-challenger-raila-odinga-by-231-728-votes-odinga-suppo.md) _Context: ODM, Raila Odinga_
3. [ Kenyan presidential election, 2007: Vote counting is delayed for a day with the opposition, led by Raila Odinga, holding a 40,000 vote lead with 90% of votes counted. Violence and looting ensue, especially in the capital Nairobi, with "several" fatalities amidst claims of election fraud from both camps. ](/news/2007/12/29/kenyan-presidential-election-2007-vote-counting-is-delayed-for-a-day-with-the-opposition-led-by-raila-odinga-holding-a-40-000-vote-lead.md) _Context: Kenyan presidential election, 2007, Raila Odinga_
4. [Enlargement of the African Union. Morocco rejoins the African Union after a 33-year absence, despite opposition from several member states over the political status of Western Sahara. ](/news/2017/01/31/enlargement-of-the-african-union-morocco-rejoins-the-african-union-after-a-33-year-absence-despite-opposition-from-several-member-states-o.md) _Context: African Union_
5. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: African Union_
6. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present). Al-Shabaab claim responsibility for a double suicide car bombing attack in Mogadishu near an African Union base at the city's airport. At least 13 people are killed, including seven UN guards. ](/news/2016/07/26/war-in-somalia-2009-present-al-shabaab-claim-responsibility-for-a-double-suicide-car-bombing-attack-in-mogadishu-near-an-african-union.md) _Context: African Union_
8. [Morocco formally announces it wishes to rejoin the African Union 32 years after leaving over its recognition of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in Western Sahara. ](/news/2016/07/18/morocco-formally-announces-it-wishes-to-rejoin-the-african-union-32-years-after-leaving-over-its-recognition-of-the-sahrawi-arab-democratic.md) _Context: African Union_
9. [War in Somalia. al Shabaab militants claim to have captured the port of Merca (Marka) after African Union and Somali Armed Forces withdraw. ](/news/2016/02/5/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-of-merca-marka-after-african-union-and-somali-armed-forces-withdraw.md) _Context: African Union_
10. [War in Somalia. al Shabaab militants overrun an African Union base in southern Somalia with unconfirmed reports of dozens of soldiers dead. ](/news/2016/01/15/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-overrun-an-african-union-base-in-southern-somalia-with-unconfirmed-reports-of-dozens-of-soldiers-dead.md) _Context: African Union_
