### [2003-07-23](/news/2003/07/23/index.md)

#  "Die Zeit", a German newspaper, publishes an opinion poll which claims that almost one in three Germans under the age of 30 believe the United States government "could have ordered the September 11 attacks [on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon] itself". 1000 people took part in the survey.




### Related:

1. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: opinion poll_
2. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
3. [2013 protests in Brazil: Brazilian president, Dilma Rousseff, experiences a sharp drop in popularity. Only 30 percent of people asked by the Datafolha's opinion poll considered Rousseff's administration "great" or "good". ](/news/2013/06/29/2013-protests-in-brazil-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-experiences-a-sharp-drop-in-popularity-only-30-percent-of-people-asked-by-the.md) _Context: opinion poll_
4. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [ The Senate of the United States approves legislation overhauling the rules for eavesdropping and offering immunity to telecom companies who may have violated wiretapping and privacy laws after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/07/9/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-legislation-overhauling-the-rules-for-eavesdropping-and-offering-immunity-to-telecom-companies-who.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
6. [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay detention camp under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, and charged with crimes related to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/06/5/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-others-are-arraigned-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-under-the-military-commissions-act-of-2006-and-charg.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
7. [ An Irish opinion poll shows the EU Treaty of Lisbon heading for defeat. ](/news/2008/06/5/an-irish-opinion-poll-shows-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon-heading-for-defeat.md) _Context: opinion poll_
8. [ The United States Department of Defense drops charges against Mohammed al Qahtani, who was suspected of being the "20th hijacker" in the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/05/13/the-united-states-department-of-defense-drops-charges-against-mohammed-al-qahtani-who-was-suspected-of-being-the-20th-hijacker-in-the-se.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
9. [ The United States files charges against six alleged al-Qaeda operatives including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in connection with the September 11, 2001 attacks, seeking the death penalty for war crimes and murder. ](/news/2008/02/11/the-united-states-files-charges-against-six-alleged-al-qaeda-operatives-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-in-connection-with-the-september-1.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
