### [2003-07-23](/news/2003/07/23/index.md)

#  Zahra Kazemi affair: Bill Graham, the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs, announces that Ms. Kazemi's body has been buried in Iran, contrary to her family's wishes. Consequently, Canada has recalled its ambassador to Iran.




### Related:

1. [Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for-syrian-president-bashar-a.md) _Context: Iran, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
2. [Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. ](/news/2011/01/1/canada-s-foreign-minister-lawrence-cannon-urges-iran-to-improve-the-country-s-human-rights-record-and-denounces-iran-for-imposing-draconi.md) _Context: Iran, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
3. [ Representatives of the government of Canada withdraw from a business conference with Iran in protest of the case of deceased journalist Zahra Kazemi. Kazemi died in Iranian police custody and Iranian refugee doctor Shahram Azam says that she had extensive injuries and had been tortured. Iranian officials deny the charges. Canada has unsuccessfully demanded return of Kazemi's body. ](/news/2005/04/7/representatives-of-the-government-of-canada-withdraw-from-a-business-conference-with-iran-in-protest-of-the-case-of-deceased-journalist-zah.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
4. [ An Iranian court clears Mohammad Reza Aghdam-Ahmadi, the intelligence agent accused of killing the Iranian-Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi, of charges of "semi-intentional murder", stating that the blood money should be paid from the state's treasury. ](/news/2004/07/24/an-iranian-court-clears-mohammad-reza-aghdam-ahmadi-the-intelligence-agent-accused-of-killing-the-iranian-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
5. [ The trial for the murder of Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi in Iran ended abruptly on the second day of the proceedings. The lawyers of the Kazemi family insisted that the time has not been enough for proofs to be given, witnesses to be brought to court, and the murderer to be identified.](/news/2004/07/18/the-trial-for-the-murder-of-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi-in-iran-ended-abruptly-on-the-second-day-of-the-proceedings-the-lawyers-of-th.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
6. [ Canada recalls its ambassador to Iran to protest Iran's refusal to allow Canadians to attend the trial of an Iranian intelligence agent charged in the death of Montreal-based photographer and journalist, Zahra Kazemi. ](/news/2004/07/15/canada-recalls-its-ambassador-to-iran-to-protest-iran-s-refusal-to-allow-canadians-to-attend-the-trial-of-an-iranian-intelligence-agent-cha.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
7. [ The Iranian government rejected requests for Canadian government observers to attend the trial of intelligence agents charged with the death of Canadian photographer, Zahra Kazemi](/news/2004/07/14/the-iranian-government-rejected-requests-for-canadian-government-observers-to-attend-the-trial-of-intelligence-agents-charged-with-the-deat.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
8. [Paul Martin, Jr. is appointed Canada's 21st Prime Minister, and takes his oath of office along with his cabinet. Notable Ministers include Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan in Domestic Security, Ralph Goodale in Finance, Pierre Pettigrew in Health and Intergovernmental Affairs, Lucienne Robillard in Industry, Irwin Cotler in Justice, Bill Graham in Foreign Affairs and David Pratt in Defence. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/12/martin_cab031212]](/news/2003/12/12/paul-martin-jr-is-appointed-canada-s-21st-prime-minister-and-takes-his-oath-of-office-along-with-his-cabinet-notable-ministers-include-d.md) _Context: Bill Graham, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
9. [ Two Iranian intelligence officers are charged in connection with the death of Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi.](/news/2003/08/25/two-iranian-intelligence-officers-are-charged-in-connection-with-the-death-of-canadian-photojournalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
10. [ Zahra Kazemi, an Iranian-born Canadian journalist, dies of injuries received from a beating while in Iranian custody. She had been arrested on June 23 while taking photographs outside an Iranian prison. Her death sparks a furor between Canada and Iran over the disposition of her body and the punishment of her killers, and among international free speech groups concerned with freedom of the press in Iran.](/news/2003/07/11/zahra-kazemi-an-iranian-born-canadian-journalist-dies-of-injuries-received-from-a-beating-while-in-iranian-custody-she-had-been-arrested.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
