### [2011-04-8](/news/2011/04/8/index.md)

# The United States Department of Justice defends its probing of WikiLeaks-related Twitter accounts and dismisses as "absurd" any privacy and freedom of speech concerns. 




### Source:

1. [CNET](http://news.cnet.com/8301-31921_3-20052249-281.html)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks revelations:A "spy" computer is found in an office next to Icelandic MP Birgitta Jonsdottir who has been the target in the United States Department of Justice/Twitter case concerning the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2011/01/23/wikileaks-revelations-pa-spy-computer-is-found-in-an-office-next-to-icelandic-mp-birgitta-jonsdottir-who-has-been-the-target-in-the-united.md) _Context: Twitter, United States Department of Justice, WikiLeaks_
2. [A U.S. federal magistrate rules that prosecutors can demand Twitter account information in relation to Wikileaks. ](/news/2011/03/11/a-u-s-federal-magistrate-rules-that-prosecutors-can-demand-twitter-account-information-in-relation-to-wikileaks.md) _Context: Twitter, WikiLeaks_
3. [United States govt. attempts to access private information:It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/united-states-govt-attempts-to-access-private-information-pit-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-inform.md) _Context: Twitter, WikiLeaks_
4. [Advocates of free speech march through the streets of Sydney in support of WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange, who is in England battling attempts by Sweden to have him extradited. Greens MP David Shoebridge addresses the crowd and calls for support from the Australian government. ](/news/2011/01/15/advocates-of-free-speech-march-through-the-streets-of-sydney-in-support-of-wikileaks-spokesperson-julian-assange-who-is-in-england-battling.md) _Context: WikiLeaks, freedom of speech_
5. [Demonstrations in favour of the WikiLeaks website and its spokesperson Julian Assange are held across Australia. The Australian government is accused of opposing freedom of speech. ](/news/2010/12/10/demonstrations-in-favour-of-the-wikileaks-website-and-its-spokesperson-julian-assange-are-held-across-australia-the-australian-government-i.md) _Context: WikiLeaks, freedom of speech_
6. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
7. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice-and-violates-the-right.md) _Context: freedom of speech_
8. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
