### [2000-05-25](/news/2000/05/25/index.md)

# Reginald Chua hijacks Philippine Airlines Flight 812, an Airbus A330-301 with 290 other people on board, just before landing at Ninoy Aquino International Airport near Manila, Philippines. He demands the passengers place their valuables in a bag, and then attempts to jump from the plane via the rear door using a homemade parachute, but panics and instead clings to the door; a male flight attendant then pushes him from the door and he falls from the plane over, Antipolo, Rizal. His body is found three days later near Llabac in Real, Quezon.




### Related:

1. [Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila announces the cancellation of 20 flights due to bad weather in the Philippines caused by Tropical Storm Marce. ](/news/2016/11/25/ninoy-aquino-international-airport-in-manila-announces-the-cancellation-of-20-flights-due-to-bad-weather-in-the-philippines-caused-by-tropic.md) _Context: Manila, Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Philippine_
2. [A gunman opens fire outside a terminal at Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila, Philippines, killing four people, including the mayor of Labangan, Ukol Talumpa. ](/news/2013/12/20/a-gunman-opens-fire-outside-a-terminal-at-ninoy-aquino-international-airport-in-manila-philippines-killing-four-people-including-the-mayo.md) _Context: Manila, Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Philippine_
3. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
4. [More than 10,000 people are left homeless after a fire ravages a densely populated neighborhood of the Philippines capital Manila. ](/news/2017/02/8/more-than-10-000-people-are-left-homeless-after-a-fire-ravages-a-densely-populated-neighborhood-of-the-philippines-capital-manila.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
5. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
6. [About one thousand houses in Manila's Tondo district in the Philippines are set ablaze following New Year's Eve firecracker festivities that left one dead and 380 others injured. ](/news/2016/01/1/about-one-thousand-houses-in-manila-s-tondo-district-in-the-philippines-are-set-ablaze-following-new-year-s-eve-firecracker-festivities-that.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
7. [The Presidential Palace and the Philippine Senate investigate an extortion scam involving the Ninoy Aquino International Airport. ](/news/2015/10/31/the-presidential-palace-and-the-philippine-senate-investigate-an-extortion-scam-involving-the-ninoy-aquino-international-airport.md) _Context: Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Philippine_
8. [Practitioners of the Iglesia ni Cristo (INC) Christian sect in the Philippines rally in the capital Manila against the Department of Justice for its ongoing investigation of INC leaders. ](/news/2015/08/30/practitioners-of-the-iglesia-ni-cristo-inc-christian-sect-in-the-philippines-rally-in-the-capital-manila-against-the-department-of-justice.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
9. [Pope Francis arrives in Manila and meets Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/15/pope-francis-arrives-in-manila-and-meets-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine_
10. [Manila is inundated by massive flooding causing flights to the international airport to be cancelled and businesses to shut down. ](/news/2014/09/19/manila-is-inundated-by-massive-flooding-causing-flights-to-the-international-airport-to-be-cancelled-and-businesses-to-shut-down.md) _Context: Manila, Ninoy Aquino International Airport_
