### [2007-10-19](/news/2007/10/19/index.md)

#  British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says that his predecessor Tony Blair would be a "great candidate" to become the first President of the European Council after EU leaders agree on a new Reform Treaty for the union. 




### Source:

1. [AP via PR Inside](http://www.pr-inside.com/brown-says-blair-would-be-great-r255911.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.md) _Context: President of the European Council, Tony Blair_
2. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Tony Blair_
3. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Tony Blair_
4. [ Gordon Brown becomes the Leader of the Labour Party, replacing Prime Minister Tony Blair. Brown will replace Blair on 27 June. ](/news/2007/06/24/gordon-brown-becomes-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-replacing-prime-minister-tony-blair-brown-will-replace-blair-on-27-june.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Tony Blair_
5. [ Gordon Brown is confirmed as the next leader of the British Labour Party, taking effect on 24 June. Brown will succeed Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when he kisses the hand of Queen Elizabeth II on 27 June. ](/news/2007/05/17/gordon-brown-is-confirmed-as-the-next-leader-of-the-british-labour-party-taking-effect-on-24-june-brown-will-succeed-tony-blair-as-prime.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Tony Blair_
