### [2007-10-19](/news/2007/10/19/index.md)

#  Four United States Air Force officers are relieved of command following an investigation of an incident where live nuclear warheads were carried on a B-52 bomber from Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/US/10/19/loose.nukes/)

### Related:

1. [Northrop Grumman, the developer of the Air Force's current bomber, the B-2, beats out the Boeing-Lockheed Martin team and is awarded the Pentagon contract to build a fleet of stealthy planes known as the Long Range Strike Bomber (LRS-B). ](/news/2015/10/27/northrop-grumman-the-developer-of-the-air-force-s-current-bomber-the-b-2-beats-out-the-boeing-lockheed-martin-team-and-is-awarded-the-pen.md) _Context: Air Force, bomber_
2. [ The ''Military Times'' reports that a United States Air Force B-52 bomber carried six nuclear warheads from Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota, to Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, in violation of rules concerning the handling of nuclear weapons.  In addition, the bombs were not reported as missing from the Minot weapons inventory.  The squadron commander was relieved of his position, but Representative Ike Skelton says that his committee would investigate the incident.  [http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/09/05/loose-nukes-warheads-in-the-sky/?hp (New York Times)], [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20427730/?GT1=10357 (MSNBC)].](/news/2007/09/5/the-military-times-reports-that-a-united-states-air-force-b-52-bomber-carried-six-nuclear-warheads-from-minot-air-force-base-north-dak.md) _Context: Air Force, B-52_
3. [United Launch Alliance says it was not given an opportunity to bid against rival SpaceX for the upcoming launch of the U.S. Air Force miniature X-37B space plane. The  Air Force declined to comment. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-launch-alliance-says-it-was-not-given-an-opportunity-to-bid-against-rival-spacex-for-the-upcoming-launch-of-the-u-s-air-force-miniat.md) _Context: Air Force_
4. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Air Force_
5. [A USAF F-16 crashes shortly after takeoff from Joint Base Andrews in Prince George's County, Maryland. The pilot inside ejected safely and was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-usaf-f-16-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-joint-base-andrews-in-prince-george-s-county-maryland-the-pilot-inside-ejected-safely-and-w.md) _Context: Air Force_
6. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
7. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Air Force_
8. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Louisiana_
10. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-access-pipeline-running-through-north.md) _Context: North Dakota_
