### [2007-10-19](/news/2007/10/19/index.md)

#  Leaders of the European Union reach agreement on the Lisbon Treaty following last-minute concessions to Poland, Italy and Bulgaria. 

European Union (EU) leaders have reached agreement on the last main obstacles to a treaty to reform the bloc&#039;s ailing institutions, making last-minute concessions to Italy and Poland, EU sources have said.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/10/19/2063831.htm)
2. [EuObserver](http://euobserver.com/9/25001)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union, Poland_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Italian, Poland_
3. [ Polish parliament speaker Bronislaw Komorowski said that Poland's new government is set to be the first to ratify the EU's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/11/23/polish-parliament-speaker-bronislaw-komorowski-said-that-poland-s-new-government-is-set-to-be-the-first-to-ratify-the-eu-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: European Union, Poland, Reform Treaty_
4. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern  that  the new "discretionary" powers given to the  country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts  in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-t.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
5. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
6. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, Italian_
7. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
8. [European Union members agree to provide 291 border guards to Greece and Italy to help identify and register migrants. ](/news/2015/10/20/european-union-members-agree-to-provide-291-border-guards-to-greece-and-italy-to-help-identify-and-register-migrants.md) _Context: European Union, Italian_
9. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: European Union, Poland_
10. [Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-abandons-its-plans-for-the-south-stream-pipeline-to-bulgaria-due-to-european-union-objections-instead-looking-at-a-pipeline-to-turkey.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union_
