### [2009-08-30](/news/2009/08/30/index.md)

#  Brazil's former Environment minister Marina Silva joins the Green Party which wants to field her as a black female candidate for the 2010 Brazilian presidential race when President Lula's two terms comes to an end. 

&ldquo;During the US Democrat party primaries, when Hillary Clinton was running against Barack Obama, a friend of mine said the US would have to choose between a woman and a black person, but if I was to be presidential candidate in Brazil, we wouldn&rsquo;t have that problem, because I&rsquo;m a woman and black&rdquo;.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/09/01/a-black-woman-poised-for-presidential-candidate-in-brazil)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Brazil go to the polls for the second round of the Brazilian presidential election between Dilma Rousseff and Jos Serra. Rousseff won 55% of the vote and will become the first female President of Brazil. ](/news/2010/10/31/voters-in-brazil-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-brazilian-presidential-election-between-dilma-rousseff-and-jose-serra-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Brazilian presidential election_
2. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
3. [ Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva heavily criticises the "rich countries", the G8 and other international bodies over the global economic crisis. ](/news/2009/09/13/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-heavily-criticises-the-rich-countries-the-g8-and-other-international-bodies-over-the-globa.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
4. [ President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva says that he will defend Brazil's record on global climate change when he addresses the United Nations General Assembly this week. ](/news/2007/09/24/president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-says-that-he-will-defend-brazil-s-record-on-global-climate-change-when-he-addresses-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
5. [ President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva announces plans to build a nuclear-powered submarine to patrol the waters off Brazil's coast at a cost of US$500 million. ](/news/2007/07/10/president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-announces-plans-to-build-a-nuclear-powered-submarine-to-patrol-the-waters-off-brazil-s-coast-at-a-cost.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
6. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva_
7. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
8. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
9. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
10. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
