### [2015-06-7](/news/2015/06/7/index.md)

# Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. 

Exit poll puts his PRI party ahead with 33% in the lower house elections dominated by violence and fears about corruption and the economy


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/08/mexican-president-enrique-pena-nieto-set-to-keep-majority-after-mid-terms)

### Related:

1. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican, President_
2. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican, President_
3. [Mexican inauguration:Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. ](/news/2012/12/1/mexican-inauguration-penrique-pea-a-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-mexico-as-violent-clashes.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party, President_
4. [American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porpoise.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican_
5. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican_
6. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, President_
7. [A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-institutional-revolutionary-par.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican_
8. [Mexico's electoral tribunal unanimously rejects a challenge to the 2012 presidential election victory won by Enrique Pena Nieto. ](/news/2012/08/30/mexico-s-electoral-tribunal-unanimously-rejects-a-challenge-to-the-2012-presidential-election-victory-won-by-enrique-pea-a-nieto.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican_
9. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party_
10. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican_
