### [2017-01-26](/news/2017/01/26/index.md)

# Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. 

More than 4 million barrels of Venezuelan crude and fuels are sitting in tankers anchored in the Caribbean sea, unable to reach their final destination because state-run PDVSA cannot pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services, according to internal documents and Reuters data.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-pdvsa-tankers-idUSKBN15A0JA)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170126&t=2&i=1170220909&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED0P0AO)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: crude oil, natural gas_
2. [ Speaking in Lima's "El Comercio" in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan Garcia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". ](/news/2009/09/1/speaking-in-lima-s-el-comercio-in-response-to-some-ironic-quotes-by-peruvian-president-alan-garcaa-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-sa.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
3. [ Mexico and Brazil sign an agreement on developing technology for oil and natural gas exploration and exploitation involving co-operation between Pemex and Petrobras. ](/news/2007/08/6/mexico-and-brazil-sign-an-agreement-on-developing-technology-for-oil-and-natural-gas-exploration-and-exploitation-involving-co-operation-be.md) _Context: natural gas, oil_
4. [ Venezuela forms Petrocaribe, an energy cooperation pact with 13 Caribbean states to supply them with cheaper oil. Trinidad and Tobago and Barbados opt out ](/news/2005/06/29/venezuela-forms-petrocaribe-an-energy-cooperation-pact-with-13-caribbean-states-to-supply-them-with-cheaper-oil-trinidad-and-tobago-and-b.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
5. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez says that he suspects that the US intends to kill him, and that he would stop oil exports to the US in the event of an assassination attempt. ](/news/2005/02/21/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-says-that-he-suspects-that-the-us-intends-to-kill-him-and-that-he-would-stop-oil-exports-to-the-us-in-the.md) _Context: Venezuela, oil_
6. [ The law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell makes public a 463-page report on accounting and corporate governance issues affecting oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell. The report, prepared at the request of Shell's audit committee, explains how lax standards have allowed the company to vastly overstate the extent of its oil and natural gas reserves. ](/news/2004/04/19/the-law-firm-davis-polk-wardwell-makes-public-a-463-page-report-on-accounting-and-corporate-governance-issues-affecting-oil-giant-royal-d.md) _Context: natural gas, oil_
7. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Caribbean_
8. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: Caribbean_
9. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
