### [2017-01-26](/news/2017/01/26/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Greece rejects the extradition of eight soldiers accused by Turkey of involvement in the 2016 Turkish ''coup d'etat'' attempt. 

Greece rules against extraditing eight soldiers that Turkey accuses of involvement in a failed coup.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38754821)

### Related:

1. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: Turkey, last year's coup attempt_
2. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkey, last year's coup attempt_
3. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
5. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: Turkey_
6. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [A bus carrying tourists crashes near the resort town of Marmaris in southwest Turkey, killing at least 17 people and leaving 13 others injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-bus-carrying-tourists-crashes-near-the-resort-town-of-marmaris-in-southwest-turkey-killing-at-least-17-people-and-leaving-13-others-injur.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Media freedom in Turkey, Monitoring group Turkey Blocks reports that a provisional administrative order blocks access to all language editions of Wikipedia in Turkey. ](/news/2017/04/29/media-freedom-in-turkey-monitoring-group-turkey-blocks-reports-that-a-provisional-administrative-order-blocks-access-to-all-language-editio.md) _Context: Turkey_
