### [2007-04-13](/news/2007/04/13/index.md)

#  Thousands of people protest in Islamabad in support of the suspended Chief Justice of Pakistan Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/asiapcf/04/13/pakistan.chaudhry/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, Pakistan's chief justice, demonstration_
2. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is placed under house arrest to prevent the Pakistani Muslim League's proposed demonstration in Islamabad on March 16. ](/news/2009/03/15/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-placed-under-house-arrest-to-prevent-the-pakistani-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-i.md) _Context: Islamabad, demonstration_
3. [ Pakistan lawyers begin a "Long March" of protests against the Government of the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf calling for the reinstatement of judges dismissed last year including the former Chief Justice of Pakistan Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry. ](/news/2008/06/9/pakistan-lawyers-begin-a-long-march-of-protests-against-the-government-of-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-calling-for-the-rein.md) _Context: Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, Pakistan's chief justice_
4. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad_
5. [Corruption in Pakistan. Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/corruption-in-pakistan-over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
6. [Panama Papers. Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. ](/news/2016/04/23/panama-papers-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-bows-to-opposition-demands-that-he-ask-pakistan-s-chief-justice-to-set-up-an-independ.md) _Context: Pakistan's chief justice_
7. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad_
8. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
9. [Taliban insurgency. Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad_
10. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad_
