### [2016-09-30](/news/2016/09/30/index.md)

# France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". 

France is carrying out operations against so-called Islamic State in Iraq from the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle, reports say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37515992?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/A5CD/production/_91454424_gettyimages-611054650.jpg)

### Related:

1. [France's Air Force carries out their first cruise-missile strikes targeting Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant installations in Iraq, including "a training center and logistical depot," according to the French defence ministry. ](/news/2015/12/15/france-s-air-force-carries-out-their-first-cruise-missile-strikes-targeting-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-installations-in-iraq-incl.md) _Context: France, Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
2. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: France, Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-service.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
8. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
9. [Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are-killed-in-airstrikes-on-mosul-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
