### [2007-05-17](/news/2007/05/17/index.md)

#  Jaak Aaviksoo, the Estonian Defence Minister, states that the Russian Government may be behind recent hacking on Estonian government and commercial web sites following the moving of the Bronze Soldier. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/sns-ap-estonia-cyber-attacks,1,1652663.story?coll=chi-news-hed)

### Related:

1. [ A man is killed and about 40 people are hurt during a night of unrest in Tallinn, Estonia. Demonstrators protesting against the removal of the Bronze Soldier statue clash with the police. Russia's authorities threaten to break off diplomatic relations with their Baltic neighbour. ](/news/2007/04/26/a-man-is-killed-and-about-40-people-are-hurt-during-a-night-of-unrest-in-tallinn-estonia-demonstrators-protesting-against-the-removal-of.md) _Context: Bronze Soldier, Estonia, Russia_
2. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: Estonia, Russia_
3. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: Russia, hackers_
4. [Russia and Estonia exchange two convicted spies. ](/news/2015/09/26/russia-and-estonia-exchange-two-convicted-spies.md) _Context: Estonia, Russia_
5. [ Former Estonian Police Chief Herman Simm is jailed for 12.5 years for selling classified information on NATO to Russia. ](/news/2009/02/25/former-estonian-police-chief-herman-simm-is-jailed-for-12-5-years-for-selling-classified-information-on-nato-to-russia.md) _Context: Estonia, Russia_
6. [ Herman Simm, a former head of security at the Estonian Defense Ministry, and his wife Heete Simm, who works as a lawyer at Estonia's National Police Board, are arrested on suspicion of spying for Russia. ](/news/2008/09/22/herman-simm-a-former-head-of-security-at-the-estonian-defense-ministry-and-his-wife-heete-simm-who-works-as-a-lawyer-at-estonia-s-nation.md) _Context: Estonia, Russia_
7. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
