### [2011-03-30](/news/2011/03/30/index.md)

# Egypt's transitional government promises to hold the Egyptian presidential election by November. 




### Source:

1. [Al Masry Al Youm](http://www.almasryalyoum.com/en/node/380532)

### Related:

1. [A report states that U.S. and European intelligence agencies believe Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is dying of stomach and pancreatic cancer, and has one year left to live. The report states that Mubarak will likely die before the country's next presidential election. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-report-states-that-u-s-and-european-intelligence-agencies-believe-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-dying-of-stomach-and-pancreatic-can.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September_
2. [Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei  in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. ](/news/2010/03/4/egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-says-he-does-not-mind-the-nomination-of-the-former-director-general-of-international-atomic-energy-agency-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September_
3. [Ex-IAEA head Mohamed ElBaradei is set to return to Egypt hoping to run for the presidency in the 2011 election. ](/news/2010/02/19/ex-iaea-head-mohamed-elbaradei-is-set-to-return-to-egypt-hoping-to-run-for-the-presidency-in-the-2011-election.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September_
4. [ Former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei says that if he decides to run in the presidential election in Egypt in 2011, he will run as an independent candidate instead of running as a  candidate of any of the political parties in Egypt. ](/news/2009/12/11/former-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-that-if-he-decides-to-run-in-the-presidenti.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian presidential election in September_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Egypt_
