### [2011-03-30](/news/2011/03/30/index.md)

# The oldest copy of "Codex Holmiensis", dating from 1280, is returned to Denmark after 300 years in Sweden. [http://www.dr.dk/Nyheder/Kultur/2011/03/30/103038.htm] (Danish)




### Related:

1. [In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border-with-germany-while-swede.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
2. [Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. ](/news/2015/09/10/denmark-reopens-rail-services-to-germany-after-closing-rail-lines-and-a-motorway-in-order-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-on-their-way-to-swede.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
3. [Norwegian Air Shuttle will ground all passengers in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden as the result of an industrial dispute. The action leaves 35,000 people stranded. ](/news/2015/03/3/norwegian-air-shuttle-will-ground-all-passengers-in-norway-denmark-and-sweden-as-the-result-of-an-industrial-dispute-the-action-leaves-35.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
4. [Heavy snow hits Scandinavia disrupting transport in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. ](/news/2012/12/16/heavy-snow-hits-scandinavia-disrupting-transport-in-norway-sweden-and-denmark.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
5. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
6. [ The Swedish national postal service will merge with its Danish counterpart, the new group will be based in Stockholm. ](/news/2008/04/1/the-swedish-national-postal-service-will-merge-with-its-danish-counterpart-the-new-group-will-be-based-in-stockholm.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
7. [ The Danish, and as a consequence of sharing the same building, the Chilean and Swedish embassies in Damascus, are firebombed by protestors denouncing the publication of what they consider sacrilegious cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad. The Norwegian embassy is also burned. ](/news/2006/02/4/the-danish-and-as-a-consequence-of-sharing-the-same-building-the-chilean-and-swedish-embassies-in-damascus-are-firebombed-by-protestors.md) _Context: Denmark, Swedish_
8. [About 600 members of the Swedish neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement march through Gothenburg, and 10,000 people hold a counter-demonstration. More than 50 people are arrested and several people are injured during the protests. ](/news/2017/09/30/about-600-members-of-the-swedish-neo-nazi-group-nordic-resistance-movement-march-through-gothenburg-and-10-000-people-hold-a-counter-demons.md) _Context: Swedish_
9. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: Swedish_
10. [Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danish-royals-have-been-buri.md) _Context: Denmark_
