### [2004-08-12](/news/2004/08/12/index.md)

#  In Najaf, US forces besiege the Imam Ali Mosque, where followers of the radical Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr are barricaded. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3557446.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf, Shia_
2. [ Aides to rebel Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr report that he has been wounded in fighting in the holy city of Najaf; the government denies the reports. The Najaf offensive triggers pro-Sadr protests in cities all over Iraq. ](/news/2004/08/13/aides-to-rebel-iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-report-that-he-has-been-wounded-in-fighting-in-the-holy-city-of-najaf-the-government-deni.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf, Shia_
3. [ Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force-by-insurgents-ht.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Najaf_
4. [ Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr joins Sunnis in calling for a delay in the assembly election, saying that it cannot happen if Sunnis cannot fairly participate. President of Iran Mohammad Khatami says his country opposes a postponement because the elections will facilitate "the exit of occupation forces". ](/news/2005/01/9/shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-joins-sunnis-in-calling-for-a-delay-in-the-assembly-election-saying-that-it-cannot-happen-if-sunnis-cannot-fai.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Shia_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: Bomb blasts in the Iraqi Shia cities of Karbala and Najaf kill up to 60 people and injure a further 120. ](/news/2004/12/19/conflict-in-iraq-bomb-blasts-in-the-iraqi-shia-cities-of-karbala-and-najaf-kill-up-to-60-people-and-injure-a-further-120.md) _Context: Najaf, Shia_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [ Fierce fighting continues between U.S. forces and backers of Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr. Sadr threatens that he "will defend Najaf until my last drop of blood." According to the U.S. military, U.S forces have killed 300 supporters of Sadr in some of the most violent clashes since the fall of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/08/9/fierce-fighting-continues-between-u-s-forces-and-backers-of-shiite-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-sadr-threatens-that-he-will-defend-najaf-until.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
8. [ Radical Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr calls for a truce to be restored after a day of heavy fighting between his militia and U.S. troops in Najaf. ](/news/2004/08/6/radical-iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-sadr-calls-for-a-truce-to-be-restored-after-a-day-of-heavy-fighting-between-his-militia-and-u-s-troops-i.md) _Context: Najaf, Shia_
9. [ Following the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, an agreement is found to end the standoff in Najaf. Although the terms are not clear, the deal requires both the al-Sadr militia and U.S. troops to leave the city, to be replaced by the police interim government. Responsibility for the Imam Ali Mosque goes to Sistani. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3603730.stm (BBC)] This resolution occurs two days before the one-year anniversary of the assassination of Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, a prominent Shi'ite cleric from Najaf.](/news/2004/08/27/following-the-intervention-of-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-an-agreement-is-found-to-end-the-standoff-in-najaf-although-the-terms-are-no.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Najaf_
10. [ U.S. Marines and Shi'ite militiamen fight several fierce battles around the Imam Ali Mosque, a shrine in Najaf, Iraq in some of the heaviest fighting since the 20-day-old rebellion erupted. ](/news/2004/08/23/u-s-marines-and-shi-ite-militiamen-fight-several-fierce-battles-around-the-imam-ali-mosque-a-shrine-in-najaf-iraq-in-some-of-the-heavies.md) _Context: Imam Ali Mosque, Najaf_
