### [2004-08-12](/news/2004/08/12/index.md)

#  Unanimously determining that San Francisco's same-sex marriages are illegal, the California Supreme Court votes 5-2 to annul all 4,000 such marriages performed in San Francisco this year. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3560050.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/LAW/08/12/samesex.marriage.ap/index.html)
3. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/news/archive/2004/08/12/state1258EDT0539.DTL)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court refuses a petition by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asking for an immediate ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws and a cease and desist order against San Francisco's granting of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/02/27/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-california-supreme-court-refuses-a-petition-by-california-attorney-general-bill-lockyer-asking.md) _Context: California Supreme Court, San Francisco, California, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court issues an interim stay ordering San Francisco officials to stop issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. The court said it would hear oral arguments regarding the controversy in May or June. The state says it did not register any of the thousands of recent gay marriages. ](/news/2004/03/11/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-california-supreme-court-issues-an-interim-stay-ordering-san-francisco-officials-to-stop-issuin.md) _Context: California Supreme Court, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: San Francisco Superior court Judge James L. Warner postpones any decision to block the city and county of San Francisco, California, from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to void the 2,464 same-sex marriages that were performed in the city since February 12. This was on the grounds that the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund's order for San Francisco to "cease and desist issuing marriage licenses to and/or solemnizing marriages of same-sex couples; to show cause before this court&nbsp;..." had an improper semicolon; to do both, rather than one or the other, would have exceeded the judge's jurisdiction. ](/news/2004/02/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-san-francisco-superior-court-judge-james-l-warner-postpones-any-decision-to-block-the-city-and-cou.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, same-sex marriage_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, turn away hundreds of would-be same-sex newlyweds after thousands of gay and lesbian couples show up to marry over the weekend. The city claims it can only handle between 400 and 600 marriages a day, or about one a minute. ](/news/2004/02/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-turn-away-hundreds-of-would-be-same.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, same-sex marriage_
5. [The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denies Kim Davis' request to have same-sex marriage licenses delayed, but does not toss out her appeal entirely. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-denies-kim-davis-request-to-have-same-sex-marriage-licenses-delayed-but-does-not-toss-out.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [A woman, Kathryn Steinle, is shot dead in a random attack at the busy Embarcadero district in San Francisco, California. A Mexican national is arrested in connection with her death. ](/news/2015/07/1/a-woman-kathryn-steinle-is-shot-dead-in-a-random-attack-at-the-busy-embarcadero-district-in-san-francisco-california-a-mexican-national.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
7. [The U.S. Southern District of Alabama strikes down the state ban on same-sex marriage in Alabama, saying it has violated equal protection and due process rights. Alabama becomes the thirty-seventh state where such marriage is legalized. ](/news/2015/01/23/the-u-s-southern-district-of-alabama-strikes-down-the-state-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-in-alabama-saying-it-has-violated-equal-protection-an.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
9. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [Hawaii becomes the 15th state in the United States to legalize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/11/12/hawaii-becomes-the-15th-state-in-the-united-states-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
