### [2004-07-18](/news/2004/07/18/index.md)

#  Thousands of Palestinians take to the streets to protest appointments by Yasser Arafat. Palestinian gunmen attack and burn down a security force post in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis manned by forces loyal to Moussa Arafat, the cousin of Yasser Arafat. The security forces flee. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/452782.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GZAMCABFQYZNSCRBAEZSFFA?type=topNews&storyID=5697599)

### Related:

1. [ Moussa Arafat, cousin of Yasser Arafat and a top security official in the Gaza Strip, survives an apparent assassination attempt when a car bomb explodes in his convoy. ](/news/2004/10/12/moussa-arafat-cousin-of-yasser-arafat-and-a-top-security-official-in-the-gaza-strip-survives-an-apparent-assassination-attempt-when-a-car.md) _Context: Gaza, Moussa Arafat, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades seizes the governor's office in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis, demanding that Yasser Arafat's cousin Moussa Arafat be dismissed from his post as Gaza's security chief. In a separate attack, unidentified people storm a police station and burn the structure. ](/news/2004/07/25/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-seizes-the-governor-s-office-in-the-gaza-strip-town-of-khan-yunis-demanding-that-yasser-arafat-s-cousin-mous.md) _Context: Gaza, Moussa Arafat, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Following a gun battle, in which Palestinians hiding in a World Health Organization psychiatric hospital, in Bethlehem, opened fire on Israeli troops outside who came to arrest them, 12 of the Palestinians, mostly known militants from al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades that make up part of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction, are arrested. ](/news/2004/04/1/following-a-gun-battle-in-which-palestinians-hiding-in-a-world-health-organization-psychiatric-hospital-in-bethlehem-opened-fire-on-isra.md) _Context: Palestinians, Yasser Arafat, gun_
4. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
5. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
7. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
8. [Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over-130-rockets-are-fired-toward.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
9. [Israeli troops kill two Palestinians as they attempted to cross a border fence from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/6/israeli-troops-kill-two-palestinians-as-they-attempted-to-cross-a-border-fence-from-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
10. [5 Palestinians are wounded during 4 separate Israeli air raids in the Gaza Strip in response to the fourth rocket attack on southern Israel from Gaza in the last two days. ](/news/2010/09/10/5-palestinians-are-wounded-during-4-separate-israeli-air-raids-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-the-fourth-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
