### [2005-08-2](/news/2005/08/2/index.md)

#  Scientists at Stanford University have used nanotechnology to kill cancer cells without harming healthy tissue. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/4734507.stm)

### Related:

1. [ American Roger Kornberg wins the 2006 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for describing the essential process of gene copying in cells, research that can give insight into illnesses such as cancer and heart disease. ](/news/2006/10/4/american-roger-kornberg-wins-the-2006-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-describing-the-essential-process-of-gene-copying-in-cells-research-that.md) _Context: cancer, cell_
2. [ Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles create a modified form of HIV which targets P-glycoproteins on cancer cells.  ](/news/2005/02/14/researchers-at-the-university-of-california-los-angeles-create-a-modified-form-of-hiv-which-targets-p-glycoproteins-on-cancer-cells.md) _Context: cancer, cell_
3. [Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. ](/news/2016/10/5/frenchman-jean-pierre-sauvage-scotsman-sir-fraser-stoddart-and-dutchman-ben-feringa-win-the-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-research-in.md) _Context: nanotechnology_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: nanotechnology_
5. [ British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. ](/news/2016/04/12/british-cosmologist-stephen-hawking-and-russian-venture-capitalist-and-physicist-yuri-milner-announce-breaktrough-starshot-a-100-milli.md) _Context: nanotechnology_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Research from the ''Science Translational Medicine'' suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer_
