### [2011-04-29](/news/2011/04/29/index.md)

# 2011 Syrian uprising:A "Day of Rage" is set to get underway in Syria as the popular uprising against Bashar al-Assad's regime continues. 

Water and power have been cut in Daraa, epicentre of pro-democracy protests, with at least 42 people killed since Syrian troops stormed in three days ago, says a rights activist. 


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.net/live/middle-east/syria-live-blog-april-29)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/04/201142993412242172.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13234557)
4. [News24](http://www.news24.com/World/News/No-water-power-in-Syrian-protest-town-20110428)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=218484)

### Related:

1. [2011 Syrian uprising: At least 19 people are killed across Syria by security forces as protests continue against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/11/19/2011-syrian-uprising-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-by-security-forces-as-protests-continue-against-the-regime-of-president-bas.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
2. [Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising:Syrian activists call for mass protests in schools against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad as the school year begins. ](/news/2011/09/18/arab-spring-p2011-syrian-uprising-psyrian-activists-call-for-mass-protests-in-schools-against-the-regime-of-president-bashar-al-assad-as-the.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
3. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denied the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
4. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
5. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
6. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
7. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
8. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
9. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
