### [2011-04-29](/news/2011/04/29/index.md)

# The Lisa Aschan-directed Swedish film ''She Monkeys'' wins best narrative feature and the Alma Har'el-directed Israeli film ''Bombay Beach'' wins best documentary prize at New York's Tribeca Film Festival. 

A Swedish film about two teenage girls whose friendship turns to rivalry wins a top award at the Tribeca film festival in New York.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-13237885)

### Related:

1. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York_
2. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York_
3. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
4. [New York authorities charge a man with second-degree murder in the deaths of a New York Muslim imam and his assistant. ](/news/2016/08/15/new-york-authorities-charge-a-man-with-second-degree-murder-in-the-deaths-of-a-new-york-muslim-imam-and-his-assistant.md) _Context: New York_
5. [A crane collapses across the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York. No vehicles are hit, but several contractors suffer minor injuries. ](/news/2016/07/19/a-crane-collapses-across-the-tappan-zee-bridge-in-new-york-no-vehicles-are-hit-but-several-contractors-suffer-minor-injuries.md) _Context: New York_
6. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: New York_
7. [A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the-agreement-will-enter-into-force-once-55-countr.md) _Context: New York_
8. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: New York_
9. [Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Robert De Niro announces the film, ''Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe'', will not be screened at the 2016 Festival as previously announced. "Grace [Hightower] and I have a child with autism and we believe it is critical that all of the issues surrounding the causes of autism be openly discussed and examined," Mr. De Niro said.  "... (our) Tribeca Film Festival team and others from the scientific community ...  do not believe (this film)  contributes to or furthers the discussion (about autism) I hoped for," the actor/producer said. ](/news/2016/03/26/tribeca-film-festival-co-founder-robert-de-niro-announces-the-film-vaxxed-from-cover-up-to-catastrophe-will-not-be-screened-at-the-20.md) _Context: Tribeca Film Festival_
10. [In New York, an appeals court upheld a lower court's decision to dismiss a lawsuit trying to keep Ted Cruz off the ballot in the U.S. Presidential contest on the ground of his Canadian birth. ](/news/2016/03/24/in-new-york-an-appeals-court-upheld-a-lower-court-s-decision-to-dismiss-a-lawsuit-trying-to-keep-ted-cruz-off-the-ballot-in-the-u-s-presid.md) _Context: New York_
