### [2015-05-2](/news/2015/05/2/index.md)

# In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/05/nyregion/brian-moore-new-york-police-officer-shot-in-the-head-has-died.html)

### Related:

1. [A lone gunman shoots a Muslim cleric and an associate to death in the Ozone Park neighborhood of Queens, New York City. Both were still wearing religious garb following afternoon prayers. No arrests have been made. ](/news/2016/08/13/a-lone-gunman-shoots-a-muslim-cleric-and-an-associate-to-death-in-the-ozone-park-neighborhood-of-queens-new-york-city-both-were-still-wear.md) _Context: New York City, Queens_
2. [The New York Police Department (NYPD) states that preliminary tests indicate ricin was present in letters that were sent to the office of New York City Mayor and media mogul Michael Bloomberg, and to the office of the Director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns. ](/news/2013/05/29/the-new-york-police-department-nypd-states-that-preliminary-tests-indicate-ricin-was-present-in-letters-that-were-sent-to-the-office-of-ne.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
3. [Three people are injured after a stabbing on a subway platform in the Parsons/Archer subway station in Queens, New York City, United States. ](/news/2013/02/4/three-people-are-injured-after-a-stabbing-on-a-subway-platform-in-the-parsons-archer-subway-station-in-queens-new-york-city-united-states.md) _Context: New York City, Queens_
4. [ The New York Police Department denies a request by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Ground Zero of the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City. ](/news/2007/09/20/the-new-york-police-department-denies-a-request-by-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-to-visit-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-2001.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
5. [ In the basement of a hotel in the New York City borough of Queens, people hold a memorial service for the late Chinese leader Zhao Ziyang. This memorial follows the one held in the Shangri-la hotel yesterday. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/23/nyregion/23protest.html (NYT)] (registration required)](/news/2005/01/22/in-the-basement-of-a-hotel-in-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-people-hold-a-memorial-service-for-the-late-chinese-leader-zhao-ziyang.md) _Context: New York City, Queens_
6. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Towers in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-towers-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-five-others-at-the-facility-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with "Dear Evan Hansen" winning six awards including Best Musical and "Oslo" winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
