### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

# Amid frustrations with the ongoing economic crisis, Puerto Rican Democrats vote in the Commonwealth's primary with front-runner Hillary Clinton forecast to win following yesterday's sweep in the Virgin Islands' caucus, moving even closer to locking up her party's presidential nomination. There are 60 pledged delegates at stake. 

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Hillary Clinton overwhelmed Bernie Sanders in Puerto Rico&#039;s Democratic presidential primary on Sunday, putting her within striking distance of capturing her party&#039;s nomination. After a blowout…


### Source:

1. [AP via ''U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2016-06-05/puerto-rico-votes-as-clinton-closes-in-on-dem-nomination)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d564d5293994178a96e81994589eedf/puerto-rico-votes-clinton-closes-dem-nomination)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/06/05/politics/puerto-rico-democratic-primary-hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/)
4. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2016/06/05/480848352/clinton-wins-puerto-rico-primary-now-just-shy-of-clinching-nomination)

### Related:

1. [The Democratic Party in the Virgin Islands, which has seven unpledged delegates, holds its caucus with Hillary Clinton. The results, along with those from tomorrow's primary in Puerto Rico, could bring Hillary Clinton close to securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/06/4/the-democratic-party-in-the-virgin-islands-which-has-seven-unpledged-delegates-holds-its-caucus-with-hillary-clinton-the-results-along-w.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Virgin Islands'_
2. [Former businessman Martin Shkreli has his bail revoked for threatening former politician Hillary Clinton, after Shkreli posted on Twitter that he would offer $5,000 to anyone who could directly obtain a lock of Clinton's hair. Shkreli was convicted of fraud in August and is awaiting sentencing. ](/news/2017/09/13/former-businessman-martin-shkreli-has-his-bail-revoked-for-threatening-former-politician-hillary-clinton-after-shkreli-posted-on-twitter-th.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
3. [Hillary Clinton releases the book "What Happened", a memoir about her most recent presidential campaign. Clinton has implied that she may not run again in 2020. ](/news/2017/09/12/hillary-clinton-releases-the-book-what-happened-a-memoir-about-her-most-recent-presidential-campaign-clinton-has-implied-that-she-may-no.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
4. [Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-opposition-research-against-hillary-clinton-through-a-june.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
5. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
6. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
7. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
9. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [ Fox News apologizes to Hillary Clinton for reporting falsely of 'likely' Clinton indictment. ](/news/2016/11/4/fox-news-apologizes-to-hillary-clinton-for-reporting-falsely-of-likely-clinton-indictment.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
