### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

# Amid frustrations with the ongoing economic crisis, Puerto Rican Democrats  vote in the Commonwealth's primary  with front-runner Hillary Clinton forecast to win following yesterday's sweep in the  Virgin Islands' caucus, moving even closer to locking up her party's presidential nomination. There are 60 pledged delegates at stake. 

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Hillary Clinton overwhelmed Bernie Sanders in Puerto Rico&#039;s Democratic presidential primary on Sunday, putting her within striking distance of capturing her party&#039;s nomination. After a blowout…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d564d5293994178a96e81994589eedf/puerto-rico-votes-clinton-closes-dem-nomination)
2. [AP via ''U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2016-06-05/puerto-rico-votes-as-clinton-closes-in-on-dem-nomination)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/06/05/politics/puerto-rico-democratic-primary-hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/)
4. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2016/06/05/480848352/clinton-wins-puerto-rico-primary-now-just-shy-of-clinching-nomination)

### Related:

1. [The Democratic Party in the Virgin Islands, which has seven unpledged delegates, holds its caucus with Hillary Clinton. The results, along with those from tomorrow's primary in Puerto Rico, could  bring Hillary Clinton close to securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/06/4/the-democratic-party-in-the-virgin-islands-which-has-seven-unpledged-delegates-holds-its-caucus-with-hillary-clinton-the-results-along-w.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Virgin Islands'_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
3. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-pvoters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
6. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
7. [ Fox News apologizes to Hillary Clinton for reporting falsely of 'likely' Clinton indictment. ](/news/2016/11/4/fox-news-apologizes-to-hillary-clinton-for-reporting-falsely-of-likely-clinton-indictment.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
9. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clinton-for-possible-crimes-relat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
