### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

# Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire  in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area  are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. 

Calabasas is a city of about 24,000 northwest of downtown Los Angeles. The city is home to several affluent communities and numerous celebrities.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/06/05/us/calabasas-fire/)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/500-acre-calabasas-fire-forces-thousands-californians-homes-n586066)

### Related:

1. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires  At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-pat-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-do.md) _Context: wildfire_
2. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: wildfire_
3. [ A state of emergency is declared in Los Angeles County, California, due to the threat posed by the Sand Fire. ](/news/2016/07/26/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-los-angeles-county-california-due-to-the-threat-posed-by-the-sand-fire.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
4. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: wildfire_
5. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: wildfire_
6. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: wildfire_
7. [A bushfire in Victoria state  has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek.  The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River.  A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley.  No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-homes-in-wye-river-and-18-at-separatio.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [At least 70 homes have been destroyed by a raging wildfire in Bastrop County, central Texas. The Texas A&M Forest Service reports the blaze in Bastrop County is currently 80 percent contained. ](/news/2015/10/20/at-least-70-homes-have-been-destroyed-by-a-raging-wildfire-in-bastrop-county-central-texas-the-texas-a-m-forest-service-reports-the-blaze.md) _Context: wildfire_
9. [Many residents of Los Angeles and Kern counties in southern drought-stricken California are trapped by flash floods after receiving four to six inches of rain in a short period of time. ](/news/2015/10/16/many-residents-of-los-angeles-and-kern-counties-in-southern-drought-stricken-california-are-trapped-by-flash-floods-after-receiving-four-to.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
10. [Tens of thousands of people are being evacuated from western Canada as firefighters continue to battle wildfires in Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-are-being-evacuated-from-western-canada-as-firefighters-continue-to-battle-wildfires-in-saskatchewan-alberta-an.md) _Context: wildfire_
