### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

#   New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. 

Northern NSW faces flooding threat, while Victoria and Tasmania prepare for the heavy rain and high winds affecting Sydney and Newcastle. All the developments, live


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/live/2016/jun/05/sydney-weather-flood-warnings-as-torrential-rain-expected-to-last-for-hours)

### Related:

1. [The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four  deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disruption-of-transport-to-the-st.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Newcastle, Sydney_
2. [The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deaths-have-so-far-been-confirm.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
3. [Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian-capital-territory-two-peop.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
4. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
5. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: New South Wales, Sydney_
6. [Three people have died in floods in the Australian town of Dungog, New South Wales as heavy rains and cyclonic winds hits the state of New South Wales causing widespread flooding, loss of power to over 100,000 homes and disruption of transport services. ](/news/2015/04/21/three-people-have-died-in-floods-in-the-australian-town-of-dungog-new-south-wales-as-heavy-rains-and-cyclonic-winds-hits-the-state-of-new-s.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
7. [Two people are missing in the Hunter Region of New South Wales as an Australian east coast low causes widespread flooding, gale force winds and the loss of power to 140,000 properties. ](/news/2015/04/20/two-people-are-missing-in-the-hunter-region-of-new-south-wales-as-an-australian-east-coast-low-causes-widespread-flooding-gale-force-winds.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
8. [The Australian Federal Police arrest 24-year-old Matthew Flannery of Sydney, the self-proclaimed leader of the LulzSec hacking group in the New South Wales city of Gosford. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-australian-federal-police-arrest-24-year-old-matthew-flannery-of-sydney-the-self-proclaimed-leader-of-the-lulzsec-hacking-group-in-the.md) _Context: New South Wales, Sydney_
9. [Filmmakers Mike deGruy of Santa Barbara, California and Andrew Wight of Victoria die in a helicopter crash in the Australian town of Berry, New South Wales. ](/news/2012/02/4/filmmakers-mike-degruy-of-santa-barbara-california-and-andrew-wight-of-victoria-die-in-a-helicopter-crash-in-the-australian-town-of-berry.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
10. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
