### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Colin. Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-colin-idUSKCN0YR0WV?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill. London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: Florida, Gulf Coast of the United States, Gulf of Mexico_
2. [ Two United States Air Force F-15 Eagle fighter planes crash in mid-air over the Gulf of Mexico near Florida. ](/news/2008/02/20/two-united-states-air-force-f-15-eagle-fighter-planes-crash-in-mid-air-over-the-gulf-of-mexico-near-florida.md) _Context: Florida, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating in anticipation of Hurricane Harvey's landfall. perhaps by late Friday, as a Category 3 storm, the biggest hurricane to hit mainland United States since 2005. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15-25 inches (38-64 centimeters), and as much 35 inches (89 cm) of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-evacuat.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
5. [2017 Orlando shooting. A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-orlando-shooting-a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [SpaceX CRS-10. SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-crs-10-spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-wil.md) _Context: Florida_
