### [2016-06-5](/news/2016/06/5/index.md)

# Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of voting in a presidential election where Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski are the remaining candidates. 

Sunday&#039;s runoff for leadership of the South American nation will pit Pedro Pablo Kuczynski against Keiko Fujimori.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/peru-election-2016-runoff-presidential-candidates-fujimori-kuczynski-key-issues-how-2378072)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-peru-election-idUSKCN0YR05J)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/2016/06/04/image-533615934.jpg)

### Related:

1. [With more than 92% of the vote counted, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski is ahead of Keiko Fujimori by just over 103,000 votes, 50.3 percent to 49.6 percent, in the electorate of 23 million citizens. Ballots of Peruvians living abroad will begin to arrive tonight. Mariano Cucho, the head of the electoral office, says the count may not be finalized until Thursday or Friday. ](/news/2016/06/6/with-more-than-92-of-the-vote-counted-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-is-ahead-of-keiko-fujimori-by-just-over-103-000-votes-50-3-percent-to-49-6-pe.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru, Peruvian general election, 2016_
2. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for a general election with Keiko Fujimori and Pedro Kuczynski going through to the second round. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-keiko-fujimori-and-pedro-kuczynski-going-through-to-the-second-round.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru, Peruvian general election, 2016_
3. [Election officials announce all ballots have been processed and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski wins the closest presidential contest in five decades with 50.1 percent of the votes versus 49.9% for Keiko Fujimori. Fujimori has yet to concede defeat. As many as 50,000 ballots still need to be reviewed, but experts say Fujimori can not make up the difference of roughly 40,000 votes separating her from Kuczynski. ](/news/2016/06/9/election-officials-announce-all-ballots-have-been-processed-and-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-wins-the-closest-presidential-contest-in-five-decades.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peruvian general election, 2016_
4. [Peruvians vote in presidential elections with the most likely result a runoff between Ollanta Humala and either Pedro Pablo Kuczynski or Keiko Fujimori. ](/news/2011/04/10/peruvians-vote-in-presidential-elections-with-the-most-likely-result-a-runoff-between-ollanta-humala-and-either-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-or-kei.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Peru_
5. [Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peruvian general election, 2016_
6. [Peru's electoral court bans two leading candidates - Julio Guzman and Cesar Acuna Peralta - from participating in next month's election due to breaches of electoral law. ](/news/2016/03/9/peru-s-electoral-court-bans-two-leading-candidates-julio-guzman-and-ca-c-sar-acua-a-peralta-from-participating-in-next-month-s-election-du.md) _Context: Peru, Peruvian general election, 2016_
7. [Voters in Peru go to the polls for the second round of the Peruvian general election with Ollanta Humala claiming victory over Keiko Fujimori. ](/news/2011/06/5/voters-in-peru-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-peruvian-general-election-with-ollanta-humala-claiming-victory-over-keiko-fujimor.md) _Context: Keiko Fujimori, Peru_
8. [Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-in-response-to-the-venezuela.md) _Context: Pedro Pablo Kuczynski_
9. [The face of the Peruvian Moche mummy the Lady of Cao is reconstructed from its skull structure, using forensic archaeology techniques and ethnographic research. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-face-of-the-peruvian-moche-mummy-the-lady-of-cao-is-reconstructed-from-its-skull-structure-using-forensic-archaeology-techniques-and-et.md) _Context: Peru_
10. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru_
