### [2007-05-29](/news/2007/05/29/index.md)

#  Bashar al-Assad is re-elected as President of Syria in an election in which he was the only candidate. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6700021.stm)

### Related:

1. [People on banknotes: The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/people-on-banknotes-the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/syrian-civil-war-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bash.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
4. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-g.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Syria peace talks in Vienna: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/syrian-civil-war-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounc.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
8. [An arrest warrant is issued for the cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Suleiman Hilal Al-Assad, who is accused of shooting and killing Colonel Hassan Al-Sheikh of the Syrian Armed Forces at what can be described as a traffic dispute. ](/news/2015/08/9/an-arrest-warrant-is-issued-for-the-cousin-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-suleiman-hilal-al-assad-who-is-accused-of-shooting-and-kill.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
9. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
10. [Syrian presidential election, 2014:: Voters in Syria go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Bashar al-Assad all but certain to win amidst an opposition boycott. On Wednesday, the Syrian government claimed that he had won with 88.7% of the vote. ](/news/2014/06/3/syrian-presidential-election-2014-voters-in-syria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-bashar-al-assad-al.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
