### [2007-05-29](/news/2007/05/29/index.md)

#  Heavy fighting resumes between the Lebanese army and al Qaeda linked militants at the Nahr el-Bared refugee camp. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/05/30/lebanon.army.ap/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Lebanon declares victory over Fatah al-Islam, an Al Qaeda-linked group, after a month-long battle at a Palestinian refugee camp. ](/news/2007/06/21/lebanon-declares-victory-over-fatah-al-islam-an-al-qaeda-linked-group-after-a-month-long-battle-at-a-palestinian-refugee-camp.md) _Context: Lebanon, al-Qaeda, refugee_
2. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:: Sources confirm that Lebanon has captured Majid bin Mohammad al-Majid, leader of the al-Qaeda-linked group Abdullah Azzam Brigades responsible for the recent bombing of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2014/01/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-sources-confirm-that-lebanon-has-captured-majid-bin-mohammad-al-majid-leader-of-the-al-qaeda-linked.md) _Context: Lebanon, al-Qaeda_
3. [ 2007 North Lebanon conflict: Fighting resumes at the Nahr el-Bared camp between the Lebanese Army and Fatah al-Islam. ](/news/2007/06/1/2007-north-lebanon-conflict-fighting-resumes-at-the-nahr-el-bared-camp-between-the-lebanese-army-and-fatah-al-islam.md) _Context: Lebanon, Nahr el-Bared_
4. [ Lebanon's Defence Minister Elias Murr issues an ultimatum to Fatah al-Islam militants in the Nahr el-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon. ](/news/2007/05/23/lebanon-s-defence-minister-elias-murr-issues-an-ultimatum-to-fatah-al-islam-militants-in-the-nahr-el-bared-refugee-camp-in-tripoli-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, Nahr el-Bared_
5. [ Battle of Nahr al-Bared: Fighting breaks out between Fatah al-Islam militants and Lebanese soldiers at the Nahr al-Bared refugee camp in Tripoli, Lebanon. ](/news/2007/05/20/battle-of-nahr-al-bared-fighting-breaks-out-between-fatah-al-islam-militants-and-lebanese-soldiers-at-the-nahr-al-bared-refugee-camp-in-tr.md) _Context: Lebanon, refugee_
6. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-h.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestini.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast.md) _Context: refugee_
10. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Lebanon_
