### [2007-11-4](/news/2007/11/4/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former cricketer and chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, Imran Khan escapes from house arrest.date=December 2007 Lawyers prepare for a countrywide strike tomorrow.date=December 2007




### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Opposition politician and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf leader Imran Khan is released from prison in Punjab. ](/news/2007/11/21/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-opposition-politician-and-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-leader-imran-khan-is-released-from-prison-in-punjab.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
2. [Zahra Shahid Hussain, a senior vice-president of Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Party is shot dead by a gunman outside her home in Karachi. ](/news/2013/05/18/zahra-shahid-hussain-a-senior-vice-president-of-imran-khan-s-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-party-is-shot-dead-by-a-gunman-outside-her-home-in-ka.md) _Context: Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007 Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007  President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-date-december-2007p.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, lawyers_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returns to Karachi after release from house arrest in Lahore.date=December 2007 TV networks Geo TV and ARY Digital are shut down by the Pakistan government. ](/news/2007/11/17/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-returns-to-karachi-after-release-from-house-arrest-in.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, house arrest_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan is arrested at the University of the Punjab in Lahore. ](/news/2007/11/14/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-opposition-leader-imran-khan-is-arrested-at-the-university-of-the-punjab-in-lahore.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Imran Khan_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Backed by hundreds of police officers, the Pakistani government again placed former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto under house arrest to prevent a protest against President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/13/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-backed-by-hundreds-of-police-officers-the-pakistani-government-again-placed-former-prime-minister-benaz.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, house arrest_
7. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the  Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-ter.md) _Context: house arrest_
8. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
9. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: strike_
10. [Staff workers for the London Underground begin a 27-hour strike after management and labor unions were unable to reach a deal regarding overnight train services.  ](/news/2015/07/8/staff-workers-for-the-london-underground-begin-a-27-hour-strike-after-management-and-labor-unions-were-unable-to-reach-a-deal-regarding-over.md) _Context: strike_
