### [2007-11-4](/news/2007/11/4/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Former cricketer and chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, Imran Khan escapes from house arrest.date=December 2007. Lawyers prepare for a countrywide strike tomorrow.date=December 2007




### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Opposition politician and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf leader Imran Khan is released from prison in Punjab. ](/news/2007/11/21/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-opposition-politician-and-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-leader-imran-khan-is-released-from-prison-in-punjab.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
2. [Zahra Shahid Hussain, a senior vice-president of Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Party is shot dead by a gunman outside her home in Karachi. ](/news/2013/05/18/zahra-shahid-hussain-a-senior-vice-president-of-imran-khan-s-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-party-is-shot-dead-by-a-gunman-outside-her-home-in-ka.md) _Context: Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007. Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007. President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-date-december-2007.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, lawyers_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returns to Karachi after release from house arrest in Lahore.date=December 2007. TV networks Geo TV and ARY Digital are shut down by the Pakistan government. ](/news/2007/11/17/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-returns-to-karachi-after-release-from-house-arrest-in.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, house arrest_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan is arrested at the University of the Punjab in Lahore. ](/news/2007/11/14/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-opposition-leader-imran-khan-is-arrested-at-the-university-of-the-punjab-in-lahore.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Imran Khan_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Backed by hundreds of police officers, the Pakistani government again placed former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto under house arrest to prevent a protest against President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/13/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-backed-by-hundreds-of-police-officers-the-pakistani-government-again-placed-former-prime-minister-benaz.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, house arrest_
7. [Hundreds of prisoners escape from an overcrowded jail in Pekanbaru, Indonesia. ](/news/2017/05/5/hundreds-of-prisoners-escape-from-an-overcrowded-jail-in-pekanbaru-indonesia.md) _Context: prison escape_
8. [Papua New Guinean media reports confirm that 17 people were fatally shot by prison officers during a prison escape in Lae on May 12. ](/news/2017/05/15/papua-new-guinean-media-reports-confirm-that-17-people-were-fatally-shot-by-prison-officers-during-a-prison-escape-in-lae-on-may-12.md) _Context: prison escape_
9. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: house arrest_
10. [Corruption in Pakistan. Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/corruption-in-pakistan-over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
