### [2007-11-4](/news/2007/11/4/index.md)

#  Former cricketer and chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, Imran Khan escapes from house arrest.date=December 2007 Lawyers prepare for a countrywide strike tomorrow.date=December 2007




### Related:

1. [Zahra Shahid Hussain, a senior vice-president of Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Party is shot dead by a gunman outside her home in Karachi. ](/news/2013/05/18/zahra-shahid-hussain-a-senior-vice-president-of-imran-khan-s-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-party-is-shot-dead-by-a-gunman-outside-her-home-in-ka.md) _Context: Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
2. [ Opposition politician and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf leader Imran Khan is released from prison in Punjab. ](/news/2007/11/21/opposition-politician-and-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-leader-imran-khan-is-released-from-prison-in-punjab.md) _Context: Imran Khan, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
3. [Hundreds of prisoners escape from an overcrowded jail in Pekanbaru, Indonesia. ](/news/2017/05/5/hundreds-of-prisoners-escape-from-an-overcrowded-jail-in-pekanbaru-indonesia.md) _Context: prison escape_
4. [Papua New Guinean media reports confirm that 17 people were fatally shot by prison officers during a prison escape in Lae on May 12. ](/news/2017/05/15/papua-new-guinean-media-reports-confirm-that-17-people-were-fatally-shot-by-prison-officers-during-a-prison-escape-in-lae-on-may-12.md) _Context: prison escape_
5. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-terr.md) _Context: house arrest_
6. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
7. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: strike_
8. [Staff workers for the London Underground begin a 27-hour strike after management and labor unions were unable to reach a deal regarding overnight train services. ](/news/2015/07/8/staff-workers-for-the-london-underground-begin-a-27-hour-strike-after-management-and-labor-unions-were-unable-to-reach-a-deal-regarding-over.md) _Context: strike_
9. [At least seven people die and approximately 40 are injured at a stampede at a political rally by Pakistan opposition leader Imran Khan in the city of Multan. ](/news/2014/10/11/at-least-seven-people-die-and-approximately-40-are-injured-at-a-stampede-at-a-political-rally-by-pakistan-opposition-leader-imran-khan-in-th.md) _Context: Imran Khan_
10. [The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/the-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-national-assembly-in-order.md) _Context: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf_
