### [2016-10-9](/news/2016/10/9/index.md)

# An Afghan Armed Forces Mi-17 helicopter crashes in northern Afghanistan with all seven people onboard, four crewmen and three passengers, dying. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/world/1106281/seven-dead-as-afghan-army-helicopter-crashes-officials)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
2. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction releases a report on Afghanistan, saying that the Afghan Armed Forces are not capable of securing the country and have lost more territory to the Taliban, the most since the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-special-inspector-general-for-afghanistan-reconstruction-releases-a-report-on-afghanistan-saying-that-the-afghan-armed-forces-are-not-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
3. [2016 Warsaw summit: NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-cont.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): NATO foreign ministers, meeting at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, agree to extend the alliance's Resolute Support Mission, that trains, advises and assists Afghanistan's military beyond 2016. ](/news/2016/05/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-nato-foreign-ministers-meeting-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-belgium-agree-to-extend-the-alliance.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban kill 22 policemen and kidnap 19 others, including the district-s security chief, during clashes with Afghan troops who kill 12 of the insurgents in the battle in Faryab Province in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-kill-22-policemen-and-kidnap-19-others-including-the-district-s-security-chief-during-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
7. [Five American soldiers, an Afghan soldier, and an interpreter in the Zabul province of Afghanistan are killed when a NATO air strike accidentally targeted them. ](/news/2014/06/10/five-american-soldiers-an-afghan-soldier-and-an-interpreter-in-the-zabul-province-of-afghanistan-are-killed-when-a-nato-air-strike-acciden.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, military personnel_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
10. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: military personnel_
