### [2016-10-9](/news/2016/10/9/index.md)

# Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. 

A U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer was targeted on Sunday in a failed missile attack from territory in Yemen controlled by Iran-aligned Houthi rebels, a U.S. military spokesman told Reuters, saying neither of the two missiles hit the ship.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-usa-ship-idUSKCN12A082)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-h.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, USS ''Mason'', United States Navy, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
2. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sit.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, United States Navy, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
3. [Yemeni Crisis. The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/yemeni-crisis-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-f.md) _Context: Houthi, USS ''Mason'', Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War. Houthi forces launch rockets that hit and reportedly destroy HSV-2 "Swift", a military vessel belonging to the United Arab Emirates Navy, off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Red Sea port of Mokha. ](/news/2016/10/1/yemeni-civil-war-houthi-forces-launch-rockets-that-hit-and-reportedly-destroy-hsv-2-swift-a-military-vessel-belonging-to-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Crisis. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: Houthi, Iran, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalitio.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted.md) _Context: Houthi, Iran, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The Yemeni government in exile announces that it has reached a truce with the Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/07/8/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-yemeni-government-in-exile-announces-that-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-houthi-rebels.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
9. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present). The Houthis come to a preliminary agreement to form a new government in Yemen. ](/news/2015/02/20/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-houthis-come-to-a-preliminary-agreement-to-form-a-new-government-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
10. [Migrant crisis. At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Red Sea, Yemen_
