### [2017-06-22](/news/2017/06/22/index.md)

# In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. 

Mauritius supported by 94 nations in move to consult The Hague over colonial hold of Indian Ocean territory by British


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/22/un-vote-backing-chagos-islands-a-blow-for-uk)

### Related:

1. [ President of Mauritius Anerood Jugnauth threatens to leave the Commonwealth of Nations over the British government's treatment of the lois of the Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2007/03/7/president-of-mauritius-anerood-jugnauth-threatens-to-leave-the-commonwealth-of-nations-over-the-british-government-s-treatment-of-the-ilois.md) _Context: Chagos Archipelago, Mauritius_
2. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
3. [Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines-flight-370.md) _Context: Mauritius_
4. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres  its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
5. [In his final speech as President of the United States to the United Nations General Assembly, Barack Obama calls for a renewed commitment to collaborative efforts in facing many of the challenges confronting "an integrated world" community. ](/news/2016/09/20/in-his-final-speech-as-president-of-the-united-states-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-barack-obama-calls-for-a-renewed-commitment-to.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
6. [The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370  that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island-off-the-coast-of-mauritius-are.md) _Context: Mauritius_
7. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
9. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Mauritius_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
