### [2017-06-22](/news/2017/06/22/index.md)

# UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. 

They will be treated as UK citizens for healthcare, education benefits and pensions, says the UK PM.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40375761)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May, UK, the UK leaves the EU_
2. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May, the UK leaves the EU_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union, UK, the UK leaves the EU_
4. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union, UK, the UK leaves the EU_
5. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May, the UK leaves the EU_
6. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May, UK_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Theresa May, UK_
8. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May_
9. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Theresa May, UK_
10. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, UK_
