### [2005-12-16](/news/2005/12/16/index.md)

#  Denis Donaldson is expelled from Sinn Fin for being a British spy. He later confirms this in a statement. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4536826.stm)

### Related:

1. [ In the Republic of Ireland, Denis Donaldson a former senior Sinn Fin member, is found shot dead near the village of Glenties, County Donegal, close to where it is believed he had been living since he admitted, in December 2005, to being a paid British agent for over twenty years. ](/news/2006/04/4/in-the-republic-of-ireland-denis-donaldson-a-former-senior-sinn-fein-member-is-found-shot-dead-near-the-village-of-glenties-county-doneg.md) _Context: Denis Donaldson, Sinn Féin_
2. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Sinn Féin_
3. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: espionage_
4. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: espionage_
5. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: espionage_
6. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: espionage_
7. [Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict  -- ''Washington Post's'' Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed.  Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. ](/news/2015/10/12/iranian-state-television-reports-that-court-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje-i-clarified-the-iranian-american-reporter-s-verdict-w.md) _Context: espionage_
8. [A court in Russia sentences Estonian security official Eston Kohver to 15 years in prison for espionage. ](/news/2015/08/19/a-court-in-russia-sentences-estonian-security-official-eston-kohver-to-15-years-in-prison-for-espionage.md) _Context: espionage_
9. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Sinn Féin_
10. [A 31-year-old male employee of Germany's intelligence service BND is arrested on suspicions of spying for the United States. The employee is suspected of spying on a German parliamentary committee investigating U.S. espionage. ](/news/2014/07/3/a-31-year-old-male-employee-of-germany-s-intelligence-service-bnd-is-arrested-on-suspicions-of-spying-for-the-united-states-the-employee-is.md) _Context: espionage_
