### [2005-12-16](/news/2005/12/16/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An Israeli settler dies following a drive-by shooting claimed by the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades and Islamic Jihad. 

West Bank shooting: One man dead, two women suffer from shock after gunmen traveling in vehicle open fire at Israeli car south of Hebron Friday; Fatah, Islamic Jihad claim responsibility


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2005/1216/mideast.html)
2. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3185360,00.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel launches a series of air strikes as reprisals after the Palestinians fired Qassam rockets, hitting what local officials called an Islamic Jihad charity in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-series-of-air-strikes-as-reprisals-after-the-palestinians-fired-qassam-rockets-hitting-wha.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades agrees to a ceasefire if Israel will promise to fully halt military operations inside the West Bank and Gaza Strip, including arrest raids and assassinations and releases Palestinian prisoners from its jails. The militant group rejects Israel's offer to ease operations. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4198271.stm (BBC)] [http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-01-22T174931Z_01_N22668666_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/530080.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/01/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-agrees-to-a-ceasefire-if-israel-will-promise-to-fully-halt-military-operations.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [ Two Hamas militants, two Islamic Jihad members, and an Israeli soldier have died following clashes in the central Gaza Strip. ](/news/2004/12/7/two-hamas-militants-two-islamic-jihad-members-and-an-israeli-soldier-have-died-following-clashes-in-the-central-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ At least five Israeli soldiers are killed and 10 are injured as a tunnel rigged with 1500&nbsp;kg of explosives exploded near the Rafah crossing between Rafah and Egypt. Hamas and an al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades' offshoot called "Fatah Hawk" claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2004/12/12/at-least-five-israeli-soldiers-are-killed-and-10-are-injured-as-a-tunnel-rigged-with-1500-nbsp-kg-of-explosives-exploded-near-the-rafah-cro.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Six Israeli soldiers are killed in the Gaza Strip during an incursion when their armored personnel carrier triggered an explosive device. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim to hold a portion of the remains of the soldiers: "We possess the remains of your bodies that were thrown into the streets of Gaza. We have our demands to hand them over to the Zionist occupier" ](/news/2004/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-six-israeli-soldiers-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-during-an-incursion-when-their-armored-personnel-carrier-tr.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Palestinians are killed and wounded in attack on the main crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility. ](/news/2004/03/6/palestinians-are-killed-and-wounded-in-attack-on-the-main-crossing-point-between-the-gaza-strip-and-israel-hamas-islamic-jihad-and-the-a.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, breaks negotiations with the Islamic militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in response to the bombing in Jerusalem. Israel notifies the public that it will retaliate with military strikes for bus bombing. There are conflicting reports that Israel will hold off on the attacks to see if the Palestinian administration takes action against terrorist groups.](/news/2003/08/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-breaks-negotiations-with-the-islamic-militant-groups-hamas-and-isl.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Israelis killed and about a dozen wounded in two separate suicide bombings by Palestinian terrorists in the towns of Rosh-Ha'ayin and Ariel. Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attacks. The IDF retaliated on Wednesday by demolishing the house in Nablus where the bomber in the Rosh Ha-Ayin attack lived with his family.](/news/2003/08/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israelis-killed-and-about-a-dozen-wounded-in-two-separate-suicide-bombings-by-palestinian-terrorists-in-t.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
