### [2007-08-27](/news/2007/08/27/index.md)

#  Bluegrass Army Depot Sarin(GB) leak in Lexington, Kentucky. Officials reported the Sarin levels 85 times above the safe limit. The first leak was detected at 3:49PM.




### Related:

1. [ Comair Flight 5191 crashes in Lexington, Kentucky. Only one person, out of three crew and 47 passengers, survived. ](/news/2006/08/27/comair-flight-5191-crashes-in-lexington-kentucky-only-one-person-out-of-three-crew-and-47-passengers-survived.md) _Context: Lexington, Kentucky_
2. [ Preliminary field tests suggest that the shell found near Baghdad on May 15 contained about four liters of the chemical agent sarin, which attacks the nervous system. ](/news/2004/05/18/preliminary-field-tests-suggest-that-the-shell-found-near-baghdad-on-may-15-contained-about-four-liters-of-the-chemical-agent-sarin-which.md) _Context: Sarin_
3. [ Iraqi WMD: Brigadier General Mark Kimmitt says that an artillery shell with sarin agent was found after it exploded. Two members of an explosives team are exposed to it, and have been treated. Hans Blix doubts that this was part of a current Iraq WMD, and doubts have been cast as to the accuracy of the field tests.](/news/2004/05/17/iraqi-wmd-brigadier-general-mark-kimmitt-says-that-an-artillery-shell-with-sarin-agent-was-found-after-it-exploded-two-members-of-an-expl.md) _Context: Sarin_
4. [ More than a dozen Coalition soldiers, a Knight Ridder reporter, a CNN cameraman and two Iraqi prisoners of war are sent for chemical weapons decontamination after exhibiting symptoms of possible exposure to tabun and sarin nerve agents and lewisite blistering agents while searching an Iraqi agricultural warehouse and a nearby military compound on the Euphrates river between the cities of Kerbala and Hilla. U.S. soldiers found eleven 25-gallon barrels and three 55-gallon chemical drums, hundreds of gas masks and chemical suits, along with large numbers of mortar and artillery rounds. Initial tests of the chemicals were positive, then a second test was done which came back negative. A third test, conducted by a mobile testing unit provided by Germany confirmed the existence of sarin. Some reports indicate that the chemicals found at the agricultural warehouse may turn out to be pesticides. Further tests are planned in the United States. U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said later in a Pentagon briefing that "almost all first reports we get, turn out to be wrong. We don't do first reports and we don't speculate.",](/news/2003/04/7/more-than-a-dozen-coalition-soldiers-a-knight-ridder-reporter-a-cnn-cameraman-and-two-iraqi-prisoners-of-war-are-sent-for-chemical-weapon.md) _Context: Sarin_
5. [ Embedded NPR journalists relay reports from a top official with the first Marine Division that U.S. forces near Baghdad have discovered 20 medium range BM-21 missiles armed with warheads containing deadly sarin and mustard gas that are "ready to fire.",](/news/2003/04/7/embedded-npr-journalists-relay-reports-from-a-top-official-with-the-first-marine-division-that-u-s-forces-near-baghdad-have-discovered-20.md) _Context: Sarin_
