### [2007-08-27](/news/2007/08/27/index.md)

#  Michael Vick, former National Football League star, arrived in US Federal Circuit Court in Richmond, Virginia and pleads guilty to federal dogfighting charges and then issues a public apology at the Omni Richmond Hotel. Sentencing by U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson will be in December 2007. 

U.S. football star Michael Vick publicly apologized on Monday after pleading guilty in a dogfighting case that will almost certainly land him in jail and prompted his suspension from the sport.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSN2745516320070827)
2. [USA Today transcript of apology] [http://www.newsday.com/sports/football/ny-spvick285349181aug28,0,569200.story Newsday.com] [http://www.latimes.com/news/printedition/asection/la-sp-vick28aug28,1,5261596.story?coll=la-news-a_section LA times](http://www.usatoday.com/sports/football/2007-08-27-2672656486_x.htm)

### Related:

1. [An American federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, rules a transgender high school student who was banned from the boys' bathroom can proceed with the lawsuit against the school board. ](/news/2016/04/19/an-american-federal-appeals-court-in-richmond-virginia-rules-a-transgender-high-school-student-who-was-banned-from-the-boys-bathroom-can.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
2. [ Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick agrees to a plea deal to charges of conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and conspiracy to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture in Richmond, Virginia, USA. ](/news/2007/08/20/atlanta-falcons-quarterback-michael-vick-agrees-to-a-plea-deal-to-charges-of-conspiracy-to-travel-in-interstate-commerce-in-aid-of-unlawful.md) _Context: Michael Vick, Richmond, Virginia_
3. [ A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Richmond, Virginia rules that the United States government cannot indefinitely detain U.S. residents as "enemy combatants." ](/news/2007/06/11/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-in-richmond-virginia-rules-that-the-united-states-governm.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
5. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: National Football League_
6. [The United States Supreme Court grants  a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the  Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
7. [U.S. District Judge Jane Triche Milazzo sentences former NFL player Darren Sharper to 18 years in prison in rape and drugging case involving as many as 16 women in several U.S. states. ](/news/2016/08/18/u-s-district-judge-jane-triche-milazzo-sentences-former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-to-18-years-in-prison-in-rape-and-drugging-case-involving.md) _Context: National Football League_
8. [ The U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules (12-3) a warrant is not required for police to obtain a person's cellphone location data from wireless carriers. ](/news/2016/05/31/the-u-s-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-12-3-a-warrant-is-not-required-for-police-to-obtain-a-person-s-cellphone-location-data-fro.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit_
9. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: National Football League_
10. [A 37-year-old Virginia State Police trooper taking part in a police training mission is killed by a gunman inside the Greyhound bus station in Richmond, Virginia. Two officers standing nearby return fire and fatally strike the suspect.  Two civilian women are injured.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-37-year-old-virginia-state-police-trooper-taking-part-in-a-police-training-mission-is-killed-by-a-gunman-inside-the-greyhound-bus-station.md) _Context: Richmond, Virginia_
