### [2007-08-27](/news/2007/08/27/index.md)

#  Pakistan and Bangladesh reject charges by India that terror outfits operating in their countries were behind the Hyderabad bomb blasts which killed 42 and injured over 60. 




### Related:

1. [19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan_
2. [ 25 August 2007 Hyderabad bombings: Seven more unexploded bombs are found in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India a day after the bombings. ](/news/2007/08/26/25-august-2007-hyderabad-bombings-seven-more-unexploded-bombs-are-found-in-hyderabad-andhra-pradesh-india-a-day-after-the-bombings.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India, bomb blasts_
3. [ Twin blasts panic people in Hyderabad, India. A gas cylinder explosion at a food mart kills 27, injures 50. Another blast at a park kills at least 14.](/news/2007/08/25/twin-blasts-panic-people-in-hyderabad-india-a-gas-cylinder-explosion-at-a-food-mart-kills-27-injures-50-another-blast-at-a-park-kills-a.md) _Context: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India, bomb blasts_
4. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan_
5. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods: Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
6. [2008 Mumbai attacks: Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
7. [Pakistan releases Indian fishermen caught in its territory as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2016/12/25/pakistan-releases-indian-fishermen-caught-in-its-territory-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
8. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
9. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
10. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistani officials say nine civilians have been killed after cross-border Indian shelling hit their passenger bus in Neelam Valley, northeast of Muzaffarabad, while three Pakistani soldiers were killed in other cross-border firing incidents. ](/news/2016/11/23/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistani-officials-say-nine-civilians-have-been-killed-after-cross-border-indian-shelling-hit.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
