### [2007-08-27](/news/2007/08/27/index.md)

#  Taliban rebels release 5 more South Koreans they are keeping hostage since July. 




### Related:

1. [ 2007 South Korean hostage crisis in Afghanistan: The Taliban releases the remaining South Korean hostages. ](/news/2007/08/30/2007-south-korean-hostage-crisis-in-afghanistan-the-taliban-releases-the-remaining-south-korean-hostages.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
2. [ South Korean hostage crisis: Officials in South Korea's Blue House claim that the Taliban has agreed to release 19 South Korean hostages. ](/news/2007/08/28/south-korean-hostage-crisis-officials-in-south-korea-s-blue-house-claim-that-the-taliban-has-agreed-to-release-19-south-korean-hostages.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
3. [ An Afghan governor asks the Taliban to extend Monday's deadline for the lives of 22 South Koreans, after militants warned the Afghan government to release 23 of its captured fighters or else hostages will die. The Taliban later executes a hostage. ](/news/2007/07/30/an-afghan-governor-asks-the-taliban-to-extend-monday-s-deadline-for-the-lives-of-22-south-koreans-after-militants-warned-the-afghan-govern.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
4. [ The 2007 Taliban-seized South Korean hostage crisis: The Taliban sets a new deadline for the South Korean captives. ](/news/2007/07/23/the-2007-taliban-seized-south-korean-hostage-crisis-the-taliban-sets-a-new-deadline-for-the-south-korean-captives.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
5. [ The Taliban threatens to kill 18 South Koreans taken hostage in Afghanistan, prompting the government in Seoul to confirm an earlier plan to withdraw its troops from the country by the end of the year. Separately, the Taliban claims that it has executed two German hostages. ](/news/2007/07/21/the-taliban-threatens-to-kill-18-south-koreans-taken-hostage-in-afghanistan-prompting-the-government-in-seoul-to-confirm-an-earlier-plan-t.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
6. [ Taliban insurgents stop a bus in Afghanistan and kidnap some of the passengers including South Koreans. ](/news/2007/07/20/taliban-insurgents-stop-a-bus-in-afghanistan-and-kidnap-some-of-the-passengers-including-south-koreans.md) _Context: South Korea, Taliban_
7. [An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
