### [2007-08-27](/news/2007/08/27/index.md)

#  U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-Idaho) is revealed to have pleaded guilty on August 8 to a charge of disorderly conduct at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. 




### Source:

1. [McClatchy Post Bulletin](http://www.postbulletin.com/newsmanager/templates/localnews_story.asp?z=16&a=305401)

### Related:

1. [ Idaho Republican Senator Larry Craig resigns from the United States Senate effective 30 September following a guilty plea to a disorderly conduct charge following his arrest in a restroom at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. (Wikinews)](/news/2007/09/1/idaho-republican-senator-larry-craig-resigns-from-the-united-states-senate-effective-30-september-following-a-guilty-plea-to-a-disorderly-c.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, Republican, United States Senate_
2. [ Republican Party Senator Larry Craig from Idaho vows to serve out his term in the United States Senate despite losing a court bid to rescind a guilty plea for an indecent act in a Minneapolis Airport men's room. ](/news/2007/10/4/republican-party-senator-larry-craig-from-idaho-vows-to-serve-out-his-term-in-the-united-states-senate-despite-losing-a-court-bid-to-rescin.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate_
3. [ Lawyers for U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-ID) ask the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to reject a complaint following a guilty plea to disorderly conduct charges in Minneapolis. The Ethics Committee rejects his plea. ](/news/2007/09/5/lawyers-for-u-s-senator-larry-craig-r-id-ask-the-senate-select-committee-on-ethics-to-reject-a-complaint-following-a-guilty-plea-to-diso.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [ The United States Senate Republican Party leadership requests that Senator Larry Craig of Idaho stand aside from his Senate committees until the United States Senate Select Committee on Ethics makes a ruling on his situation. Senator Craig agrees. ](/news/2007/08/29/the-united-states-senate-republican-party-leadership-requests-that-senator-larry-craig-of-idaho-stand-aside-from-his-senate-committees-unti.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate_
5. [ A spokesman for Idaho Senator Larry Craig indicates that the Senator is rethinking his decision to resign following his plea of guilty to "disorderly conduct" charges in Minneapolis. ](/news/2007/09/4/a-spokesman-for-idaho-senator-larry-craig-indicates-that-the-senator-is-rethinking-his-decision-to-resign-following-his-plea-of-guilty-to.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, United States Senate_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
9. [Senator Murphy gun control filibuster: 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting: Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/senator-murphy-gun-control-filibuster-2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-af.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016: Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
