### [2005-04-19](/news/2005/04/19/index.md)

#  George W. Bush's nomination of John R. Bolton for U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations receives a serious setback when Ohio senator George Voinovich announces in committee that he cannot vote to endorse Bolton for this important diplomatic position. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee agrees to postpone a vote for at least one month while allegations that Bolton abused subordinates is investigated. 




### Source:

1. [NY Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/19/politics/19cnd-bolton.html?hp&ex=1113969600&en=f8772edeba476df8&ei=5094&partner=homepage)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=8232161)

### Related:

1. [ John R. Bolton is nominated by President George W. Bush to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2005/03/7/john-r-bolton-is-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-become-the-u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John R. Bolton, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations_
2. [ The 6th United States Circuit Court of Appeals in Ohio rejects a lawsuit against George W. Bush's domestic wiretapping program, saying that the plaintiffs did not have the right to sue. ](/news/2007/07/6/the-6th-united-states-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-ohio-rejects-a-lawsuit-against-george-w-bush-s-domestic-wiretapping-program-saying-that.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush will nominate Zalmay Khalilzad, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, to replace Alejandro Daniel Wolff as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. If Khalilzad is confirmed by the Senate, he will be the first Muslim to serve in the position, and he will continue to be the highest serving Muslim American official in the U.S. government. ](/news/2007/01/5/united-states-president-george-w-bush-will-nominate-zalmay-khalilzad-the-u-s-ambassador-to-iraq-to-replace-alejandro-daniel-wolff-as-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations_
4. [ Ohio Republican Thomas Noe pleads guilty to illegally directing $50,000 into the 2004 re-election campaign of President George W. Bush.](/news/2006/05/31/ohio-republican-thomas-noe-pleads-guilty-to-illegally-directing-50-000-into-the-2004-re-election-campaign-of-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
5. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick. Portman is subject to Senate confirmation. (Reuters) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/BUSINESS/03/17/us.trade.rep.reut/]](/news/2005/03/17/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-r-ohio-was-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-be-the-united-states-trade-representative-replacing-rob.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
6. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
7. [ Two days before the 2004 United States presidential elections, President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry tour the swing states of Ohio, New Hampshire and Florida. ](/news/2004/10/31/two-days-before-the-2004-united-states-presidential-elections-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-john-kerry-tour-the-swing-states-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Ohio_
8. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: Ohio_
9. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Ohio_
10. [Nine people are injured in a shooting at the J&R Party Hall after-hours club in Columbus, Ohio. Two are in critical condition. ](/news/2017/04/16/nine-people-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-the-j-r-party-hall-after-hours-club-in-columbus-ohio-two-are-in-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ohio_
