### [2005-04-19](/news/2005/04/19/index.md)

#  Lebanese prime minister Najib Mikati forms a new government to lead the country until the May elections. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/cgi-bin/news_service/middle_east_full_story.asp?service_id=7840)
2. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=14419)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8227474)

### Related:

1. [Najib Mikati announces his resignation as Prime Minister of Lebanon. ](/news/2013/03/22/najib-mikati-announces-his-resignation-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, Najib Mikati_
2. [Lebanese prime minister Najib Mikati begins consultations on forming a new government. ](/news/2011/01/27/lebanese-prime-minister-najib-mikati-begins-consultations-on-forming-a-new-government.md) _Context: Lebanon, Najib Mikati_
3. [Political crisis in Lebanon:Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests  following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of  clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal  investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. ](/news/2011/01/25/political-crisis-in-lebanon-psupporters-of-lebanese-caretaker-prime-minister-saad-hariri-call-for-a-day-of-protests-following-hezbollah-s-s.md) _Context: Lebanon, Najib Mikati_
4. [ Najib Mikati becomes the new Prime Minister of Lebanon, replacing Omar Karami, who has resigned for a second time after seven weeks of frustrated efforts to form a consensus government. ](/news/2005/04/16/najib-mikati-becomes-the-new-prime-minister-of-lebanon-replacing-omar-karami-who-has-resigned-for-a-second-time-after-seven-weeks-of-frus.md) _Context: Lebanon, Najib Mikati_
5. [A cease-fire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-cease-fire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Lebanon_
