### [2005-04-19](/news/2005/04/19/index.md)

#  ''MyPyramid'' is released by the United States Department of Agriculture. The new food guidance icon is an update of the 13-year-old food guide pyramid, which was itself an update of charts expounding on the ''four basic food groups''. 




### Source:

1. [NY Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/20/health/20pyramid.html?hp&ex=1113969600&en=9e73a0fdc1ce085b&ei=5094&partner=homepage)

### Related:

1. [Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. ](/news/2017/02/3/citing-court-rulings-and-privacy-laws-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-stops-making-its-records-of-animal-abuse-available-to-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
2. [The United States Department of Agriculture reports that more than 40% of honey bee colonies died in the preceding year. Farmers rely on honey bees to pollinate over half the country's food supply annually. ](/news/2015/05/13/the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-reports-that-more-than-40-of-honey-bee-colonies-died-in-the-preceding-year-farmers-rely-on-hon.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
3. [A study of Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture employees shows that the food industry has been successfully withholding information from inspectors and pressuring the government agencies to withdraw or alter policies which promote food safety. ](/news/2010/09/13/a-study-of-food-and-drug-administration-and-u-s-department-of-agriculture-employees-shows-that-the-food-industry-has-been-successfully-with.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
4. [The White House holds an official review after an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture was forced to resign regarding controversy about a video that surfaced on the Internet. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-white-house-holds-an-official-review-after-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-was-forced-to-resign-regarding-con.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
5. [Shirley Sherrod, an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture, resigns after a video on the internet surfaced showing her apparently making racist remarks regarding the foreclosure of a farm owned by a white farmer. ](/news/2010/07/20/shirley-sherrod-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-resigns-after-a-video-on-the-internet-surfaced-showing-her-appa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
6. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture stands down two employees as part of its investigation of the biggest meat recall in United States history. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-stands-down-two-employees-as-part-of-its-investigation-of-the-biggest-meat-recall-in-united-states-histo.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
7. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]](/news/2003/12/27/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-announces-that-it-believes-the-bse-infected-cow-detected-in-washington-state-was-imported-from-canada-in.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
8. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
9. [ The United States Department of Agriculture confirms the first case of BSE (mad cow disease) in the United States, detected at a small slaughter house. The USDA has found no evidence that the infected materials made it into the food supply. Specimens have been sent to the United Kingdom for further analysis. Authorities quarantined a ranch near Yakima where the animal was raised. ](/news/2003/12/23/the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-confirms-the-first-case-of-bse-mad-cow-disease-in-the-united-states-detected-at-a-small-slau.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
