### [2005-04-19](/news/2005/04/19/index.md)

#  The inquiry into the murder of Rosemary Nelson, a Northern Ireland solicitor who was killed by a UDA bomb in 1999, begins. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/4458373.stm)
2. [Ireland On-Line](http://breakingnews.iol.ie/news/story.asp?j=140298438&p=y4xz99y44)
3. [Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/latest.cfm?id=4412806)

### Related:

1. [ Former UDA member Ken Barrett pleads guilty to the murder of solicitor Pat Finucane in 1989&mdash;one of the most controversial murders of Northern Ireland's Troubles. ](/news/2004/09/13/former-uda-member-ken-barrett-pleads-guilty-to-the-murder-of-solicitor-pat-finucane-in-1989-mdash-one-of-the-most-controversial-murders-of.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Ulster Defence Association_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
3. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
4. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
5. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [ Dissident Irish Republican campaign: MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [Metrojet Flight 9268: A sudden noise immediately before the "black box" flight data recorder went dark indicates the plane was brought down by a bomb, according to unnamed sources. Officially, Ayman el-Muqadem says the Egyptian investigative team is "considering all possible scenarios for the cause of the accident" and has not yet reached any conclusions. ](/news/2015/11/7/metrojet-flight-9268-a-sudden-noise-immediately-before-the-black-box-flight-data-recorder-went-dark-indicates-the-plane-was-brought-down.md) _Context: bomb_
9. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: bomb_
10. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
