### [2005-04-19](/news/2005/04/19/index.md)

#  The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])




### Related:

1. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein, coalition_
2. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Government of Iraq_
3. [A car bomb explodes near Iraqi government offices in central Baghdad, killing at least 26 and injuring 190. Eight others are killed in additional attacks across the country. ](/news/2012/06/4/a-car-bomb-explodes-near-iraqi-government-offices-in-central-baghdad-killing-at-least-26-and-injuring-190-eight-others-are-killed-in-addit.md) _Context: Baghdad, Government of Iraq_
4. [The Iranian ambassador in Baghdad says the recent release of two Iranians from Iraqi custody is not an indication of any impeding deal to free three Americans held in Tehran on spying charges since their capture in July 2009 while hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish region. ](/news/2010/06/1/the-iranian-ambassador-in-baghdad-says-the-recent-release-of-two-iranians-from-iraqi-custody-is-not-an-indication-of-any-impeding-deal-to-fr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Kurdish_
5. [ Iraq's government announces that all Bremer walls will be removed from Baghdad within forty days. ](/news/2009/08/5/iraq-s-government-announces-that-all-bremer-walls-will-be-removed-from-baghdad-within-forty-days.md) _Context: Baghdad, Government of Iraq_
6. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Ali Hassan al-Majid, better known as "Chemical Ali," is sentenced to death for his role in killing 180,000 Kurds under Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/06/24/ali-hassan-al-majid-better-known-as-chemical-ali-is-sentenced-to-death-for-his-role-in-killing-180-000-kurds-under-saddam-hussein.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, death penalty_
8. [ Iraq War: United States forces rescue 42 Iraqis from an al-Qaeda hideout northeast of Baghdad with some captives showing signs of torture. ](/news/2007/05/27/iraq-war-united-states-forces-rescue-42-iraqis-from-an-al-qaeda-hideout-northeast-of-baghdad-with-some-captives-showing-signs-of-torture.md) _Context: Baghdad, torture_
9. [ Iraq's High Tribunal sentences former Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan to death for his role in the 1982 killing of 148 men and boys in Dujail following an unsuccessful assassination attempt against Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/02/12/iraq-s-high-tribunal-sentences-former-vice-president-taha-yassin-ramadan-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-1982-killing-of-148-men-and-boys-in-d.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, death penalty_
10. [ A prison guard is arrested in Baghdad under suspicion of secretly filming the execution of Saddam Hussein using a mobile phone and publishing the video on the Internet. ](/news/2007/01/3/a-prison-guard-is-arrested-in-baghdad-under-suspicion-of-secretly-filming-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-using-a-mobile-phone-and-publishi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
