### [2006-02-19](/news/2006/02/19/index.md)

#  Ismail Haniya of Hamas becomes Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority, succeeding Ahmed Qurei. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/59847765-6FF7-45EE-9831-889600167AFB.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
2. [  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-no.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniya, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [ Following their Palestinian legislative election victory, Hamas chooses Ismail Haniya, considered a moderate, as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. ](/news/2006/02/16/following-their-palestinian-legislative-election-victory-hamas-chooses-ismail-haniya-considered-a-moderate-as-prime-minister-of-the-pale.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniya, Prime Minister_
5. [Four additional Palestinians charged with collaborating with Israel are publicly executed outside of the Jabalia refugee camp by Hamas; the killings are denounced by the secretary-general of the PA, Tayeb Abdel Rahim, who compared them to ISIS. ](/news/2014/08/23/four-additional-palestinians-charged-with-collaborating-with-israel-are-publicly-executed-outside-of-the-jabalia-refugee-camp-by-hamas-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
7. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
8. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ Six people are killed during battle between Hamas militants and the Palestinian National Authority's Preventive Security Service in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/31/six-people-are-killed-during-battle-between-hamas-militants-and-the-palestinian-national-authority-s-preventive-security-service-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
