### [2017-03-20](/news/2017/03/20/index.md)

# Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana Gusmao. 

Francisco Guterres, who is favoured by key powerbroker Xanana Gusmao, told Fairfax Media there are now &#034;better prospects&#034; for an agreement on sea borders.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/frontrunner-for-east-timor-presidency-offers-australia-hope-on-oilfields-deal-20170318-gv1a42.html)

### Related:

1. [The President of East Timor Jose Ramos-Horta concedes defeat in the East Timorese presidential election with Taur Matan Ruak and Francisco Guterres likely to contest a runoff in April. ](/news/2012/03/19/the-president-of-east-timor-josa-c-ramos-horta-concedes-defeat-in-the-east-timorese-presidential-election-with-taur-matan-ruak-and-francisco.md) _Context: 2012, Francisco Guterres, President_
2. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: 2012, East Timor, President_
3. [ Jose Ramos-Horta, the President of East Timor, selects Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor. ](/news/2007/08/6/josa-c-ramos-horta-the-president-of-east-timor-selects-xanana-gusmapso-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor.md) _Context: East Timor, President, Xanana Gusmao_
4. [ East Timorese voters go to the polls to elect a new President of East Timor to replace Xanana Gusmo.](/news/2007/04/9/east-timorese-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-of-east-timor-to-replace-xanana-gusmao.md) _Context: 2007, East Timor, President_
5. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: 2007, Francisco Guterres, President_
6. [ Australian troops enter the town of Same in East Timor where fugitive East Timorese army officer Alfredo Reinado was located with orders to arrest Reinado from the President of East Timor Xanana Gusmao. Reinado evades capture but five of his men are killed in the Battle of Same. ](/news/2007/03/4/australian-troops-enter-the-town-of-same-in-east-timor-where-fugitive-east-timorese-army-officer-alfredo-reinado-was-located-with-orders-to.md) _Context: East Timor, President, Xanana Gusmao_
7. [ Xanana Gusmao, President of East Timor, asks Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri to resign. ](/news/2006/06/21/xanana-gusmapso-president-of-east-timor-asks-prime-minister-mara-alkatiri-to-resign.md) _Context: East Timor, President, Xanana Gusmao_
8. [Mario Viegas Carrascalao resigns as the Deputy Prime Minister of East Timor leaving the Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao without a majority in the Parliament.  ](/news/2010/09/10/ma-rio-viegas-carrascalapso-resigns-as-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-east-timor-leaving-the-prime-minister-xanana-gusmapso-without-a-majority-i.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
9. [President of East Timor Jose Ramos-Horta begins his two-day first official state visit to Ireland by meeting Taoiseach Brian Cowen, urging the country to continue providing economic support as a priority nation and receiving an honorary doctorate from University College Dublin. ](/news/2010/03/8/president-of-east-timor-josa-c-ramos-horta-begins-his-two-day-first-official-state-visit-to-ireland-by-meeting-taoiseach-brian-cowen-urging.md) _Context: East Timor, President_
10. [  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana Gusmao_
