### [2014-06-14](/news/2014/06/14/index.md)

# Alexander Stubb is elected new leader of the National Coalition Party and thus the new prime minister of Finland, the first Swedish-speaking Finn to hold the post since 1959. 




### Source:

1. [Hufvudstadsbladet](http://hbl.fi/nyheter/2014-06-14/619376/stubb-mot-risikko-i-andra-omgangen)

### Related:

1. [The National Coalition Party wins the Finnish parliamentary election (44 seats), with the True Finns, third-place finishers, emerging as a new major political party (39 seats). Biggest losers are the Centre Party (36 seats); coalition talks will probably be held between the Coalition, the True Finns and the Social Democrats (42 seats).](/news/2011/04/17/the-national-coalition-party-wins-the-finnish-parliamentary-election-44-seats-with-the-true-finns-third-place-finishers-emerging-as-a-n.md) _Context: National Coalition Party_
2. [ Russian and Georgian forces exchange prisoners of war. [http:--www.alertnet.org-thenews-newsdesk-LJ326260.htm (Reuters)] Russia begins to withdraw troops from Georgia proper according to eyewitness accounts. [http:--www.reuters.com-article-worldNews-idINIndia-35081820080819 (Reuters)] Russia temporarily closes its borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan to prevent terrorist groups from crossing into Russia. [http:--www.delfi.lt-news-daily-world-article.php?id=18196858 (Delfi)] [http:--www.alertnet.org-thenews-newsdesk-LJ292582.htm (Reuters)] A United Nations aid convoy which entered Gori on Sunday reports evidence of large-scale looting. "While the buildings did not appear to be very damaged, there are clear signs of massive looting of both shops and private accommodations," the office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees says. [http:--www.canada.com-vancouversun-news-story.html?id=27b09bd1-80b6-4921-9970-582b8dc82928 ("The Vancouver Sun")] Alexander Stubb, the current Chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe says that Russia has agreed to a beefed-up monitoring mission for Georgia's disputed region of South Ossetia. [http:--ap.google.com-article-ALeqM5ie8DYGY9dpRmi_L5SrB1S9G1h3CAD92L9K5O0 (AP via Google News)] NATO cools relations with Russia. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-europe-7570394.stm (BBC News)] [http:--www.delfi.lt-news-daily-world-article.php?id=18204083 (Delfi)] NATO says Russia is not honoring cease-fire terms.](/news/2008/08/19/russian-and-georgian-forces-exchange-prisoners-of-war-http-www-alertnet-org-thenews-newsdesk-lj326260-htm-reuters-russia-begins-to-w.md) _Context: Alexander Stubb_
3. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: 1959_
4. [ The Ontario Court of Appeal acquits Steven Truscott of the 1959 murder of Lynne Harper, declaring the original trial that had sentenced the then-14-year-old to hang was a miscarriage of justice. The case has been a cause clbre for almost fifty years. ](/news/2007/08/28/the-ontario-court-of-appeal-acquits-steven-truscott-of-the-1959-murder-of-lynne-harper-declaring-the-original-trial-that-had-sentenced-the.md) _Context: 1959_
5. [ Finnish parliamentary election: Voters go to the polls, with the centre-left governing coalition between the Centre Party and the Social Democratic Party continuing for another term under the leadership of Matti Vanhanen. The National Coalition Party had a strong result finishing with one seat less than the Centre Party. ](/news/2007/03/18/finnish-parliamentary-election-voters-go-to-the-polls-with-the-centre-left-governing-coalition-between-the-centre-party-and-the-social-de.md) _Context: National Coalition Party_
