### [2014-06-14](/news/2014/06/14/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A bomb explodes in the town of al-Mayadin in Deir al-Zor province near the Iraqi border killing 8. 

At least eight people were killed on Saturday when a car bomb exploded in a market in eastern Syria near the border with Iraq, a monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/14/us-syria-crisis-blast-idUSKBN0EP0E520140614)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Twin bombings kill at least 40 people, mostly Shia Iraqi pilgrims, and wound over 100 in the Bab al-Saghir area of Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/11/syrian-civil-war-twin-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-mostly-shia-iraqi-pilgrims-and-wound-over-100-in-the-bab-al-saghir-area-of-damascu.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Syrian Civil War: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/iraqi-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazi.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Air Force destroys around 500 fuel tanker vehicles used by ISIS and other extremist groups for transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq. ](/news/2015/11/18/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-destroys-around-500-fuel-tanker-vehicles-used.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: Operation Chammal: France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-opa-c-ration-chammal-france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: After more than 18 months of requests, Turkey comes under heavy international pressure to secure its borders to the influx of foreign fighters, oil, and weapons crossing into Syria to fight for ISIS. ISIS fighters have been moving towards the Turkey-Syria border using armored cars looted from Iraqi military bases. ](/news/2014/08/24/syrian-civil-war-after-more-than-18-months-of-requests-turkey-comes-under-heavy-international-pressure-to-secure-its-borders-to-the-influx.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War:: The Free Syrian Army accuses the government of Iraq of conducting an airstrike against its forces in Deir ez-Zor, a town in eastern Syria. ](/news/2013/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-free-syrian-army-accuses-the-government-of-iraq-of-conducting-an-airstrike-against-its-forces-in-deir-ez-zor-a-town.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
