### [2005-03-14](/news/2005/03/14/index.md)

#  In India, Muslim charity Sunni Waqf Board claims ownership of the Taj Mahal. They demand opposing evidence from the Archaeological Survey of India 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4348663.stm)
2. [Express Newsline](http://www.expressnewsline.com/phpnews2.php?action=fullnews&showcomments=1&id=23)
3. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/2005/Mar/13/181_1277387,0008.htm)
4. [New Kerala](http://www.newkerala.com/news-daily/news/features.php?action=fullnews&id=84835)

### Related:

1. [Monsoon flooding on the Yamuna River threatens the Taj Mahal in Agra, India after more than 800,000|cuft/s|m3/s|abbr=on of water had to be released from a barrage in Haryana, while hundreds of nearby villages flooded and flooding continues in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. ](/news/2010/09/13/monsoon-flooding-on-the-yamuna-river-threatens-the-taj-mahal-in-agra-india-after-more-than-800-000-cuft-s-m3-s-abbr-on-of-water-had-to-be-r.md) _Context: India, Taj Mahal_
2. [ The New Seven Wonders of the World are announced.  These are The Great Wall of China, Petra in Jordan, the Christ the Redeemer statue in Brazil, Machu Picchu in Peru, Mexico's Chichen Itza Mayan site, the Colosseum in Rome and the Taj Mahal in India. ](/news/2007/07/7/the-new-seven-wonders-of-the-world-are-announced-these-are-the-great-wall-of-china-petra-in-jordan-the-christ-the-redeemer-statue-in-br.md) _Context: India, Taj Mahal_
3. [ In India, the government has dismissed a claim of Sunni Waqf Board that it should own the Taj Mahal.  ](/news/2005/07/17/in-india-the-government-has-dismissed-a-claim-of-sunni-waqf-board-that-it-should-own-the-taj-mahal.md) _Context: Sunni Waqf Board, Taj Mahal_
4. [ Indian divers have found more evidence of possible underwater ruins of a port city near the Tamil Nadu coast. The ruins were revealed after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Archaeological Survey of India connects them to the legendary city of Mahabalipuram ](/news/2005/02/27/indian-divers-have-found-more-evidence-of-possible-underwater-ruins-of-a-port-city-near-the-tamil-nadu-coast-the-ruins-were-revealed-after.md) _Context: Archaeological Survey of India, India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
10. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
