### [2005-03-14](/news/2005/03/14/index.md)

#  The United States government announces the arrests of 103 members of the violent street gang MS-13. ([http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=519&ncid=519&e=18&u=/ap/20050314/ap_on_re_us/gang_arrests AP])




### Related:

1. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen reaches a deal with the United States government that includes vehicle buybacks and cash compensation. ](/news/2016/04/21/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-reaches-a-deal-with-the-united-states-government-that-includes-vehicle-buybacks-and-cash-compensati.md) _Context: United States government_
2. [Office of Personnel Management data breach: The CNN reports that the size of the Office of Personnel Management data breach could be as large as 18 million past, present and prospective employees of the United States Government. ](/news/2015/06/22/office-of-personnel-management-data-breach-the-cnn-reports-that-the-size-of-the-office-of-personnel-management-data-breach-could-be-as-larg.md) _Context: United States government_
3. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: United States government_
4. [The United States House of Representatives narrowly passes a budget spending bill to avoid a potential government shutdown. ](/news/2014/12/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-budget-spending-bill-to-avoid-a-potential-government-shutdown.md) _Context: United States government_
5. [United States Government owned mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announce record profits during 2012. ](/news/2013/04/2/united-states-government-owned-mortgage-firms-fannie-mae-and-freddie-mac-announce-record-profits-during-2012.md) _Context: United States government_
6. [The United States Government commences legal action against Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue, the Minister of Agriculture and Forestry in Equatorial Guinea and the son of the President of Equatorial Guinea Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo, to seize US$70.8 million in assets allegedly gained from graft and corruption. ](/news/2011/10/25/the-united-states-government-commences-legal-action-against-teodoro-nguema-obiang-mangue-the-minister-of-agriculture-and-forestry-in-equato.md) _Context: United States government_
7. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, announces the sale of the US government's stake in Chrysler to Italian automaker Fiat at a visit to a plant at Toledo, Ohio. ](/news/2011/06/3/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-announces-the-sale-of-the-us-government-s-stake-in-chrysler-to-italian-automaker-fiat-at-a.md) _Context: United States government_
8. [United States Government investigates are looking at possible breaches of air cargo screening regulations by US Air at Philadelphia Airport. ](/news/2011/03/9/united-states-government-investigates-are-looking-at-possible-breaches-of-air-cargo-screening-regulations-by-us-air-at-philadelphia-airport.md) _Context: United States government_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama signs a bill preventing a shutdown of the United States government for another two weeks. ](/news/2011/03/2/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-a-bill-preventing-a-shutdown-of-the-united-states-government-for-another-two-weeks.md) _Context: United States government_
10. [A Federal grand jury indicts eleven members of a firearms trafficking ring based in Columbus, New Mexico including the mayor and police chief. ](/news/2011/03/10/a-federal-grand-jury-indicts-eleven-members-of-a-firearms-trafficking-ring-based-in-columbus-new-mexico-including-the-mayor-and-police-chie.md) _Context: United States government_
