### [2009-04-3](/news/2009/04/3/index.md)

#  Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak is inaugurated as Prime Minister. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/04/03/malaysia.pm/?iref=hpmostpop)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
2. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
3. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
5. [There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
6. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandalMalaysian authorities order a freeze on six accounts associated with alleged payments by development bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad to the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/7/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandalpmalaysian-authorities-order-a-freeze-on-six-accounts-associated-with-alleged-payments-by-development-ba.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
7. [Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak dissolves parliament and advises all the state governments, except Negeri Sembilan and Sarawak to do the same, in preparation for general election. ](/news/2013/04/3/malaysia-s-prime-minister-najib-razak-dissolves-parliament-and-advises-all-the-state-governments-except-negeri-sembilan-and-sarawak-to-do-t.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
8. [ Prime Minister of Malaysia Abdullah Ahmad Badawi states that the governing United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) will punish Ahmad Ismail, a party official, for a series of statements he made about Malaysia's ethnic Chinese population. ](/news/2008/09/9/prime-minister-of-malaysia-abdullah-ahmad-badawi-states-that-the-governing-united-malays-national-organisation-umno-will-punish-ahmad-ism.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
9. [ Former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad, tenders his resignation from the country's ruling political party, the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). ](/news/2008/05/19/former-prime-minister-of-malaysia-mahathir-mohamad-tenders-his-resignation-from-the-country-s-ruling-political-party-the-united-malays-n.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Prime Minister_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
