### [2009-04-3](/news/2009/04/3/index.md)

#  French police arrest 300 protesters as a NATO summit begins in Strasbourg. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Nato-Summit-Violence-Ahead-Of-Meeting-In-Strasbourg-And-Baden-Baden-Where-Afghanistan-On-Agenda/Article/200904115254923?lpos=Politics_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15254923_Nato_Summit%3A_Violence_Ahead_Of_Meeting_In_Strasbourg_And_Baden-Baden_Where_Afghanistan_On_Agenda)

### Related:

1. [2016 Normandy church attack: Two men armed with knives take a priest, two nuns and two parishioners hostage in a church near Rouen in the French region of Normandy. French police kill the hostage-takers after the 86-year-old priest, Jacques Hamel, was killed by slitting his throat. ](/news/2016/07/26/2016-normandy-church-attack-two-men-armed-with-knives-take-a-priest-two-nuns-and-two-parishioners-hostage-in-a-church-near-rouen-in-the-fr.md) _Context: France, French police_
2. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing: A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _Context: France, French police_
3. [2015 Roubaix shootings: At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/2015-roubaix-shootings-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix.md) _Context: France, French police_
4. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: France, Strasbourg_
5. [France and Germany follow the United States and United Kingdom in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government facilities following the killing of two senior NATO officers. ](/news/2012/02/26/france-and-germany-follow-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-in-withdrawing-civilian-staff-from-afghan-government-facilities-following-the.md) _Context: France, NATO_
6. [2010 strikes in France:: French riot police take over the Grandpuits Total S.A. oil refinery which had been blockaded by strikers for more than ten days. ](/news/2010/10/22/2010-strikes-in-france-french-riot-police-take-over-the-grandpuits-total-s-a-oil-refinery-which-had-been-blockaded-by-strikers-for-more-t.md) _Context: France, French police_
7. [French police find the bodies of eight new-born babies in the village of Villers-au-Tertre in north-east of France. ](/news/2010/07/28/french-police-find-the-bodies-of-eight-new-born-babies-in-the-village-of-villers-au-tertre-in-north-east-of-france.md) _Context: France, French police_
8. [ French police raid the Basque Homeland and Freedom's "bomb factory" in Grenoble, Isere. ](/news/2009/04/7/french-police-raid-the-basque-homeland-and-freedom-s-bomb-factory-in-grenoble-isa-re.md) _Context: France, French police_
9. [ President Nicolas Sarkozy announces that France will rejoin NATO's military command. ](/news/2009/03/11/president-nicolas-sarkozy-announces-that-france-will-rejoin-nato-s-military-command.md) _Context: France, NATO_
10. [ NATO ministers reach a deal after overcoming resistance from France, Italy and Germany by agreeing that only willing countries temporarily "act in concert with the Afghans, against [drug] facilities". ](/news/2008/10/10/nato-ministers-reach-a-deal-after-overcoming-resistance-from-france-italy-and-germany-by-agreeing-that-only-willing-countries-temporarily.md) _Context: France, NATO_
