### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Headlines/Article.aspx?id=184260)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=353023)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
2. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
3. [Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah suggests Israel carried out the 2005 assassination of ex-Lebanese PM Rafic Hariri, and promises he will show proof at a press conference next week. ](/news/2010/08/3/sheikh-hassan-nasrallah-suggests-israel-carried-out-the-2005-assassination-of-ex-lebanese-pm-rafic-hariri-and-promises-he-will-show-proof-a.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
4. [Hezbollah states it has passed on evidence said to implicate Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/17/hezbollah-states-it-has-passed-on-evidence-said-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-assassination-of-then-prime-minister-of-lebanon-rafic-hariri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
5. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
6. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [The Special Tribunal for Lebanon publishes an indictment against Hezbollah members accused in the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2011/08/17/the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-publishes-an-indictment-against-hezbollah-members-accused-in-the-2005-assassination-of-lebanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafic Hariri_
8. [In Lebanon, Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah rejects the indictment and arrest warrants served by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon three days earlier against the party's four senior members. ](/news/2011/07/3/in-lebanon-hezbollah-s-leader-hassan-nasrallah-rejects-the-indictment-and-arrest-warrants-served-by-the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-three.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [Lebanon's Government led by Prime Minister Saad Hariri collapses following the withdrawal of Hezbollah. ](/news/2011/01/12/lebanon-s-government-led-by-prime-minister-saad-hariri-collapses-following-the-withdrawal-of-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
10. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
