### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# The United States and Vietnam celebrate the 15th anniversary of diplomatic relations by conducting what the United States describes as a "series of naval engagement activities" in the South China Sea, risking a disagreement with China. 

The US and Vietnam stage joint naval activities in the South China Sea, a sign of increasing military ties between the former enemies.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10925061)
2. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/world/2010-08/11/content_11134190.htm)

### Related:

1. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:. China says it will open disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to tourism before the May Day holiday, a move to which Vietnam is strongly opposed, as the United States expresses concern. ](/news/2013/04/7/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-says-it-will-open-disputed-paracel-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-to-tourism-before-the.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States, Vietnam_
2. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
3. [China-United States relations. The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
4. [Philippines-United States relations. The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
5. [International reactions to Philippines v. China. China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-ve.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
6. [United States-Vietnam relations. United States President Barack Obama ends the American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country. ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-vietnam-relations-united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the.md) _Context: United States, Vietnam_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
9. [The United States agrees with Singapore on a first deployment of the U.S. P8 Poseidon surveillance aircraft in Singapore this month, in a fresh response to China over its pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-agrees-with-singapore-on-a-first-deployment-of-the-u-s-p8-poseidon-surveillance-aircraft-in-singapore-this-month-in-a-fr.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-Vietnam relations. Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
