### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan apologises to South Korea for colonising the Korean peninsula for three decades in the early 1900s and promises to return cultural relics in the near future. 

Japan apologises to South Korea for colonising the peninsula and promises to return cultural relics.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jZe9c7V8OIXJ5cdSI7x4V6MaKNKAD9HGI68O0)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10922522)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/asiapcf/08/10/japan.korea.apology/#fbid=YIYm6U-LlVS&wom=false)

### Related:

1. [South Korea issues an arrest warrant for a Korean-based Volkswagen AG executive in relation to the emissions scandal. ](/news/2016/06/24/south-korea-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-a-korean-based-volkswagen-ag-executive-in-relation-to-the-emissions-scandal.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
2. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, South Korea_
3. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, South Korea_
4. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
5. [The Kyodo news agency reports that the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo that could complicate relations with China and South Korea. ](/news/2014/10/17/the-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sent-a-ritual-offering-to-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-in-tok.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, South Korea_
6. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
7. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-ko.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
