### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# The United Nations warns that the trial of Guantanamo Bay inmate Omar Khadr violates an International Criminal Court statute banning the trial for war crimes of those under the age of 18, saying this has not happened since World War II. 

Even as the United States proceeds this week to prosecute Omar Khadr, a child soldier held at the Guantanamo Bay prison, a top United Nations official has warned that this move would violate a statute


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article562968.ece)

### Related:

1. [ France presents a draft resolution to vote at the United Nations. It would give war crime cases in Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. US resists the idea. ](/news/2005/03/24/france-presents-a-draft-resolution-to-vote-at-the-united-nations-it-would-give-war-crime-cases-in-darfur-region-of-sudan-to-the-internatio.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations, war crime_
2. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations, war crime_
3. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
4. [A detachment of Japanese troops land in South Sudan to aid in U.N. peacekeeping operations, Japan's first such action since World War II. ](/news/2016/11/21/a-detachment-of-japanese-troops-land-in-south-sudan-to-aid-in-u-n-peacekeeping-operations-japan-s-first-such-action-since-world-war-ii.md) _Context: United Nations, World War II_
5. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the  U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
6. [A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-united-nations-commission-of-inquiry-says-that-eritrea-should-be-referred-to-the-international-criminal-court-for-alleged-crimes-against-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
7. [The first-ever United Nations humanitarian summit opens in Istanbul, Turkey, to address the 125-million people crisis, the worst since World War II. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-first-ever-united-nations-humanitarian-summit-opens-in-istanbul-turkey-to-address-the-125-million-people-crisis-the-worst-since-world.md) _Context: United Nations, World War II_
8. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
9. [A new United Nations report on  South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends  the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-world-in-particular-by-gove.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
10. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: United Nations, war crime_
