### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# The Israel Defense Forces arrest three wanted Palestinians during an operation in Tulkarm and Nablus in the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Headlines/Article.aspx?id=184258)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli forces carry out a raid across parts of the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/02/25/israeli-forces-carry-out-a-raid-across-parts-of-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Nablus, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-ref.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Nablus, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. ](/news/2015/10/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-the-israeli-military-evacuated-dozens-of-jewish-worshippers-who-were-surrounded-by-palestinians-after.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Nablus_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Nablus, West Bank_
9. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
10. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Nablus_
