### [2010-08-10](/news/2010/08/10/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan: The United Nations releases a report highlighting the deaths of civilians in Afghanistan. 

A sharp rise in insurgent attacks in Afghanistan causes a 31% rise in civilian casualties, despite a fall in deaths and injuries caused by international forces, the UN says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-10922405)
2. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/asia/Suicide-Attack-on-Security-Company-Kills-2-in-Kabul-100368894.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Camp Shaheen attack: Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan: At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan: Norway Foreign Minister Borge Brende says his government is doubling humanitarian aid to Afghanistan to around 200 million kroner (US$24 million). ](/news/2016/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-norway-foreign-minister-ba-rge-brende-says-his-government-is-doubling-humanitarian-aid-to-afghanistan-to-around-200-mill.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan: The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-ta.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan: The United Nations reports that civilian casualties reached a record level in 2015; at least 3,545 non-combatants were killed and 7,457 injured. ](/news/2016/02/14/war-in-afghanistan-the-united-nations-reports-that-civilian-casualties-reached-a-record-level-in-2015-at-least-3-545-non-combatants-were-k.md) _Context: United Nations, War in Afghanistan_
8. [War in Afghanistan: A suicide bomber in Kabul, Afghanistan, targets Tolo News, killing four and wounding 20. ](/news/2016/01/20/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-bomber-in-kabul-afghanistan-targets-tolo-news-killing-four-and-wounding-20.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
9. [War in Afghanistan: "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command-s chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-det.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United Nations_
