### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. 

Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold urgent talks over asylum seekers held at a centre ruled unconstitutional by the PNG Supreme Court.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/302485/burnt-iranian-in-critical-condition-on-nauru)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-36156753)

### Related:

1. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Regional Processing Centre, Papua New Guinea_
3. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
4. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
5. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
6. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that Australia's detention of asylum seekers on Manus Island breaches the right to personal liberty under the constitution. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-australia-s-detention-of-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-breaches-the-right-to-personal-libe.md) _Context: Australia, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
7. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
8. [A ship capsizes off the island of Java carrying refugees from Indonesia to Australia.  Thirty people are missing and 22 bodies have been recovered, with 31 survivors rescued. ](/news/2013/09/27/a-ship-capsizes-off-the-island-of-java-carrying-refugees-from-indonesia-to-australia-thirty-people-are-missing-and-22-bodies-have-been-rec.md) _Context: Australia, refugee_
9. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
10. [Belden Namah, the Deputy Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and Allan Marat, the Attorney General, agree to hand themselves into Police following a ruling by the Supreme Court. ](/news/2011/11/13/belden-namah-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-and-allan-marat-the-attorney-general-agree-to-hand-themselves-into-police-fol.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
