### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. 




### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/28/ken-livingstone-suspended-labour-party-anti-semitism/)

### Related:

1. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Labour, London Mayor_
2. [ Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson is elected as the Mayor of London replacing Ken Livingstone, capping huge gains by the Conservatives in local elections, which gave them a net gain of 256 council seats and a net gain of 12 city councils. ](/news/2008/05/2/conservative-party-candidate-boris-johnson-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-london-replacing-ken-livingstone-capping-huge-gains-by-the-conservat.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, London Mayor_
3. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, accuses Home Secretary Jack Straw of participating in "demonization of Muslims only comparable to the demonization of Jews from the end of the 19th century" for his comments regarding veils. ](/news/2006/11/20/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-accuses-home-secretary-jack-straw-of-participating-in-demonization-of-muslims-only-comparable-to-the.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, London Mayor_
4. [ The mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, refers to the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Robert Tuttle, as a 'chiseling little crook' because the United States embassy continues to refuse to pay the London congestion charge. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-refers-to-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-robert-tuttle-as-a-chiseling-little-c.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, London Mayor_
5. [ The High Court of England and Wales grants the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, an order that delays a four-week suspension from his post ordered by an administrative tribunal last week. ](/news/2006/02/28/the-high-court-of-england-and-wales-grants-the-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-an-order-that-delays-a-four-week-suspension-from-his-post.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, London Mayor_
6. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, is suspended from his position for one month by a three member panel of the Adjudication Panel for England for being "unnecessarily insensitive" in comparing a Jewish ''Evening Standard'' reporter to a Nazi concentration camp guard. Nicky Gavron, his deputy, will take over his responsibilities whilst Livingstone is suspended. ](/news/2006/02/24/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-is-suspended-from-his-position-for-one-month-by-a-three-member-panel-of-the-adjudication-panel-for-en.md) _Context: Ken Livingstone, London Mayor_
7. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Labour_
8. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour_
9. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Labour_
10. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London Mayor_
