### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. 

Security council blacklists Indian-flagged cargo ship for illegally transporting crude oil from Libyan port under control of splinter group


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/28/un-slaps-ban-on-renegade-libyan-oil-shipment)

### Related:

1. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Council of Deputies, Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
2. [An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns-with-its-cargo-to.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
3. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, United Nations_
4. [Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya-s-armed-brigades-a.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwrecks-near-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
6. [Forces loyal to Libyan general and former US citizen Khalifa Haftar, commander of the elected Council of Deputies military, seize control of the ports of Sidra, Ra's Lanuf, Brega and Zuwetina. ](/news/2016/09/11/forces-loyal-to-libyan-general-and-former-us-citizen-khalifa-haftar-commander-of-the-elected-council-of-deputies-military-seize-control-of.md) _Context: Council of Deputies, Libya_
7. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
9. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, United Nations_
10. [Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan-border.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
