### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. 

Office of Binyamin Netanyahu says best way to resolve conflict between Israelis and Palestinians is direct, bilateral negotiations


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/israel-cool-on-french-peace-plan-bilateral-direct-talks-are-only-path/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/28/israeli-prime-minister-binyamin-netanyahu-rejects-french-peace-conference-initiative-palestinians)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, prime minister of Israel_
2. [The prime minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refus.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls the latest peace-conference "useless". ](/news/2017/01/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-calls-the-latest-peace-conference-useless.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli–Palestinian peace process_
4. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Israeli–Palestinian peace process_
5. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
7. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
8. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
10. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
