### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. A wave of airstrikes on Aleppo, Syria, kill at least 61 people, including children. 

At least 27 people at a hospital in Aleppo, Syria, were killed overnight, including children, activists said Thursday, in what Secretary of State John Kerry called a deliberate [air]strike by government forces on a known medical facility.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/28/middleeast/syria-aleppo-hospital-airstrike/)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/04/28/at-least-27-killed-as-wave-airstrikes-hit-near-hospital-in-contested-syrian-city.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-idUSKCN0XP24O)
4. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/world/wp/2016/04/28/doctors-without-borders-14-patients-medical-workers-killed-in-airstrikes/?wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-world%252Bnation)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Six people are killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/20/syrian-civil-war-six-people-are-killed-in-a-suspected-chlorine-gas-attack-in-aleppo-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war. Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/syrian-civil-war-russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-nea.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [ Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). More than 72 are killed in clashes between Al-Nusra Front and Syrian government forces in Khan Tuman south of Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/05/6/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-more-than-72-are-killed-in-clashes-between-al-nusra-front-and-syrian-government-forces-in-kh.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-ri.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
