### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# The Armenian-American community responds with outrage after the "The Wall Street Journal" publishes an ad denying the Armenian Genocide. 

The ad, which follows billboards in the Boston and Chicago areas, comes just before the 101st anniversary of the genocide’s start.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/full-page-wsj-ad-denying-armenian-genocide-spurs-anger-450971)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
2. [Pope Francis, in his first speech upon arrival at the presidential palace of Serzh Sargsyan in the Armenian capital Yerevan, denounces the planned genocide of Armenians by Ottoman-era Turks a century ago, though the word "genocide" was not included in his prepared speech. ](/news/2016/06/24/pope-francis-in-his-first-speech-upon-arrival-at-the-presidential-palace-of-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-armenian-capital-yerevan-denounces-the-p.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
3. [Holy See-Turkey relations. Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/holy-see-turkey-relations-pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-rei.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
4. [Armenian Genocide recognition. The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/armenian-genocide-recognition-the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-gen.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
5. [Germany-Turkey relations. Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
6. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
7. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
8. [Sergey Mironov, leader of the Russian opposition party, A Just Russia, submits a bill to the State Duma on holding to account anyone who denies that the 1915 mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces was a "genocide". ](/news/2015/11/25/sergey-mironov-leader-of-the-russian-opposition-party-a-just-russia-submits-a-bill-to-the-state-duma-on-holding-to-account-anyone-who-den.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
9. [Armenia commemorates the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide by the Ottoman Empire. ](/news/2015/04/24/armenia-commemorates-the-100th-anniversary-of-the-armenian-genocide-by-the-ottoman-empire.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
10. [Denial of the Armenian Genocide is criminalized in the Republic of Cyprus. ](/news/2015/04/2/denial-of-the-armenian-genocide-is-criminalized-in-the-republic-of-cyprus.md) _Context: genocide of Armenians_
