### [2016-04-28](/news/2016/04/28/index.md)

# U.S. Special Envoy to South Sudan Donald E. Booth said that the United States would consider imposing sanctions or an arms embargo on South Sudan's leaders if they fail to form and cooperate in a proposed unity government to end the country's civil war. 

US envoy says sanctions or an arms embargo may be imposed on political leaders if they fail to keep the peace.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/04/sudan-leaders-work-face-sanctions-160428060019607.html)

### Related:

1. [Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government-of-interfering-in-the-cour.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
2. [Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes.  ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
4. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [A new United Nations report on  South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends  the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-world-in-particular-by-gove.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-obasanjo-describes-atrocitie.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [Fighting resumes in South Sudan after the failure to reach a deal between tribes loyal to the president and tribes loyal to the former vice-president. ](/news/2015/08/19/fighting-resumes-in-south-sudan-after-the-failure-to-reach-a-deal-between-tribes-loyal-to-the-president-and-tribes-loyal-to-the-former-vice.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
8. [The United States circulates a draft resolution proposing a sanctions regime for conflict-torn South Sudan. ](/news/2014/11/4/the-united-states-circulates-a-draft-resolution-proposing-a-sanctions-regime-for-conflict-torn-south-sudan.md) _Context: South Sudan, United States_
9. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
