### [2017-08-23](/news/2017/08/23/index.md)

# Aftermath of the USS ''John S. McCain'' collisionThe United States Navy relieves Admiral Joseph Aucoin as Commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following the death of 12 sailors in four collisions in Asia. 

Divers found the remains of missing sailors in a search of the Navy destroyer John S. McCain that collided with an oil tanker on Monday near Singapore.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/22/world/asia/us-navy-ship-collision-uss-mccain-search-sailors.html?emc=edit_na_20170822&nl=breaking-news&nlid=66213151&ref=cta)

### Related:

1. [The United States Navy's USS ''John S. McCain'' collides with the Liberian-flagged ''Alnic'' MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-efforts-are-underway.md) _Context: USS ''John S. McCain'', United States Navy_
2. [The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS ''Fitzgerald'' are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disciplined-in-the-aftermath-of-the-collision-with.md) _Context: United States Navy_
3. [The United States Navy says the USS ''Thunderbolt'' fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: United States Navy_
4. [Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS ''Fitzgerald'' and the MV ''ACX Crysta''l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-prior-day-s-collision-between-the-uss-fitzgerald.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [The USS ''Fitzgerald'', a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV ''ACX Crystal'' off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx-crystal-off-the-coast-of-japan-at-around-2.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: United States Navy_
7. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: United States Navy_
8. [The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-i.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: United States Navy_
10. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: United States Navy_
