### [2017-08-23](/news/2017/08/23/index.md)

# An impeachment complaint has been filed in the House of Representatives against Commission on Elections chairman Andres D. Bautista for betrayal of public trust and culpable violation of the Constitution, over recent allegations of ill-gotten wealth & graft and corruption. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/924928/impeachment-complaint-impeach-andres-bautista-comelec-ill-gotten-wealth-house-of-representative/)

### Related:

1. [Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chief-justice-maria-lourdes-sereno.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Impeachment in the Philippines_
2. [Three impeachment complaints against Philippines President Benigno Aquino III are deemed by the Philippine House of Representatives as "sufficient in form", paving the way for possible legal proceedings against him. ](/news/2014/08/26/three-impeachment-complaints-against-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-are-deemed-by-the-philippine-house-of-representatives-as-suff.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Impeachment in the Philippines_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Constitution_
4. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
5. [A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-national-police-is-unconstit.md) _Context: Constitution_
6. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-in-a-9-6-ruling-reverses-the-commission-on-elections-order-that-had-disqualified-senator-grace-poe-fr.md) _Context: Commission on Elections_
8. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Commission on Elections_
9. [Liza Maza, a human rights activist and former Filipino congresswoman, and the Center for Women's Resources criticized the United States and the Philippines governments for preventing Maza's boarding of a July 9, 2015, Korean Air flight destined for Washington, D.C. Maza, who has a U.S. visa valid until 2018, was scheduled to speak before a left-wing conference on U.S. activities in the Philippines. ](/news/2015/07/17/liza-maza-a-human-rights-activist-and-former-filipino-congresswoman-and-the-center-for-women-s-resources-criticized-the-united-states-and.md) _Context: House of Representatives_
10. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
