### [2017-08-23](/news/2017/08/23/index.md)

# China rejects claims that it is escalating disputes in the South China Sea when its ships sailed near a Philippines sandbar. 

Beijing has noted remarks accusing them of invading the territory of the Philippines, which President Rodrigo Duterte already denied. 


### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2017/08/23/1731911/china-hits-comments-stirring-disputes-philippines)
2. [Voice of America](https://www.voanews.com/a/chinese-activity-disputed-sea-challenges-sino-philippines/3996992.html)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackson-atoll-in-the-south-chin.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, disputes_
4. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippines-case-against-china-over-maritime-disputes.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, disputes_
7. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea_
10. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea_
