### [2004-04-15](/news/2004/04/15/index.md)

#  Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. 

The killing could complicate an Iranian mission to mediate the standoff between U.S. troops and a rebel Shiite cleric.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3628985.stm)
2. [CommandPost](http://www.command-post.org/2_archives/011683.html)
3. [Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.com/cgi-bin/getarticle.pl5?nn20040416a1.htm)
4. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/04/15/international/middleeast/15CND-IRAQ.html?hp)
5. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Iraq-Kidnappings.html)
6. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=0000F56D-47B7-429B-879F77E4D95DF67B)
6. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shiite_
3. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, cleric_
4. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
5. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
6. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite, cleric_
7. [ At least two Shiite Muslim followers of militant Iraqi cleric, Moqtada Sadr, are killed early in the day after throwing themselves in front of United States tanks during a demonstration in Baghdad. ](/news/2004/04/4/at-least-two-shiite-muslim-followers-of-militant-iraqi-cleric-moqtada-sadr-are-killed-early-in-the-day-after-throwing-themselves-in-front.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite, cleric_
8. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
9. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
10. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
