### [2011-11-16](/news/2011/11/16/index.md)

# The new Greek prime minister, Lucas Papademos, wins a vote of confidence in Parliament, opening the way for his government of national unity to take the steps to restore financial stability in Greece. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/11/16/world/europe/greece-politics/index.html?hpt=wo_c2)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-packag.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
2. [Lucas Papademos is appointed interim prime minister of Greece's new unity government, and pledges to implement a European bailout package to help resolve the Greek government debt crisis. ](/news/2011/11/10/lucas-papademos-is-appointed-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-s-new-unity-government-and-pledges-to-implement-a-european-bailout-package-to.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis, Lucas Papademos_
3. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Lucas Papademos_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis. Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-wa.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greek government-debt crisis timeline. The Hellenic Parliament votes to approve the Greek bailout package despite many senior lawmakers from the ruling Syriza Party refusing to vote for the deal. ](/news/2015/07/15/greek-government-debt-crisis-greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-the-hellenic-parliament-votes-to-approve-the-greek-bailout-package-desp.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Hellenic Parliament passes a package of economic reforms to end the current stage of the debt crisis. ](/news/2015/07/11/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-passes-a-package-of-economic-reforms-to-end-the-current-stage-of-the-debt-crisis.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis, Hellenic Parliament_
7. [Lucas Papademos resigns as the Prime Minister of Greece, calling an election for May 6. ](/news/2012/04/11/lucas-papademos-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-greece-calling-an-election-for-may-6.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Lucas Papademos_
8. [The Hellenic Parliament rejects a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou following a failed attempt to hold a referendum on a Eurozone bailout. ](/news/2011/11/4/the-hellenic-parliament-rejects-a-no-confidence-motion-against-the-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-following-a-failed-attempt-to.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Hellenic Parliament_
9. [Lucas Papademos is sworn as the Prime Minister of Greece. ](/news/2011/11/11/lucas-papademos-is-sworn-as-the-prime-minister-of-greece.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Lucas Papademos_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
