### [2012-02-1](/news/2012/02/1/index.md)

# England national football team and Chelsea captain John Terry faces charges at the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London that he used an ethnic slur against QPR defender Anton Ferdinand during a match in October. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo News Australia](http://au.news.yahoo.com/a/-/sport/12776909/chelsea-s-terry-faces-court-over-racism-allegations/)

### Related:

1. [The Football Association removes John Terry as captain of the England national football team over allegations of racial abuse of Anton Ferdinand during a match. ](/news/2012/02/3/the-football-association-removes-john-terry-as-captain-of-the-england-national-football-team-over-allegations-of-racial-abuse-of-anton-ferdi.md) _Context: Anton, England national football team, John Terry_
2. [Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE), a pan-European anti-racism group, reports England's football fans to FIFA over racist chants roared throughout last Friday's World Cup qualifying match in San Marino. Among the chants were songs referring to the IRA and Second World War and a ditty calling for Anton and Rio Ferdinand to be tossed on a bonfire. England face a heavy fine as punishment and the prospect of further sanctions, such as playing qualifiers behind closed doors. ](/news/2013/03/28/football-against-racism-in-europe-fare-a-pan-european-anti-racism-group-reports-england-s-football-fans-to-fifa-over-racist-chants-roare.md) _Context: Anton, England national football team_
3. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., London_
4. [John Terry is found not guilty of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand. ](/news/2012/07/13/john-terry-is-found-not-guilty-of-racially-abusing-anton-ferdinand.md) _Context: Anton, John Terry_
5. [UEFA Euro 2012:UEFA Euro 2012's off-day is dominated by the fall-out of yesterday's ghost goal scored by Ukraine against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the additional assistant beside the goal. ](/news/2012/06/20/uefa-euro-2012-puefa-euro-2012-s-off-day-is-dominated-by-the-fall-out-of-yesterday-s-ghost-goal-scored-by-ukraine-against-england-with-john.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
6. [UEFA Euro 2012:The debate surrounding goal-line technology resurfaces as co-hosts Ukraine are denied an apparent goal in controversial circumstances against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the fifth official beside the goal. Wayne Rooney's header in the second half carries England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. ](/news/2012/06/19/uefa-euro-2012-pthe-debate-surrounding-goal-line-technology-resurfaces-as-co-hosts-ukraine-are-denied-an-apparent-goal-in-controversial-circ.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
7. [Thousands of people gather in London for an open-top bus parade to celebrate Chelsea's UEFA Champions League victory over Munich in last night's final. ](/news/2012/05/20/thousands-of-people-gather-in-london-for-an-open-top-bus-parade-to-celebrate-chelsea-s-uefa-champions-league-victory-over-munich-in-last-nig.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., London_
8. [In the UEFA Champions League semi-final, Chelsea pull off a remarkable comeback against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou, coming back from two goals down despite having captain John Terry sent off, central defender Gary Cahill injured in the opening minutes and Didier Drogba's concession of a penalty to Lionel Messi which hits the crossbar. Chelsea are left without the suspended quartet of Terry, Ramires, Branislav Ivanovic and Raul Meireles for the final at the Allianz Arena. ](/news/2012/04/24/in-the-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-chelsea-pull-off-a-remarkable-comeback-against-fc-barcelona-at-the-camp-nou-coming-back-from-two-g.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., John Terry_
9. [John Terry, the captain of the England football team is to face criminal charges over allegations he used racist language towards a black player during a Premier League game. ](/news/2011/12/21/john-terry-the-captain-of-the-england-football-team-is-to-face-criminal-charges-over-allegations-he-used-racist-language-towards-a-black-pl.md) _Context: England national football team, John Terry_
10. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
