### [2012-02-1](/news/2012/02/1/index.md)

# The State Senate in the US state of Washington passes legislation allowing same sex marriage in the state. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News via ''Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/kcpq-washington-state-senate-to-vote-on-samesex-marriage-bill-today-20120131,0,6402489.story)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Washington_
2. [The death toll in yesterday's attack rises to five people with the assailant captured in Oak Harbor, Washington. ](/news/2016/09/24/the-death-toll-in-yesterday-s-attack-rises-to-five-people-with-the-assailant-captured-in-oak-harbor-washington.md) _Context: Washington_
3. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Washington_
4. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill  that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
5. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about-his-opposition-to-same-sex-marriag.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [The Seattle City Council  unanimously votes  to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becom.md) _Context: Washington_
8. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) new policy states those in a same-sex marriage are to be considered apostates, and children living in a same-sex household may not be blessed as babies, or baptized until they are 18. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-mormon-new-policy-states-those-in-a-same-sex-marriage-are-to-be-considered-apostates-and.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
9. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Washington_
10. [In the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, a windstorm with gusts as high as {{convert|119|mph|kph}} kills 4 people and leaves more than 1 million without electricity; some rivers in Western Washington also experience moderate to severe flooding. Washington Governor Jay Inslee declares a state of emergency after the storm, requesting federal assistance with cleanup efforts. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-pacific-northwest-region-of-the-united-states-a-windstorm-with-gusts-as-high-as-convert-119-mph-kph-kills-4-people-and-leaves-mo.md) _Context: Washington_
