### [2012-12-10](/news/2012/12/10/index.md)

# Baghdadi Mahmudi, a former Prime Minister of Libya, under Muammar Gaddafi, goes on trial in Tripoli charged with "acts that led to the unjust killing of Libyans". 




### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/1719477/Gaddafis-last-PM-on-trial-in-Libya)

### Related:

1. [The President of Tunisia, Moncef Marzouki, states that Tunisia is prepared to extradite former Prime Minister of Libya Baghdadi Mahmudi to Tripoli to face charges of abuse of office, if the Libyan government can guarantee a fair trial. ](/news/2012/01/2/the-president-of-tunisia-moncef-marzouki-states-that-tunisia-is-prepared-to-extradite-former-prime-minister-of-libya-baghdadi-mahmudi-to-t.md) _Context: Baghdadi Mahmudi, Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
2. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
3. [Post-civil war violence in Libya:The Prime Minister of Libya Ali Zeidan is kidnapped from a hotel in Tripoli but later released. ](/news/2013/10/10/post-civil-war-violence-in-libya-pthe-prime-minister-of-libya-ali-zeidan-is-kidnapped-from-a-hotel-in-tripoli-but-later-released.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
4. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
5. [The British government pays PS2.23 million to the family of Sami al-Saadi, who with his wife and young children, was abducted with the help of MI-6, forced onto a plane and secretly flown to Tripoli, where he was tortured for years by the security police of the former dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-british-government-pays-aps2-23-million-to-the-family-of-sami-al-saadi-who-with-his-wife-and-young-children-was-abducted-with-the-help.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
6. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
7. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-pthe-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-call.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
8. [Former Libyan rebels who fought to topple Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 launch an attack on the interim Prime Minister Abdurrahim El-Keib's office in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2012/05/8/former-libyan-rebels-who-fought-to-topple-muammar-gaddafi-in-2011-launch-an-attack-on-the-interim-prime-minister-abdurrahim-el-keib-s-office.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
9. [The interim Prime Minister of Libya Mahmoud Jibril confirms the presence of chemical weapons in Libya under the Gaddafi regime and announces that weapons inspectors would be visiting the country to help get rid of them. ](/news/2011/10/30/the-interim-prime-minister-of-libya-mahmoud-jibril-confirms-the-presence-of-chemical-weapons-in-libya-under-the-gaddafi-regime-and-announces.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
