### [2012-12-10](/news/2012/12/10/index.md)

# Japan goes on full alert as North Korea announces it has delayed its launch of a long range Unha rocket until 29 December. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jgbYYFM76LyXsUZpYU9QovK-UTvQ)
2. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2012-12-09-NKorea-Rocket%20Launch/id-72a54c399df54ecaa92547776795ce77)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/12/2012121051932763881.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan-North Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-north-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
2. [Japan-North Korea relations. Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
4. [Japan-North Korea relations. Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-inc.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-North Korea relations, North Korea_
5. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea has installed an Unha rocket at its Dongchang-ri launch site. Japan is threatening to shoot down the rocket if it manages to stay airborne and threaten Japanese territory. ](/news/2012/12/3/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-has-installed-an-unha-rocket-at-its-dongchang-ri-launch-site-japan-is-threatening.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Unha_
6. [North Korea successfully launches a long-range Unha rocket to put its first satellite into space, the aim of what critics say is a disguised ballistic missile test. The United Nations condemns the action. ](/news/2012/12/12/north-korea-successfully-launches-a-long-range-unha-rocket-to-put-its-first-satellite-into-space-the-aim-of-what-critics-say-is-a-disguised.md) _Context: North Korea, Unha, launches_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
