### [2012-12-10](/news/2012/12/10/index.md)

# The NHL announces the cancellation of the 2012-13 regular-season schedule through 30 December due to the 2012 NHL lockout. 

The National Hockey League (NHL) canceled another two weeks of the regular season on Monday, wiping out all games through December 30 due to a labor dispute with locked-out players that threatens to wipe out the entire campaign.


### Source:

1. [NHL](http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=647344)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/10/csports-us-nhl-labor-idCABRE8B50BI20121210)

### Related:

1. [The NHL announces the cancellation of the 2012-13 regular-season schedule through 14 January due to the 2012 NHL lockout bringing the total to 625 games, more than 50 percent of the entire schedule. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-nhl-announces-the-cancellation-of-the-2012a13-regular-season-schedule-through-14-january-due-to-the-2012-nhl-lockout-bringing-the-tota.md) _Context: 2012 NHL lockout, 2012–13 NHL season, NHL_
2. [The NHL cancels all games through 14 December, plus the 2013 NHL All-Star Game scheduled for 27 January in Columbus, Ohio, due to the 2012 NHL lockout. ](/news/2012/11/24/the-nhl-cancels-all-games-through-14-december-plus-the-2013-nhl-all-star-game-scheduled-for-27-january-in-columbus-ohio-due-to-the-2012-n.md) _Context: 2012 NHL lockout, NHL_
3. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: NHL_
4. [New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur is credited with his third NHL goal when Jordan Staal of Carolina Hurricanes accidentally put the puck in his own empty net. ](/news/2013/03/21/new-jersey-devils-goaltender-martin-brodeur-is-credited-with-his-third-nhl-goal-when-jordan-staal-of-carolina-hurricanes-accidentally-put-th.md) _Context: NHL_
5. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-s-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-in-a-shooutout-for-the-blackhawks-sixteenth-con.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season_
6. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season_
7. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season_
8. [Former Executive Director of the NHLPA Paul Kelly reveals that the NHL wants to expand the league to 32 teams in the next 2-3 years, most likely to Quebec City and Toronto. ](/news/2013/01/30/former-executive-director-of-the-nhlpa-paul-kelly-reveals-that-the-nhl-wants-to-expand-the-league-to-32-teams-in-the-next-2a3-years-most.md) _Context: NHL_
9. [In ice hockey, a shortened 48-game (per team) 2012-13 NHL season begins today with 13 Saturday games after the end of the 119-day lockout. ](/news/2013/01/19/in-ice-hockey-a-shortened-48-game-per-team-2012a13-nhl-season-begins-today-with-13-saturday-games-after-the-end-of-the-119-day-lockout.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season_
10. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League Players' Association overwhelmingly votes to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement reached with the league. NHL training camps are scheduled to open on January 13, with a shortened 48-game regular season to begin on January 19. ](/news/2013/01/12/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-overwhelmingly-votes-to-ratify-a-new-collective-bargaining-agreement-reached.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season_
