### [2004-09-5](/news/2004/09/5/index.md)

#  Two large earthquakes strike western Japan, the first measuring 6.9 and the second 7.3 on the Richter scale. Tsunamis 1&ndash;2 m (3&ndash;7&nbsp;ft) are expected to hit the Pacific coast. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=564&ncid=716&e=15&u=/nm/20040905/ts_nm/quake_japan_dc)

### Related:

1. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
2. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake: The death toll from a magnitude 8.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in the Solomon Islands rises to nine, while government officials express fear regarding remote areas where emergency personnel are arriving. ](/news/2013/02/7/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunami-in-the-solomon-islands-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
3. [A tsunami warning is issued for a wide range of islands in the South Pacific after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2013/02/6/a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-for-a-wide-range-of-islands-in-the-south-pacific-after-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-the-so.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
4. [A strong earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurs off the coast of Japan near the city of Kamaishi, prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a tsunami warning. 10 people are taken to hospital with injuries, no fatalities reported. ](/news/2012/12/7/a-strong-earthquake-of-magnitude-7-3-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-near-the-city-of-kamaishi-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-i.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
5. [A series of two earthquakes, the second quake measuring magnitude 7.3, hit New Britain in Papua New Guinea. A tsunami warning is issued but later retracted. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-series-of-two-earthquakes-the-second-quake-measuring-magnitude-7-3-hit-new-britain-in-papua-new-guinea-a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-but.md) _Context: earthquakes, tsunami_
6. [ A series of earthquakes, the strongest being 6.1 magnitude, strikes the Okinawa island chain of Japan. A tsunami warning is issued but later cancelled. ](/news/2007/04/20/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-strongest-being-6-1-magnitude-strikes-the-okinawa-island-chain-of-japan-a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-but-late.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
7. [ An earthquake measuring 8.1 on the Richter scale occurs at 11:14:19 UTC on the Pacific Ocean seafloor with an epicentre 390 kilometres (244 miles) east of Etorofu island (latitude 46.7 North, longitude 153.5 East). Tsunami warnings and watches are issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and the East Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center. After expectations of a tsunami at least 2 metres (6 feet) high, the largest wave to hit Hokkaido measures only 40 centimetres (16 inches).](/news/2006/11/15/an-earthquake-measuring-8-1-on-the-richter-scale-occurs-at-11-14-19-utc-on-the-pacific-ocean-seafloor-with-an-epicentre-390-kilometres-244.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
8. [ A 7.0 magnitude earthquake hits Japan's southernmost main island of Kyushu. Japan's Meteorological Agency emits warnings for tsunamis that could hit areas including the coast of Kyushu. ](/news/2005/03/19/a-7-0-magnitude-earthquake-hits-japan-s-southernmost-main-island-of-kya-sha-japan-s-meteorological-agency-emits-warnings-for-tsunamis-tha.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
9. [ Japan Meteorological Agency issues tsunami warnings near the Izu island chain south of Tokyo after a strong undersea earthquake (6.8 on the Richter scale). ](/news/2005/01/19/japan-meteorological-agency-issues-tsunami-warnings-near-the-izu-island-chain-south-of-tokyo-after-a-strong-undersea-earthquake-6-8-on-the.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
10. [ Natural disaster: An earthquake of magnitude 8.0 struck near the island of Hokkaido in Japan at 19:50:07 (UTC). A 7 ft tsunami was generated off the coast of Hokkaido as a result of the quake and tsunami warnings have been issued for most of the Pacific Rim, including Japan, Russia's eastern coast, Alaska, and Hawaii.](/news/2003/09/25/natural-disaster-an-earthquake-of-magnitude-8-0-struck-near-the-island-of-hokkaido-in-japan-at-19-50-07-utc-a-7-ft-tsunami-was-generate.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
