### [2003-10-24](/news/2003/10/24/index.md)

#  2003 invasion of Iraq: The US Senate Committee on Intelligence finalizes its report on pre-war intelligence and is highly critical of George Tenet and the quality of US intelligence about Iraq's weapons.




### Related:

1. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq: Responding to criticism that pre-war intelligence gathering was faulty, CIA director George Tenet states that analysts had never presented Saddam Hussein's Iraq as an "imminent threat" in the years immediately preceding the coalition invasion. Tenet states that an overall "objective assessment" for policymakers of a ""brutal dictator who was continuing his efforts to deceive and build programs"" that might ""surprise"" and "threaten" US interests was outlined in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate.](/news/2004/02/5/2003-invasion-of-iraq-responding-to-criticism-that-pre-war-intelligence-gathering-was-faulty-cia-director-george-tenet-states-that-analys.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George Tenet_
2. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
3. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
4. [The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-confirms-it-has-spent-22-7-million-settling-claims-from-205-iraqis-alleging-abuse-by-british-troops-following-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
5. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
6. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
7. [The Iraqi cilivian death toll due to violence has fallen to just under 4,000 in 2010, the lowest since the 2003 invasion of Iraq according to the Iraq Body Count.](/news/2010/12/29/the-iraqi-cilivian-death-toll-due-to-violence-has-fallen-to-just-under-4-000-in-2010-the-lowest-since-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-according-t.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
8. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
9. [Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. ](/news/2010/06/30/lord-jay-permanent-under-secretary-at-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-ahead-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-tells-the-iraq-inquiry-he-fel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
10. [ Oil company Royal Dutch Shell wins the right to develop Iraq's Majnoon oil field in a joint venture with Petronas after the first such auction since the 2003 invasion. The field is expected to generate $900 million a year. ](/news/2009/12/11/oil-company-royal-dutch-shell-wins-the-right-to-develop-iraq-s-majnoon-oil-field-in-a-joint-venture-with-petronas-after-the-first-such-auct.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
