### [2003-10-24](/news/2003/10/24/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The body of the Hamas militant killed in the attack on an Israeli military camp (that killed three Israeli soldiers) is returned to his family in their refugee camp.




### Related:

1. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing-a-palestinian-suspected-of-sta.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [An Israeli is stabbed by a fellow Israeli Jew, because he is mistaken for an Arab. ](/news/2015/10/15/an-israeli-is-stabbed-by-a-fellow-israeli-jew-because-he-is-mistaken-for-an-arab.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [The Israeli Air Force strikes targets in the Gaza Strip in response to ongoing rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2014/01/31/the-israeli-air-force-strikes-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-ongoing-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [President Obama gives a speech in support of the Arab Spring during which he states that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must include Israel reverting its borders back to the pre-1967 borders.](/news/2011/05/19/president-obama-gives-a-speech-in-support-of-the-arab-spring-during-which-he-states-that-the-solution-to-the-israeli-palestinian-conflict-mu.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [The government in the West Bank is largely ready to govern a Palestinian state, a United Nations report claims. ](/news/2011/04/13/the-government-in-the-west-bank-is-largely-ready-to-govern-a-palestinian-state-a-united-nations-report-claims.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
