### [2012-03-26](/news/2012/03/26/index.md)

# The United States and China agree to co-ordinate their responses if a proposed North Korean rocket launch commences. 

China and the US will co-ordinate their response to a controversial North Korean rocket launch, the White House says, as Korea tensions rise.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-17509349)

### Related:

1. [2016 North Korean nuclear test. The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday. Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-resch.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
2. [2016 North Korean nuclear test. The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-u.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
3. [China says that United States plans to bolster missile defences in response to provocations by North Korea would only intensify antagonism, and urges Washington to act prudently. ](/news/2013/03/18/china-says-that-united-states-plans-to-bolster-missile-defences-in-response-to-provocations-by-north-korea-would-only-intensify-antagonism.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
4. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
5. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
6. [ Nuclear envoys from North Korea, China and the United States meet to discuss North Korea's nuclear program. ](/news/2006/11/28/nuclear-envoys-from-north-korea-china-and-the-united-states-meet-to-discuss-north-korea-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
7. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United States_
8. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China, United States_
9. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: China, United States_
10. [North Korea-United States relations. American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
