### [2006-04-18](/news/2006/04/18/index.md)

#  The New York Stock Exchange is in merger talks with London Stock Exchange. If the merger went ahead, it would create a stock exchange giant. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://go.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=businessNews&storyID=1185759&section=finance&src=rss/uk/businessNews)

### Related:

1. [ Share prices continue to fall in Asian markets as a consequence of the subprime mortgage crisis with South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines hardest hit. [http:--www.nytimes.com-2007-08-16-business-worldbusiness-16cnd-asiastox.html?ex=1344916800&en=dac5d9f1aa5e015b&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss (NYT)] The Bank of Japan injects 400 billion yen into its money market. [http:--www.iht.com-articles-ap-2007-08-16-business-AS-FIN-ECO-Japan-Central-Bank.php (AP via IHT)] The FTSE 100 falls below 6,000 points in trading in the morning session on the London Stock Exchange while other European markets fall as well. [http:--www.marketwatch.com-news-story-story.aspx?guid=%7B43AF92BD%2DFF7E%2D4930%2D9227%2D742118725674%7D&siteid=rss (Market Watch)] [http:--www.chron.com-disp-story.mpl-ap-fn-5058642.html (AP via Houston Chronicle)] The Dow Jones Industrial Average sees a late recovery in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier losing 340 points. [http:--www.marketwatch.com-News-Story-Story.aspx?guid={C6C65094-55FC-435D-A603-513F6EEE9203} (Market Watch)] The iBovespa falls by 3,500 points in the afternoon session on the SGBPo Paulo Stock Exchange. Brazil's stock market recorded its biggest one-day drop since the September 11, 2001 attacks. [http:--www.reuters.com-article-marketsNews-idUKN1635924120070816?rpc=44 (Reuters)] BSE Sensex falls by 642.70 points on a single day trade due to global factors. The fall is the second biggest in recent times. ](/news/2007/08/16/share-prices-continue-to-fall-in-asian-markets-as-a-consequence-of-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis-with-south-korea-indonesia-and-the-philipp.md) _Context: London Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange_
2. [The head of the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority Andrew Bailey admits to meeting oil giant Saudi Aramco over a potential GBP1.5 trillion listing on the London Stock Exchange. The regulator has been criticised for proposing changes to listing rules to accommodate sovereign-owned companies. ](/news/2017/10/13/the-head-of-the-united-kingdom-s-financial-conduct-authority-andrew-bailey-admits-to-meeting-oil-giant-saudi-aramco-over-a-potential-gbp1-5.md) _Context: London Stock Exchange_
3. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: London Stock Exchange_
4. [The British pound and FTSE 100 Index for the London Stock Exchange both fall in trading as early results from the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum show a stronger than expected result for Leave. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-british-pound-and-ftse-100-index-for-the-london-stock-exchange-both-fall-in-trading-as-early-results-from-the-united-kingdom-european-un.md) _Context: London Stock Exchange_
5. [The New York Stock Exchange stops trading for nearly four hours due to a technical error. ](/news/2015/07/8/the-new-york-stock-exchange-stops-trading-for-nearly-four-hours-due-to-a-technical-error.md) _Context: New York Stock Exchange_
