### [2003-01-22](/news/2003/01/22/index.md)

#  The RIAA, a music industry lobbying group, announces that Hilary Rosen will step down as head of the organization at the end of 2003. Rosen achieved notoriety on the Internet for her prolific efforts to halt the spread of copyrighted MP3 recordings on peer-to-peer file sharing networks such as Napster and Kazaa. Reports indicate that the members of the RIAA are unhappy with Rosen's nearly total failure to achieve this goal.




### Related:

1. [ The recording industry wins a key victory with a court in the U.S. state of Minnesota finding that a woman was liable for damages of $220,000 for sharing copyrighted music online through Kazaa. ](/news/2007/10/4/the-recording-industry-wins-a-key-victory-with-a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-minnesota-finding-that-a-woman-was-liable-for-damages-of-220-0.md) _Context: Kazaa, copyright_
2. [A jury finds in favor of video game publisher ZeniMax Media after the trial of its copyright lawsuit against Oculus and Facebook, regarding virtual reality coding. ](/news/2017/02/1/a-jury-finds-in-favor-of-video-game-publisher-zenimax-media-after-the-trial-of-its-copyright-lawsuit-against-oculus-and-facebook-regarding.md) _Context: copyright_
3. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Internet_
4. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: Internet_
5. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Internet_
6. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank. The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-in.md) _Context: Internet_
7. [American sportscaster Erin Andrews is awarded $55 million damages after a stranger, in 2008, secretly recorded her in the nude through a hotel door peephole, and posted the video on the Internet. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-sportscaster-erin-andrews-is-awarded-55-million-damages-after-a-stranger-in-2008-secretly-recorded-her-in-the-nude-through-a-hot.md) _Context: Internet_
8. [Warner/Chappell Music agrees to return $14 million collected in copyright fees for the song "Happy Birthday to You" which a federal judge ruled in September belongs in the public domain. ](/news/2016/02/9/warner-chappell-music-agrees-to-return-14-million-collected-in-copyright-fees-for-the-song-happy-birthday-to-you-which-a-federal-judge-ru.md) _Context: copyright_
9. [The French data protection authority and the independent watchdog CNIL cite Facebook for breaching privacy laws by the collection and transfer of 30 million users' Internet data, and by tracking non-users. Companies are no longer protected by the International Safe Harbor pact that was ruled illegal last October. ](/news/2016/02/8/the-french-data-protection-authority-and-the-independent-watchdog-cnil-cite-facebook-for-breaching-privacy-laws-by-the-collection-and-transf.md) _Context: Internet_
10. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Internet_
