### [2009-09-17](/news/2009/09/17/index.md)

#  Colombia says it would consider quitting UNASUR if the bloc does not agree to debate issues related to drug trafficking, terrorism and arms purchases. 

Colombia could consider quitting the South American Nations Union, Unasur, if the block does not agree to debate issues related to drug trafficking, terrorism and arms purchases. There is a lack of &ldquo;sensitivity&rdquo; from other members to consider these issues.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/09/17/isolated-colombia-seriously-considering-abandoning-unasur)

### Related:

1. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-pvenezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-presiden.md) _Context: Colombia, Union of South American Nations_
2. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Colombia, Union of South American Nations_
3. [ The UNASUR summit opens in Quito to discuss issues such as Venezuela's "ethics responsibility" clause, Colombian military bases and the Honduras crisis. ](/news/2009/08/10/the-unasur-summit-opens-in-quito-to-discuss-issues-such-as-venezuela-s-aethics-responsibilitya-clause-colombian-military-bases-and-the.md) _Context: Colombia, Union of South American Nations_
4. [ Tomas Medina Caracas (known by his nom de guerre "Negro Acacio"), one of FARC's most important leaders and the liaison between this Colombian guerrilla and Brazilian drug dealers, is killed in action by Colombian armed forces in Guaviare. ](/news/2007/09/3/toma-s-medina-caracas-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-negro-acacio-one-of-farc-s-most-important-leaders-and-the-liaison-between-this-colomb.md) _Context: Colombia, anti-drug plan_
5. [ The leaders of Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia and Spain meet in Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela. They agree to resist drug trafficking, terrorism and poverty. ](/news/2005/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-venezuela-colombia-and-spain-meet-in-ciudad-guayana-venezuela-they-agree-to-resist-drug-trafficking-terrorism-an.md) _Context: Colombia, terrorism_
6. [At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. ](/news/2017/06/25/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-about-30-others-are-missing-after-their-multi-story-tourist-boat-carrying-about-170-people-sinks-in-a.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five.  ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-and-injures-at-least-1.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Colombia_
