### [2009-11-20](/news/2009/11/20/index.md)

#  FIFA turns down the Football Association of Ireland's request for a rematch between France and Republic of Ireland, after a controversial handball decided the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification playoff between the two countries. 

A replay of the controversial World Cup play-off match between France and the Republic of Ireland is out of the question, the French Football Federation insisted.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/SPORT/football/11/20/football.fifa.ireland.cowen/index.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1120/ireland.html)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Hand-Of-Gaul-No-Replay-Of-Ireland-France-World-Cup-Play-Off-After-Henry-Handball-Says-Fifa/Article/200911315459101?lpos=World_News_News_Your_Way_Region_9&lid=NewsYourWay_ARTICLE_15459101_Hand_Of_Gaul%3A_No_Replay_Of_IrelandFrance_World_Cup_Play-Off_After_Henry_Handball%2C_Says_Fifa)

### Related:

1. [ Irish politicians, including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, call for a controversial football playoff for the 2010 FIFA World Cup between France and Republic of Ireland to be replayed as the Football Association of Ireland lodges an official complaint with FIFA. ](/news/2009/11/19/irish-politicians-including-taoiseach-brian-cowen-call-for-a-controversial-football-playoff-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-between-france-an.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA, Football Association of Ireland, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
2. [ Protestors gather at the French Embassy in Dublin in a continuation of the dispute with FIFA over the controversial handball incident in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match between France and Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2009/11/21/protestors-gather-at-the-french-embassy-in-dublin-in-a-continuation-of-the-dispute-with-fifa-over-the-controversial-handball-incident-in-th.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
3. [ The France national football team beat the Republic of Ireland at the Stade de France to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup finals in South Africa, with Thierry Henry admitting after the game that he committed handball in the move leading to the decisive goal. ](/news/2009/11/18/the-france-national-football-team-beat-the-republic-of-ireland-at-the-stade-de-france-to-qualify-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-finals-in-sout.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
4. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter rejects criticism of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/07/11/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-rejects-criticism-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
5. [2010 FIFA World Cup: The managing director of the French Football Federation, Jean-Louis Valentin, quits after the France national football team participates in a public row with him and then a boycott during the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/20/2010-fifa-world-cup-the-managing-director-of-the-french-football-federation-jean-louis-valentin-quits-after-the-france-national-football.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French_
6. [FIFA receives a complaint about its security after a football fan breaks into the dressing room of the England national football team during a 2010 FIFA World Cup game in which the team were booed in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/18/fifa-receives-a-complaint-about-its-security-after-a-football-fan-breaks-into-the-dressing-room-of-the-england-national-football-team-during.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
7. [FIFA says it will assist Al Jazeera Sports in its investigation of the 2010 FIFA World Cup signal sabotage. ](/news/2010/06/13/fifa-says-it-will-assist-al-jazeera-sports-in-its-investigation-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-signal-sabotage.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
8. [Footballer Thierry Henry is booed by his own fans each time he touches the ball in his first game for France since his handball controversy against Ireland last November, with his own manager expressing doubt about his recent performances for the first time. ](/news/2010/03/4/footballer-thierry-henry-is-booed-by-his-own-fans-each-time-he-touches-the-ball-in-his-first-game-for-france-since-his-handball-controversy.md) _Context: French, Republic of Ireland_
9. [ FIFA, the world governing body for association football, announce after an emergency session of their Executive Committee, that following the controversy over the Thierry Henry handball incident, it will set up an inquiry into the use of extra officials or technology, but any changes will not be implemented for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Wikinews](/news/2009/12/2/fifa-the-world-governing-body-for-association-football-announce-after-an-emergency-session-of-their-executive-committee-that-following-t.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
10. [2015 FIFA corruption case: FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-o.md) _Context: FIFA_
