### [2013-10-15](/news/2013/10/15/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Israeli army finds a second tunnel laden with explosives dug from the Gaza Strip into Israel and proceeds to destroy it. 

The passageway, running east from the Strip into Israel, is part of a larger complex discovered in 2012 and the second find in as many weeks 


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/10/15/israeli-military-says-it-has-found-destroyed-second-tunnel-dug-from-gaza-strip/)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/idf-finds-blows-up-explosives-laden-tunnel-from-gaza/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [An Israeli court rules that Israel is not responsible for the death of American activist Rachel Corrie at the hands of an Israeli Army bulldozer in the Gaza Strip in 2003. ](/news/2012/08/28/an-israeli-court-rules-that-israel-is-not-responsible-for-the-death-of-american-activist-rachel-corrie-at-the-hands-of-an-israeli-army-bulld.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Army_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overn.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict. An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Operation Autumn Clouds: A female Palestinian suicide bomber has blown herself up in a Gaza Strip town, killing herself and injuring an Israeli soldier, the Israeli army says. ](/news/2006/11/6/operation-autumn-clouds-a-female-palestinian-suicide-bomber-has-blown-herself-up-in-a-gaza-strip-town-killing-herself-and-injuring-an-isr.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Army_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
