### [2005-08-15](/news/2005/08/15/index.md)

#  Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Canada.com](http://www.canada.com/news/world/story.html?id=d92f6c87-4c9e-439a-85af-d6259776b3ef)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4150028.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israel completes the unilateral disengagement from all settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank. [http://olympics.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-08-23T153244Z_01_MOL349068_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4177364.stm (BBC)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/616333.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/israel-completes-the-unilateral-disengagement-from-all-settlements-in-the-gaza-strip-and-four-in-the-west-bank-http-olympics-reuters-co.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank, unilateral disengagement_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
3. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
4. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
5. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
6. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
7. [President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas speaks of the possibility of dissolving the Authority if Israel continues its construction on occupied Palestinian land in the West Bank, saying there is little point remaining "the president of an authority that doesn't exist". ](/news/2010/12/4/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-speaks-of-the-possibility-of-dissolving-the-authority-if-israel-continues-its-construct.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
8. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
9. [The Israeli settlement freeze ends at 22.00 (GMT), should Israel restart construction of buildings on the West Bank the peace talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas are expected to end. ](/news/2010/09/26/the-israeli-settlement-freeze-ends-at-22-00-gmt-should-israel-restart-construction-of-buildings-on-the-west-bank-the-peace-talks-with-pal.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
10. [Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations General Assembly, where he states that Palestinians desire "a comprehensive and just" peace agreement and requests that Israel cease its policy of building settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/25/mahmoud-abbas-addresses-the-united-nations-general-assembly-where-he-states-that-palestinians-desire-a-comprehensive-and-just-peace-agree.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
