### [2005-08-15](/news/2005/08/15/index.md)

#  Many countries celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the Victory in the Pacific and the end of World War II. Beijing holds an arts performance gala. In Japan, in a large-scale ceremony led by the Emperor Akihito, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi apologizes for people's suffering Japan caused during World War II. The ceremony was met with scattered protests. 




### Source:

1. [BBC China](http://news.bbc.co.uk/chinese/simp/hi/newsid_4150000/newsid_4152100/4152122.stm)
2. [Xinhua](http://www.gx.xinhuanet.com/dtzx/2005-08/15/content_4885879.htm)

### Related:

1. [Countries around the world commemorate the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/08/15/countries-around-the-world-commemorate-the-end-of-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Victory over Japan Day, World War II_
2. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, World War II_
3. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces plans to withdraw his country's troops from Iraq.  The 600 soldiers had been deployed to Iraq in 2004 to aid in reconstruction and sparked controversy in Japan, as it was the most ambitious overseas deployment by Japan since World War II. ](/news/2006/06/20/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-plans-to-withdraw-his-country-s-troops-from-iraq-the-600-soldiers-had-been-deployed-t.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, World War II_
4. [ Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni shrine which honors Japan's war dead including 14 Class A war criminals of World War II. This is Koizumi's fifth visit to Yasukuni since taking office in 2001. (CNN)](/news/2005/10/16/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-which-honors-japan-s-war-dead-including-14-class-a-war-criminals-of-wo.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, World War II_
5. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, World War II_
6. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
7. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
8. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: World War II_
9. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
