### [2014-10-14](/news/2014/10/14/index.md)

# The President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Artur Mas i Gavarro, drops plans for a referendum on independence on November 9 from Spain following opposition from the Constitutional Court of Spain. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-10-13/catalan-president-to-seek-alternative-as-vote-gets-blocked)

### Related:

1. [Catalan independence. The newly appointed President of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, vows to continue his predecessor Artur Mas i Gavarro's plans to secede from Spain within 18 months. ](/news/2016/01/10/catalan-independence-the-newly-appointed-president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-vows-to-continue-his-predecessor-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-s.md) _Context: Artur Mas i Gavarro, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Spain_
2. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain, Spain_
3. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain, Spain_
4. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Spain_
5. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
6. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [Salvador Dali. The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Basque conflict. In Spain, the Basque separatist group ETA announces that it will fully disarm by April 8, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/17/basque-conflict-in-spain-the-basque-separatist-group-eta-announces-that-it-will-fully-disarm-by-april-8-2017.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Europol reports a total of more than 10,000 assault rifles and 400 shelling weapons were seized in northern Spain during an anti-trafficking operation in January. ](/news/2017/03/14/europol-reports-a-total-of-more-than-10-000-assault-rifles-and-400-shelling-weapons-were-seized-in-northern-spain-during-an-anti-trafficking.md) _Context: Spain_
