### [2002-03-3](/news/2002/03/3/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian sniper firing from a hill near Ofra kills seven Israel Defense Forces soldiers and three Israeli settlers, and wounds another six. He is later captured and imprisoned for life.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jewish settlement_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jewish settlement, Ofra_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. ](/news/2011/03/8/israeli-troops-and-settlers-open-fire-upon-palestinians-in-the-west-bank-while-they-repaired-orchards-previously-attacked-by-settlers-injur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Jewish settlement_
5. [Israel Defense Forces soldiers kill a Palestinian man attempting to enter the Israeli settlement of Barkan. ](/news/2010/07/23/israel-defense-forces-soldiers-kill-a-palestinian-man-attempting-to-enter-the-israeli-settlement-of-barkan.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Jewish settlement_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: for the first time, a Katyusha rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip. The IDF says the attack is a "clear escalation". ](/news/2006/03/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-for-the-first-time-a-katyusha-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-the-idf-says-the-attack-is-a-clear-escal.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-is-seriously-wounded-and-later-dies-of-his-wounds-in-an-overnight-arrest-rai.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An investigation by B'Tselem and Haaretz casts doubt on the IDF version of events which left 5 Palestinians, including 3 minors, dead in Tulkarm on August 24. IDF Chief of Staff Dan Halutz announces that he will open an investigation, and Colonel Kobi Barak declares that the operation was a "Failure". ](/news/2005/09/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-investigation-by-b-tselem-and-haaretz-casts-doubt-on-the-idf-version-of-events-which-left-5-palestinians.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Jewish settlement_
10. [ An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-in.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
