### [2013-02-9](/news/2013/02/9/index.md)

# 2013 Bangladesh protests: In Bangladesh, mass protests continue, with over 100,000 peacefully congregating and demanding the death penalty for the atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. 

Hundreds of thousands rally in Bangladesh to demand the death penalty for a political leader convicted of war crimes from the 1971 independence war.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21383632)

### Related:

1. [2013 Bangladesh protests: In Bangladesh, over 100,000 people join in a mass movement to demand justice for atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/02/8/2013-bangladesh-protests-in-bangladesh-over-100-000-people-join-in-a-mass-movement-to-demand-justice-for-atrocities-committed-during-the-b.md) _Context: 2013 Bangladesh protests, Bangladesh, atrocities, independence war_
2. [2013 Bangladesh protests:: At least 35 people are killed across Bangladesh in violent demonstrations sparked when Islamic political leader Delwar Hossain Sayeedi was sentenced to death for war crimes. ](/news/2013/02/28/2013-bangladesh-protests-at-least-35-people-are-killed-across-bangladesh-in-violent-demonstrations-sparked-when-islamic-political-leader-d.md) _Context: 2013 Bangladesh protests, Bangladesh, death penalty_
3. [The head of Bangladesh-s largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-head-of-bangladesh-s-largest-islamist-party-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-motiur-rahman-nizami-is-executed-for-his-alleged-role-in-act.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
4. [Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country-s 1971 war of independence. ](/news/2015/11/22/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-of-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-ali-ahsan-mohamm.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
5. [Bangladesh hangs Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, for committing atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/12/12/bangladesh-hangs-abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-for-committing-atrocities-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
6. [Bangladeshi politician Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury is sentenced to death for war crimes including murder, torture, and genocide for his atrocities in the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/10/1/bangladeshi-politician-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-is-sentenced-to-death-for-war-crimes-including-murder-torture-and-genocide-for-his-atro.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
7. [A Bangladesh war crimes tribunal sentences Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, Secretary General of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami political party, to death for atrocities committed during the Bangladesh Liberation War. ](/news/2013/07/17/a-bangladesh-war-crimes-tribunal-sentences-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-secretary-general-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-political-party.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
8. [A war crimes tribunal finds Bangladeshi ex-politician Ghulam Azam, former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, guilty of war crimes during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/07/15/a-war-crimes-tribunal-finds-bangladeshi-ex-politician-ghulam-azam-former-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-guilty-of-war-crimes-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, independence war_
9. [In Bangladesh, thousands of protesters call for blasphemy laws that would include death penalty for bloggers who insult Islam, the majority religion of the country. ](/news/2013/04/6/in-bangladesh-thousands-of-protesters-call-for-blasphemy-laws-that-would-include-death-penalty-for-bloggers-who-insult-islam-the-majority.md) _Context: Bangladesh, death penalty_
10. [2013 Bangladesh protests:: At least 16 people die in clashes in Bangladesh as a strike organized by Jamaat-e-Islami begins. ](/news/2013/03/3/2013-bangladesh-protests-at-least-16-people-die-in-clashes-in-bangladesh-as-a-strike-organized-by-jamaat-e-islami-begins.md) _Context: 2013 Bangladesh protests, Bangladesh_
