### [2013-02-9](/news/2013/02/9/index.md)

# February 2013 nor'easter: The death toll from a massive blizzard across the Northeastern United States and southeastern Canada rises to at least 15, with 40 inches of snow reported from Hamden, Connecticut. More than 900,000 customers lost power at the height of the storm, while airports in the region cancelled over 5,300 flights. 

A record-breaking blizzard packing hurricane-force winds hammered the northeastern United States on Saturday, cutting power to 700,000 homes and businesses, shutting down travel and leaving at least five people dead.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/09/us-usa-weather-idUSBRE91611P20130209)

### Related:

1. [February 2013 nor'easter: A massive blizzard hits the northeastern United States and southeastern regions of Canada, with over 5,000 flights cancelled and at least 600,000 thousand people losing power. ](/news/2013/02/8/february-2013-nor-easter-a-massive-blizzard-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-regions-of-canada-with-over-5-000-flights.md) _Context: Canada, February 2013 nor'easter, Northeastern United States, blizzard_
2. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
3. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
4. [February 2017 North American blizzard: A major blizzard hits the northeastern United States, cancelling more than 2,400 flights. ](/news/2017/02/9/february-2017-north-american-blizzard-a-major-blizzard-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-cancelling-more-than-2-400-flights.md) _Context: Northeastern United States, blizzard_
5. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
6. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
7. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Connecticut, United States_
9. ["Star Wars: The Force Awakens" becomes the highest-grossing film ever in the United States and Canada, overtaking "Avatar". ](/news/2016/01/6/star-wars-the-force-awakens-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-ever-in-the-united-states-and-canada-overtaking-avatar.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
10. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
