### [2013-02-9](/news/2013/02/9/index.md)

# Former Canadian navy intelligence officer Jeffrey Delisle is jailed for 20 years after pleading guilty to selling classified NATO information to Russia. 

A Canadian navy intelligence officer is sentenced to 20 years in prison after pleading guilty to selling classified Nato information to Russia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-21389790)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
3. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations: Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [Operation Atlantic Resolve: 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
7. [2016 Warsaw summit: NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [Finland-Russia relations: Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/finland-russia-relations-following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-th.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [Canada announces that it will deploy 1,000 soldiers of the Canadian Armed Forces to Latvia to bolster one of the four NATO battalions stationed there. ](/news/2016/07/1/canada-announces-that-it-will-deploy-1-000-soldiers-of-the-canadian-armed-forces-to-latvia-to-bolster-one-of-the-four-nato-battalions-statio.md) _Context: Canada, NATO_
10. [NATO-Russia relations: NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-russia-relations-nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-nato-russia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
