### [2013-02-9](/news/2013/02/9/index.md)

# UK Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Owen Paterson holds a summit with British retailers and the Food Standards Agency to ask how "beef" products containing horse meat were sold in supermarkets. 

Retailers will now carry out &quot;more and tougher testing&quot; of beef products in the wake of widespread horsemeat contamination, the environment secretary says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21391891)

### Related:

1. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: Britain's Food Standards Agency says that 100kg of horse meat imported from Hungary and labelled as beef has been discovered in Lancashire. ](/news/2013/03/22/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-britain-s-food-standards-agency-says-that-100kg-of-horse-meat-imported-from-hungary-and-labelled-as-beef-has.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, Food Standards Agency, beef, horses for meat_
2. [Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/18/food-giant-nestle-removes-its-beef-pasta-meals-from-supermarkets-in-france-spain-and-italy-after-tests-confirmed-that-the-product-contain.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, beef, horses for meat, supermarket chain_
3. [The British catering firm Compass Group and hotel chain Whitbread both identify horse meat in products sold as beef. ](/news/2013/02/15/the-british-catering-firm-compass-group-and-hotel-chain-whitbread-both-identify-horse-meat-in-products-sold-as-beef.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, United Kingdom, beef, horses for meat_
4. [Frozen food manufacturer Findus withdraws its beef lasagne ready meals after tests showed the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/7/frozen-food-manufacturer-findus-withdraws-its-beef-lasagne-ready-meals-after-tests-showed-the-product-contained-horse-meat.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
5. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: Ikea withdraws Swedish meatballs from sale in 14 countries after tests in the Czech Republic revealed traces of horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/25/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-ikea-withdraws-swedish-meatballs-from-sale-in-14-countries-after-tests-in-the-czech-republic-revealed-traces.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
6. [2013 meat adulteration scandal:German authorities find horse meat in lasagne sold in Germany, as in Italy further tests will be conducted soon. ](/news/2013/02/14/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-pgerman-authorities-find-horse-meat-in-lasagne-sold-in-germany-as-in-italy-further-tests-will-be-conducted-s.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
7. [Russia lifts a 16-year ban on the import of British beef and lamb. British farmers had been stopped from exporting to Russia following the 1996 BSE outbreak in the UK, despite the lifting of a worldwide ban in 2006. ](/news/2012/11/22/russia-lifts-a-16-year-ban-on-the-import-of-british-beef-and-lamb-british-farmers-had-been-stopped-from-exporting-to-russia-following-the-1.md) _Context: United Kingdom, beef_
8. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, United Kingdom_
9. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [A United Kingdom court blocks a PS14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-aps14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
