### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Amnesty International says the Nigerian Army killed 350 members of the Islamic Movement and secretly buried them in mass graves in the city of Zaria in Kaduna State. 

Amnesty International report says military shot and burned members of Islamic Movement in Nigeria last December and secretly buried the bodies


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/22/nigerian-army-killed-350-secretly-buried-bodies-amnesty-says)

### Related:

1. [Nigerian soldiers kill at least 12 people and injure dozens more in a clash with followers  of Shi'a cleric Ibrahim Zakzaky's Islamic movement in the northern town of Zaria. The army says the crowd  surged towards General Tukur Buratai's convoy, some firing and attempting to kill Buratai. Afterward, the Nigerian Army and  the Islamic Movement accuse each other of instigating the attacks. ](/news/2015/12/12/nigerian-soldiers-kill-at-least-12-people-and-injure-dozens-more-in-a-clash-with-followers-of-shi-a-cleric-ibrahim-zakzaky-s-islamic-moveme.md) _Context: Islamic Movement in Nigeria, Nigerian Army, Zaria_
2. [Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
3. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
4. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
5. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
6. [ Amnesty International criticizes a Saudi court decision to impose the death sentence on 15 people in a case involving 32 people including 30 Saudis, one Iranian and one Afghan national in an alleged Iranian spy cell. ](/news/2016/12/6/amnesty-international-criticizes-a-saudi-court-decision-to-impose-the-death-sentence-on-15-people-in-a-case-involving-32-people-including-3.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
7. [Amnesty International reports Nigerian security forces have killed more 150 pro-Biafra demonstrators since August 2015. ](/news/2016/11/24/amnesty-international-reports-nigerian-security-forces-have-killed-more-150-pro-biafra-demonstrators-since-august-2015.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [At least nine Shia pilgrims have been killed and several injured after police opened fire on a religious procession by the Islamic Movement in Nigeria in the city of Kano, Nigeria. ](/news/2016/11/14/at-least-nine-shia-pilgrims-have-been-killed-and-several-injured-after-police-opened-fire-on-a-religious-procession-by-the-islamic-movement.md) _Context: Islamic Movement in Nigeria_
9. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his  belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-damboa-borno-state-a-s.md) _Context: Nigerian Army_
