### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. 

RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — A new elevated bike path that was heralded as a top legacy project of the Rio de Janeiro Olympics collapsed Thursday, killing at least two people. The accident on the Tim Maia bike path was the latest…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c6782f6aeee84005a1b2d8ac621e596a/bike-lane-brazil-built-ahead-olympics-collapses)
2. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world/elevated-bike-lane-for-rio-olympics-collapses-killing-at-least-2/story-WrfggNlpf4mzCr4A14dBGI.html)
3. [AP² via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/brazil-bicycle-lane-collapse-olympics-host-city-rio-de-janeiro/)

### Related:

1. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [Contractors and suppliers for the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games claim they are owed millions in unpaid debts. ](/news/2016/11/28/contractors-and-suppliers-for-the-rio-de-janeiro-olympic-games-claim-they-are-owed-millions-in-unpaid-debts.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village  because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-f.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for  the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil_
10. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
