### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. 

Twenty-four people died after a leak caused a deadly petrochemical plant blast, and the death toll could still rise, Mexican oil giant Pemex said on Thursday, the latest in a series of fatal accidents to batter the company.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2fc052b98c0d407081c9749158f75a01/24-dead-mexico-petrochemical-plant-blast-8-still-missing)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mexico-pemex-idUSKCN0XH2N2)

### Related:

1. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: Gulf, Mexico, PEMEX_
2. [ A storm in the Gulf of Mexico kills 18 Mexican oil workers fleeing an oil rig, with Navy rescue teams trying to reach survivors. ](/news/2007/10/24/a-storm-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-kills-18-mexican-oil-workers-fleeing-an-oil-rig-with-navy-rescue-teams-trying-to-reach-survivors.md) _Context: Gulf, Mexico, PEMEX_
3. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's  Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is  expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-m.md) _Context: Gulf, Mexico_
4. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
5. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf, PEMEX_
6. [Mexico's Congress passes a bill that will allow foreign investment in its state-run oil company, Pemex. The measure still requires the approval of a majority of the country's federal entities. date=December 2013](/news/2013/12/12/mexico-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-will-allow-foreign-investment-in-its-state-run-oil-company-pemex-the-measure-still-requires-the-appro.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
7. [Torre Ejecutiva Pemex explosion: A blast at Torre Ejecutiva Pemex, the headquarters of Pemex in Mexico City, Mexico, kills 36 and injures 126 people. ](/news/2013/01/31/torre-ejecutiva-pemex-explosion-a-blast-at-torre-ejecutiva-pemex-the-headquarters-of-pemex-in-mexico-city-mexico-kills-36-and-injures-12.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
8. [Mexican marines kill 4 gunmen who tried to steal the body of Angel Enrique Uscanga, a drug boss, in Gulf coast state of Veracruz. ](/news/2012/12/30/mexican-marines-kill-4-gunmen-who-tried-to-steal-the-body-of-angel-enrique-uscanga-a-drug-boss-in-gulf-coast-state-of-veracruz.md) _Context: Gulf, Mexico_
9. [Thieves tapping a Pemex oil pipeline cause a diesel fuel spill south of Tijuana in Mexico. ](/news/2011/02/9/thieves-tapping-a-pemex-oil-pipeline-cause-a-diesel-fuel-spill-south-of-tijuana-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
10. [Hurricane Karl becomes a Category 2 hurricane as it heads across Mexico's offshore oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/09/16/hurricane-karl-becomes-a-category-2-hurricane-as-it-heads-across-mexico-s-offshore-oil-wells-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf, Mexico_
