### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Australia-Philippines relations, Philippines-United States relations: Philippine presidential election, 2016: Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/130271-duterte-cut-ties-australia-us)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in.md) _Context: Australia, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte reneges on his apology and denies a statement by his party, PDP-Laban, which said he was sorry for his rape comments. ](/news/2016/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-philippine-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-reneges-on-his-apology-and-denies-a-statement-by-h.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Rodrigo Duterte apologizes for making remarks about rape. ](/news/2016/04/19/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-apologizes-for-making-remarks-about-rape.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
5. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
6. [Marawi crisis: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/marawi-crisis-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-thi.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
7. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
8. [Australia-United States relations: Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-united-states-relations-australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
9. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
10. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
