### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Philippines-United Kingdom relations: Philippines-United States relations: The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. 

MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The United States and Britain have warned their citizens to stay away from a southern Philippine region where suspected Muslim extremists are behind a wave of kidnappings, including those of…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c8cd8bd4e674446c88881732bc4d87d4/us-britain-warn-citizens-stay-south-philippine-area)

### Related:

1. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Britain, Philippines, United States_
2. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
3. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
4. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
5. ["My Family's Slave": A controversial piece written in "The Atlantic" magazine about the Filipino servant caste and the Filipino American family involved in it triggers a debate in both the Philippines and the United States. ](/news/2017/05/22/my-family-s-slave-a-controversial-piece-written-in-the-atlantic-magazine-about-the-filipino-servant-caste-and-the-filipino-american-fam.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
6. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
7. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO-an American and a Swede-are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monusco-an-american-and-a-swede-are-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: United States, kidnapped_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
10. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine Drug War: United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
