### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Philippine general election, 2016. Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he shot a fellow law student at San Beda College. The victim, Octavio Goco, who was also a Lex Talionis fraternity brother of Duterte, survived the assault. Duerte was not allowed to participate in his graduation ceremony. 

The presidential bet regales a crowd in Iloilo with a story of how he shot a fellow San Beda law student who picked on him because he was Bisaya


### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/780836/law-student-duterte-shot-frat-brod-on-campus-in-72)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/130284-duterte-shot-bully-san-beda-student)

### Related:

1. [Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Philippine general election, 2016 CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-phi.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Philippine general election, 2016. Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippine-general-election-2016-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-asid.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Martial law in the Philippines. The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippines-United States relations. History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War. Balangiga massacre. During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/martial-law-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-pr.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Freedom of speech in the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/freedom-of-speech-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
