### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he shot a fellow law student at San Beda College. The victim, Octavio Goco, who was also a Lex Talionis fraternity brother of Duterte, survived the assault. Duerte was not allowed to participate in his graduation ceremony. 

The presidential bet regales a crowd in Iloilo with a story of how he shot a fellow San Beda law student who picked on him because he was Bisaya


### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/780836/law-student-duterte-shot-frat-brod-on-campus-in-72)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/130284-duterte-shot-bully-san-beda-student)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/612F469A6EA84F6BAE882D2B94A4B421/img/6B4093F05E7F4132947F4A714DAE372F/20160421-duterte-iloilo-01.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-mayor-rodrigo-duterte-with-a-command.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-aside-the-philippine-claim-on-the-spratly-islands-and-forge-better-economic-relation.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwide.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Speaking to government workers at the presidential palace in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte orders police to kill his eldest son, Paulo Duterte, if drug trafficking allegations against him are proven true, and adds that those who carried out the execution would be protected from prosecution. ](/news/2017/09/20/speaking-to-government-workers-at-the-presidential-palace-in-manila-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-police-to-kill-his-eldest-son-paulo-d.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-after-numerous.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
