### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. 

At least six high-ranking Pakistani army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked amid corruption allegations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36099794)

### Related:

1. [Chief of Army Staff (Pakistan). Genral Raheel Sharif took over the command of army chief of Pakistan Army.](/news/2013/11/29/chief-of-army-staff-pakistan-genral-raheel-sharif-took-over-the-command-of-army-chief-of-pakistan-army.md) _Context: Chief of Army Staff, Pakistan army, Raheel Sharif_
2. [Pakistani army Chief of Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani orders an investigation into a video showing the firing squad execution of 6 blindfolded Pakistanis by men dressed in what appear to be Pakistani army uniforms. ](/news/2010/10/8/pakistani-army-chief-of-staff-general-ashfaq-parvez-kayani-orders-an-investigation-into-a-video-showing-the-firing-squad-execution-of-6-blin.md) _Context: Chief of Army Staff, Pakistan army_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing. A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan. In response to yesterday's bombing at the Shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar that killed 88 people, the Pakistan Army claims to have killed more than 100 terrorists and arrested many others. ](/news/2017/02/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-in-response-to-yesterday-s-bombing-at-the-shrine-of-lal-shahbaz-qalandar-that-killed-88-people-the-pakistan-arm.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
9. [Kashmir conflict. At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Pakistan army_
10. [2016 Turkish purges. Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-turkish-purges-turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-relat.md) _Context: terrorism_
