### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, takes off from Kalaeloa, Hawaii, USA, on the ninth leg of its around-the-world journey. This portion of the trip will cover 2,542 nautical miles and, in about three days, is scheduled to touch down in Mountain View, California. The journey originated in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on March 9, 2015, and, after another 8,130 nmi, will complete the circle when it lands in Abu Dhabi. 

KAPOLEI, Hawaii (AP) — A solar plane on an around-the-world journey has reached the point of no return over the Pacific Ocean after departing Hawaii, and now it&#039;s California or bust. The plane was cruising over the cold…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2cae34c09e754fd39833492dbbc2a0fa/crew-prepares-fly-solar-plane-hawaii-california)

### Related:

1. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, lands safely in  Seville, Spain, shortly after 7.30 a.m. local time after a flight of just over 71 hours.   The 15th leg of the round-the-world journey  had been expected to take up to 90 hours. ](/news/2016/06/23/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-lands-safely-in-seville-spain-shortly-after-7-30-a-m-local-time-after-a-flight-of-just.md) _Context: Solar Impulse 2, sun_
2. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey,  a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: Solar Impulse 2, sun_
3. [Solar-powered aircraft Solar Impulse 2 lands in Mountain View, California after a 62-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean from Hawaii. ](/news/2016/04/23/solar-powered-aircraft-solar-impulse-2-lands-in-mountain-view-california-after-a-62-hour-flight-across-the-pacific-ocean-from-hawaii.md) _Context: Mountain View, California, Solar Impulse 2_
4. [Israel will open a diplomatic mission to the International Renewable Energy Agency (Irena), the headquarters of which are located near the capital of the United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi.  Israel will be the first Irena member to open such a mission; other member nations work Irena relations from their missions to the UAE, which Israel does not have. ](/news/2015/11/30/israel-will-open-a-diplomatic-mission-to-the-international-renewable-energy-agency-irena-the-headquarters-of-which-are-located-near-the-c.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
6. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy will open a military base in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2009/05/26/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-will-open-a-military-base-in-abu-dhabi-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-kidnapping-eight-sri-lank.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
