### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# The European Union cancels mediation talks on resolving the political crisis in Macedonia after that country's main political opposition, led by Zoran Zaev, declined to take part. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/eu-cancels-macedonia-crisis-talks-vienna/27688808.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Union announces it is considering imposing sanctions on Macedonia's leaders for reneging on an agreement last year to investigate corruption in the ruling class and issuing an amnesty instead to those involved. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-european-union-announces-it-is-considering-imposing-sanctions-on-macedonia-s-leaders-for-reneging-on-an-agreement-last-year-to-investiga.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, EU, Macedonian_
2. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, Macedonian_
3. [Macedonian opposition leader Zoran Zaev pledges to boycott the early Macedonian parliamentary elections, saying it is due to a lack of government reforms. ](/news/2016/04/8/macedonian-opposition-leader-zoran-zaev-pledges-to-boycott-the-early-macedonian-parliamentary-elections-saying-it-is-due-to-a-lack-of-gover.md) _Context: Macedonian, Zoran Zaev_
4. [Protests continue against President Gjorge Ivanov in Skopje, Macedonia. Opposition leader Zoran Zaev said he will only take part in EU-brokered negotiations with the government if certain conditions are met. ](/news/2016/04/20/protests-continue-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-in-skopje-macedonia-opposition-leader-zoran-zaev-said-he-will-only-take-part-in-eu-broke.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, Zoran Zaev_
5. [Protests against President Gjorge Ivanov continue in Skopje, the capital of Macedonia, after his decision to pardon politicians involved in a scandal. ](/news/2016/04/18/protests-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-continue-in-skopje-the-capital-of-macedonia-after-his-decision-to-pardon-politicians-involved-in.md) _Context: 2016 Macedonian protests, Macedonian_
6. [As protesters continue to take to the streets of Skopje, Macedonia, lawmakers confirmed that a snap election will take place on June 5 despite the protesters being angry at President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to halt investigations into more than 50 public figures, including top politicians embroiled in a wire-tapping scandal. Zoran Zaev, the main opposition leader, vowed to boycott the election. ](/news/2016/04/16/as-protesters-continue-to-take-to-the-streets-of-skopje-macedonia-lawmakers-confirmed-that-a-snap-election-will-take-place-on-june-5-despi.md) _Context: Macedonian, Zoran Zaev_
7. [The European Union and the United States advise interim Macedonian Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev to postpone elections scheduled for April 24, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-european-union-and-the-united-states-advise-interim-macedonian-prime-minister-emil-dimitriev-to-postpone-elections-scheduled-for-april-2.md) _Context: EU, Macedonian_
8. [Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrants-from-crossing-over-the.md) _Context: EU, Macedonian_
9. [ The United States recognizes the Republic of Macedonia under its constitutional name rather than the name "former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia" used by the United Nations, the first major foreign policy move by the re-elected Bush administration. The move outrages Greece, who had the European Union's support in lobbying against recognition since Macedonia's independence in 1991. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-united-states-recognizes-the-republic-of-macedonia-under-its-constitutional-name-rather-than-the-name-former-yugoslav-republic-of-mace.md) _Context: EU, Macedonian_
10. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
