### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/ukraine-bans-russian-movies-national-security/27688221.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strategi.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
2. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
3. [The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-on-sunday.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
4. [The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-help-separatists-in-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
5. [Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says that Russia now formally recognizes Petro Poroshenko as the legitimate President of Ukraine in the hope that Poroshenko will "live up to Russia's trust." ](/news/2014/08/25/russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-says-that-russia-now-formally-recognizes-petro-poroshenko-as-the-legitimate-president-of-ukraine-in-t.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
6. [The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-from-entering-the-country-t.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
7. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
8. [Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in-the-crimean-peninsula-next-month-for-the-firs.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
9. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
10. [The Ukrainian parliament votes to ban all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving "national security"; more than 430 Russian films and TV series fall under the new measures. Last month, the State Committee in Television and Radio-broadcasting in Ukraine removed 15 Russian TV channels from being broadcast in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-ukrainian-parliament-votes-to-ban-all-russian-films-released-after-january-1-2014-saying-the-move-is-aimed-at-improving-anational-se.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
