### [2016-04-21](/news/2016/04/21/index.md)

# United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9bd3e46e93214e63b7fefc3090200d81/obama-gulf-allies-meet-saudi-arabia-discuss-security)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-gulf-obama-summit-idUSKCN0XI0UB)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Obama, U.S. President, United States_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, Obama, U.S. President, United States_
3. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Middle East, Syria_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the U.S. will send an additional 250 troops to fight ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-u-s-will-send-an-additional-250-troops-to-fight-isil-in-syria.md) _Context: ISIL, Obama, Syria, U.S. President_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: ISIL, Obama, Syria, U.S. President_
6. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Obama, Syria, United States_
7. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: ISIL, Iran, Iraq, Syria_
8. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Syria, United States_
9. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq, Syria, United States_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Gulf Cooperation Council, Iran, Obama, U.S. President_
