### [2012-09-17](/news/2012/09/17/index.md)

# Swedish forensic scientists find no conclusive evidence of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange's DNA in a torn condom submitted by one of his alleged rape victims. The condom had been a key piece of evidence in Sweden's case against Assange. 

A ripped condom given to Swedish police by one of Julian Assange’s accusers does not contain the WikiLeaks founder’s DNA, forensic scientists have reportedly found.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/assange-condom-no-dna-277/)
2. [IANS via ''Deccan Herald](http://www.deccanherald.com/content/279089/assange-sex-case-no-dna.html)

### Related:

1. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
2. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
3. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
4. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [Stand-off between Ecuador and Britain over Julian Assange:British police mass near the Ecuadorean embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange resides, after Britain threatens to use force to extract him. ](/news/2012/08/16/stand-off-between-ecuador-and-britain-over-julian-assange-pbritish-police-mass-near-the-ecuadorean-embassy-where-wikileaks-founder-julian-as.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [WikiLeaks begins publishing the Syria Files, more than two million emails from Syrian political figures, ministries and associated companies, dating from August 2006 to March 2012, which WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange claims are embarrassing to Syria, but also to Syria's opponents. ](/news/2012/07/5/wikileaks-begins-publishing-the-syria-files-more-than-two-million-emails-from-syrian-political-figures-ministries-and-associated-companies.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [A representative for WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange declines a Metropolitan Police order to surrender himself at a police station, instead electing to remain in Ecuador's London embassy until he is granted asylum. ](/news/2012/06/29/a-representative-for-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-declines-a-metropolitan-police-order-to-surrender-himself-at-a-police-station.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
