### [2012-09-17](/news/2012/09/17/index.md)

# The United States ambassador to the United Nations says there was no plot in the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi. 

The protest in Libya that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans last week appears to have begun spontaneously and was &quot;hijacked&quot; by 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Mainichi Shimbun](http://mainichi.jp/english/english/newsselect/news/20120917p2g00m0in075000c.html)
2. [AP via ''Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/news/nation/u-s-ambassador-no-plot-in-libya-attack-1.4008878)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-19620529#)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.newsday.com/img/blog-share-nd.jpg)

### Related:

1. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
2. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
3. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
4. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
5. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
7. [The United States rejects the invitation of Iran by the United Nations in peace talks involving Syria. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-states-rejects-the-invitation-of-iran-by-the-united-nations-in-peace-talks-involving-syria.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
8. [North Korea demands an end to United Nations sanctions on the country as a condition for dialogue with the United States. ](/news/2013/04/18/north-korea-demands-an-end-to-united-nations-sanctions-on-the-country-as-a-condition-for-dialogue-with-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
9. [Politicians in the United States begin a probe into the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11. Walid Faraj, a surviving witness of the attack, has not yet been interrogated. ](/news/2012/10/3/politicians-in-the-united-states-begin-a-probe-into-the-attack-on-the-u-s-consulate-in-benghazi-libya-on-september-11-walid-faraj-a-sur.md) _Context: United States, attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
10. [A United Nations investigator calls on the United States to justify its increasing use of drones against al-Qaeda and Taliban targets. ](/news/2012/06/19/a-united-nations-investigator-calls-on-the-united-states-to-justify-its-increasing-use-of-drones-against-al-qaeda-and-taliban-targets.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
