### [2012-09-17](/news/2012/09/17/index.md)

# United States and Japanese government officials agree to put a second missile defence system in Japan. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5idBEnwb7Uws7C6dLHrofAXCA_F3g?docId=fe0d402b22274784a347356eb4e5bc64)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
3. [Japan-United States relations. Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
6. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
7. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
8. [North Korea fires two mid-range ballistic missiles as the leaders of the United States, Japan and South Korea meet to discuss the security threat it poses to the region. ](/news/2014/03/26/north-korea-fires-two-mid-range-ballistic-missiles-as-the-leaders-of-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-to-discuss-the-security-t.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
9. [2014 Crimean crisis - Simferopol Incident. Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-simferopol-incident-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promo.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
10. [The United States agrees to a plan to return some land, used by the US Military's Futenma Airbase in Okinawa, to Japan. ](/news/2013/04/5/the-united-states-agrees-to-a-plan-to-return-some-land-used-by-the-us-military-s-futenma-airbase-in-okinawa-to-japan.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
