### [2013-05-3](/news/2013/05/3/index.md)

# Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/may/03/benazir-bhutto-prosecutor-shot-dead)

### Related:

1. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
2. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
3. [ Pakistani lawyers hold a protest rally in Islamabad to demand the reinstatement of judges sacked by the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/06/13/pakistani-lawyers-hold-a-protest-rally-in-islamabad-to-demand-the-reinstatement-of-judges-sacked-by-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-mushar.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
4. [ The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.date=December 2007 The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-date-december-2007-the-pr.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
5. [ President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan apologises for a police raid on Geo TV's offices in Islamabad the day before, with 14 police officers suspended for their alleged part in the incident. ](/news/2007/03/17/president-pervez-musharraf-of-pakistan-apologises-for-a-police-raid-on-geo-tv-s-offices-in-islamabad-the-day-before-with-14-police-officer.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
6. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [Pakistani police defuse a car bomb near a fortified farmhouse, where the former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf is under house arrest. ](/news/2013/04/23/pakistani-police-defuse-a-car-bomb-near-a-fortified-farmhouse-where-the-former-pakistan-president-pervez-musharraf-is-under-house-arrest.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is arrested at his home on charges relating to unlawful detention of judges in 2007. He was present at the court when the arrest warrant was issued on Thursday, but had left before the warrant was served. ](/news/2013/04/19/former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-arrested-at-his-home-on-charges-relating-to-unlawful-detention-of-judges-in-2007-he-was-pres.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
