### [2013-05-3](/news/2013/05/3/index.md)

# The Stockholm School of Economics, one of Sweden's most prestigious universities, is hit by scandal amidst revelation that top official Justin Jenk forged CMC documents about his conviction of insider trading in Greece. [http://www.di.se/artiklar/2013/5/3/toppchefen-pa-handels-domd-till-fangelse/ (''Dagens Industri'')] (Swedish)




### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Greece, Sweden_
2. [Rolf Wolff, president of the Stockholm School of Economics, is fired amidst a scandal where he promoted a convicted insider trader for a top position at the university and allegedly he lied about his academic credentials. ](/news/2013/05/16/rolf-wolff-president-of-the-stockholm-school-of-economics-is-fired-amidst-a-scandal-where-he-promoted-a-convicted-insider-trader-for-a-top.md) _Context: Stockholm School of Economics, insider trading_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-an.md) _Context: Greece, Sweden_
4. [ The Swedish Navy arrests seven Somali pirates during the attempted hijacking of a Greek ship. ](/news/2009/05/26/the-swedish-navy-arrests-seven-somali-pirates-during-the-attempted-hijacking-of-a-greek-ship.md) _Context: Greece, Sweden_
5. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Greece, Sweden_
6. [A vehicle is driven into a group of people on a street in Stockholm, Sweden, killing four people. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-vehicle-is-driven-into-a-group-of-people-on-a-street-in-stockholm-sweden-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Sweden_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [A bus carrying around 50 schoolchildren rolls over on a highway south of Sveg in the northern region of Harjedalen, Sweden, killing three people. ](/news/2017/04/2/a-bus-carrying-around-50-schoolchildren-rolls-over-on-a-highway-south-of-sveg-in-the-northern-region-of-ha-rjedalen-sweden-killing-three-p.md) _Context: Sweden_
9. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
10. [The government of Sweden submits a bill to the Riksdag to reintroduce conscription this summer in response to new global security challenges. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-government-of-sweden-submits-a-bill-to-the-riksdag-to-reintroduce-conscription-this-summer-in-response-to-new-global-security-challenges.md) _Context: Sweden_
