### [2013-05-3](/news/2013/05/3/index.md)

# United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.

Labour retains the South Shields parliamentary seat with a reduced majority as the UK Independence Party finishes second and makes big council gains.


### Source:

1. [BBC]¶The UK Independence Party wins 140 seats, achieving 25% of the votes in areas where it fielded candidates, the party's most significant results to date. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22382098 (BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21240025)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22393094)

### Related:

1. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
2. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
3. [The British Labour Party retains the seat of Barnsley Central following a by-election. The Lib Dems, who had come second at the 2010 general election slump to sixth place behind the British National Party and UKIP. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-british-labour-party-retains-the-seat-of-barnsley-central-following-a-by-election-the-lib-dems-who-had-come-second-at-the-2010-general.md) _Context: Labour Party, Liberal Democrats, UKIP_
4. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
5. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
6. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
8. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats_
10. [Labour wins all three by-elections contested in the UK on Thursday, including gaining Corby from the Conservatives. Andy Sawford is elected MP for Corby, Lucy Powell for Manchester Central and Stephen Doughty for Cardiff South and Penarth. ](/news/2012/11/16/labour-wins-all-three-by-elections-contested-in-the-uk-on-thursday-including-gaining-corby-from-the-conservatives-andy-sawford-is-elected.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party_
