### [2005-12-11](/news/2005/12/11/index.md)

#  Vengeance of Rain of Hong Kong, was crowned the World Racing Championship winner after winning the Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Cup at Sha Tin Racecourse [http://www.hkjc.com/english]




### Related:

1. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
2. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
3. [A 45-meter long escalator at Langham Place in Hong Kong malfunctions injuring at least 18 people. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-45-meter-long-escalator-at-langham-place-in-hong-kong-malfunctions-injuring-at-least-18-people.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
4. [Former Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang is sentenced to 20 months in prison for corruption, becoming the highest officeholder in Hong Kong's history to be convicted. ](/news/2017/02/22/former-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-donald-tsang-is-sentenced-to-20-months-in-prison-for-corruption-becoming-the-highest-officeholder-in-ho.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
5. [Former Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang, who is on trial for corruption, pleads not guilty to three charges of bribery and misconduct relating to a penthouse he leased in Shenzhen. ](/news/2017/01/3/former-hong-kong-chief-executive-donald-tsang-who-is-on-trial-for-corruption-pleads-not-guilty-to-three-charges-of-bribery-and-misconduct.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
6. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
7. [Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching are banned by China from taking office in Hong Kong over the oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/7/baggio-leung-and-yau-wai-ching-are-banned-by-china-from-taking-office-in-hong-kong-over-the-oath-taking-controversy.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
8. [In Hong Kong, police clash with protesters after more than 10,000 locals march against the Chinese government interpretation of the Basic Law in the Legislative Council oath-taking controversy. ](/news/2016/11/6/in-hong-kong-police-clash-with-protesters-after-more-than-10-000-locals-march-against-the-chinese-government-interpretation-of-the-basic-la.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
9. [Two Hong Kong Youngspiration party Legislative Council election victors  lose their appeal to take their seats in parliament by a High Court three-judge panel. Tomorrow, the High Court will hear the independence supporters' petition for a hearing by the Court of Final Appeal. ](/news/2016/11/30/two-hong-kong-youngspiration-party-legislative-council-election-victors-lose-their-appeal-to-take-their-seats-in-parliament-by-a-high-court.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
10. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
