### [2009-03-12](/news/2009/03/12/index.md)

#  American businessman Bernard Madoff pleads guilty to 11 charges surrounding his US$65-billion Ponzi scheme. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/7939847.stm)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
2. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
3. [Irving Picard, a court-appointed trustee liquidating the Madoff asset management firm, says that he has reached a settlement with the family of the late Stanley Chais, in connection with monies that had been funneled from California investors, through Chais, into Madoff's Ponzi scheme. ](/news/2016/10/28/irving-picard-a-court-appointed-trustee-liquidating-the-madoff-asset-management-firm-says-that-he-has-reached-a-settlement-with-the-family.md) _Context: Bernard Madoff, Ponzi scheme_
4. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
5. [Rite Aid, one of the largest chains of pharmacies in the United States, announces that it is purchasing EnvisionRx, a pharmacy benefits manager, from TPG Capital, for $2 billion. ](/news/2015/02/11/rite-aid-one-of-the-largest-chains-of-pharmacies-in-the-united-states-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-envisionrx-a-pharmacy-benefits-mana.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
6. [Authorities in the U.S. arrest Paul Konigsberg, an accountant, charging him with complicity in the Ponzi scheme of former New York financier Bernard Madoff, a scheme that unraveled in 2008. ](/news/2013/09/26/authorities-in-the-u-s-arrest-paul-konigsberg-an-accountant-charging-him-with-complicity-in-the-ponzi-scheme-of-former-new-york-financier.md) _Context: Bernard Madoff, Ponzi scheme_
7. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
8. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
9. [The People's Republic of China's only ratings house that grades sovereign entities, the Dagong Global Credit Rating Company, states that the United States is already defaulting on its debt by allowing the U.S. dollar to devalue against other currencies, diminishing the wealth of China as a U.S. creditor. ](/news/2011/06/10/the-people-s-republic-of-china-s-only-ratings-house-that-grades-sovereign-entities-the-dagong-global-credit-rating-company-states-that-the.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
10. [A United States bankruptcy judge orders Bank of America to return $500 million it seized from the bank accounts of the defunct Lehman Brothers trading firm a few weeks before Lehman declared bankruptcy in 2008. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-united-states-bankruptcy-judge-orders-bank-of-america-to-return-500-million-it-seized-from-the-bank-accounts-of-the-defunct-lehman-brothe.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
