### [2009-12-26](/news/2009/12/26/index.md)

#  A bomb squad in Reykjavk, Iceland, searches a diverted Lufthansa flight from Frankfurt, Germany, to Detroit, Michigan, United States, that carries a bag whose owner did not make it onto the plane. 

A Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) flighten route from Frankfurt to Detroit made an unscheduled landingin Iceland on Saturday after it was found to be carrying luggagewhose owner had not boarded the plane.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSLDE5BP08M20091226?type=marketsNews)

### Related:

1. [A brief lake effect snowsquall on Interstate 75 in Detroit, Michigan, United States, leads to a 30-car accident that leaves 3 dead and 15 injured. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-brief-lake-effect-snowsquall-on-interstate-75-in-detroit-michigan-united-states-leads-to-a-30-car-accident-that-leaves-3-dead-and-15-in.md) _Context: Detroit, Michigan, United States_
2. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Germany, United States_
3. [Volkswagen diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-diesel-emissions-cheating-scandal-volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-b.md) _Context: Germany, United States_
4. [St. Joseph courthouse shooting. At least three people die, including the shooter, in a shooting at the Berrien County courthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan. ](/news/2016/07/11/st-joseph-courthouse-shooting-at-least-three-people-die-including-the-shooter-in-a-shooting-at-the-berrien-county-courthouse-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
5. [A prosecutor in Michigan, United States, is considering whether the words of an African grey parrot could be used to try the woman accused of killing the pet parrot's owner. ](/news/2016/06/29/a-prosecutor-in-michigan-united-states-is-considering-whether-the-words-of-an-african-grey-parrot-could-be-used-to-try-the-woman-accused-o.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
6. [American agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology company Monsanto rejects an unsolicited $62 billion takeover bid by German pharmaceutical giant Bayer, saying the price was too low but adding that it remained -open to further talks.- ](/news/2016/05/24/american-agrochemical-and-agricultural-biotechnology-company-monsanto-rejects-an-unsolicited-62-billion-takeover-bid-by-german-pharmaceutic.md) _Context: Germany, United States_
7. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Detroit, Michigan_
8. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
9. [Cold War II. At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Germany, United States_
10. [Detroit, a city in which property values are among the lowest in the United States, is looking to reverse this. The Detroit Land Bank Authority is demolishing structures that are beyond repair and auction (bids start at $1,000) ones that are salvageable. ](/news/2015/11/27/detroit-a-city-in-which-property-values-are-among-the-lowest-in-the-united-states-is-looking-to-reverse-this-the-detroit-land-bank-author.md) _Context: Detroit, United States_
