### [2009-12-26](/news/2009/12/26/index.md)

#  It is confirmed that all nine missing crew members &mdash; six Filipinos and three Greeks &mdash; from yesterday's ship fire disaster off the coast of Venezuela are dead. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8430663.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Six Filipino sailors and three Greek officers are missing after fire engulfs a ship in an incident off the coast of Venezuela. ](/news/2009/12/25/six-filipino-sailors-and-three-greek-officers-are-missing-after-fire-engulfs-a-ship-in-an-incident-off-the-coast-of-venezuela.md) _Context: Greek, Philippines, Venezuela_
2. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to deter further democratic backsliding in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
3. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
4. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
