### [2003-10-7](/news/2003/10/7/index.md)

#  California recall: The state of California held a special election to decide whether to recall Governor Gray Davis, and, if so, who to replace him with. Also on the ballot: Proposition 53, the "California Twenty-First Century Infrastructure Investment Fund," and Proposition 54, the "Racial Privacy Initiative."




### Related:

1. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis_
2. [ California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger denies admiring Hitler. Arnold Schwarzenegger's denial comes days before the vote for the next governor of California.](/news/2003/10/3/california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-denies-admiring-hitler-arnold-schwarzenegger-s-denial-comes-days-before-the-vote-for-the-next-gov.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, gubernatorial elections_
3. [ 2003 California recall: Republican Darrell Issa, the person behind the effort of recall election of Gray Davis, quickly and without warning dropped out of the gubernatorial race.](/news/2003/08/7/2003-california-recall-republican-darrell-issa-the-person-behind-the-effort-of-recall-election-of-gray-davis-quickly-and-without-warning.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis_
4. [ 2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.](/news/2003/08/6/2003-california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-announces-he-will-run-for-governor-of-california-in-the-recall-election-of-gray-davis.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Gray Davis_
5. [Comoros authorities are counting ballots from Sunday's incident-free, presidential primary on Grande Comore island. The presidency rotates between the nation's three semi-autonomous islands, which also held gubernatorial elections. Provisional results are due Wednesday. Then, on April 10, 2016, the three leading candidates will vie in a runoff. ](/news/2016/02/22/comoros-authorities-are-counting-ballots-from-sunday-s-incident-free-presidential-primary-on-grande-comore-island-the-presidency-rotates-b.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
6. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
7. [Voters in Nigeria go to the polls for gubernatorial and state Assembly elections. At least nine people are killed in election day violence, most of them in Rivers State. ](/news/2015/04/11/voters-in-nigeria-go-to-the-polls-for-gubernatorial-and-state-assembly-elections-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-in-election-day-violence.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
8. [ Governor of Pando Leopoldo Fernandez is taken into custody by the armed forces, on charges of hiring hitmen to attack pro-government protesters. ](/news/2008/09/16/governor-of-pando-leopoldo-ferna-ndez-is-taken-into-custody-by-the-armed-forces-on-charges-of-hiring-hitmen-to-attack-pro-government-prote.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
9. [ The President of Bolivia Evo Morales approves recall elections for himself and the governors of the nine departments on August 10, 2008. ](/news/2008/05/12/the-president-of-bolivia-evo-morales-approves-recall-elections-for-himself-and-the-governors-of-the-nine-departments-on-august-10-2008.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
10. [ A suicide bomber kills seven people in the Nimruz Province of Afghanistan, including the son of governor Ghulam Dastageer. ](/news/2007/11/19/a-suicide-bomber-kills-seven-people-in-the-nimruz-province-of-afghanistan-including-the-son-of-governor-ghulam-dastageer.md) _Context: gubernatorial elections_
