### [2003-10-7](/news/2003/10/7/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
3. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
4. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
6. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
7. [ At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. ](/news/2016/05/12/a-twin-suicide-bombing-attack-at-a-police-station-in-baghdad-kills-five-people-yesterday-93-people-had-been-killed-and-165-injured-in-the-d.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
