### [2009-10-14](/news/2009/10/14/index.md)

#  Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan visits Turkey to attend a qualifying match between the nations for the FIFA World Cup. Turkish fans boo the Armenian anthem. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8307259.stm)

### Related:

1. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Serzh Sargsyan_
2. [The Constitutional Court of Armenia upholds the reelection of President Serzh Sargsyan in the recent presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-constitutional-court-of-armenia-upholds-the-reelection-of-president-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-recent-presidential-election.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Serzh Sargsyan_
3. [Official partial returns from the Armenian presidential election indicate that incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan will be reelected in a landslide with the leading Opposition candidate Raffi Hovannisian raising concerns about irregularities. ](/news/2013/02/19/official-partial-returns-from-the-armenian-presidential-election-indicate-that-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-will-be-reelected-in-a-lan.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Serzh Sargsyan_
4. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan expected to win. Independent observers including the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe have expressed concern about the conduct of the elections. ](/news/2013/02/18/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-expected-to-win-independent-observers.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Serzh Sargsyan_
5. [ Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan is elected as President in a contest hailed as largely democratic by OSCE and international monitors. ](/news/2008/02/20/armenian-prime-minister-serzh-sargsyan-is-elected-as-president-in-a-contest-hailed-as-largely-democratic-by-osce-and-international-monitors.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Serzh Sargsyan_
6. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017: Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
7. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approv.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
8. [Pope Francis, in his first speech upon arrival at the presidential palace of Serzh Sargsyan in the Armenian capital Yerevan, denounces the planned genocide of Armenians by Ottoman-era Turks a century ago, though the word "genocide" was not included in his prepared speech. ](/news/2016/06/24/pope-francis-in-his-first-speech-upon-arrival-at-the-presidential-palace-of-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-armenian-capital-yerevan-denounces-the-p.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
9. [Holy See-Turkey relations: Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/holy-see-turkey-relations-pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-rei.md) _Context: Armenia, Turkey_
10. [A Turkish court orders President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to pay 10,000 lira ($4,000) in compensation for the mental anguish caused to artist Mehmet Aksoy for having called his sculpture "Monument to Humanity" - meant to promote reconciliation between Turkey and Armenia - a "monstrosity" in 2011. ](/news/2015/03/3/a-turkish-court-orders-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-to-pay-10-000-lira-4-000-in-compensation-for-the-mental-anguish-caused-to-artist-m.md) _Context: Armenia, Turkey_
