### [2009-10-14](/news/2009/10/14/index.md)

#  Korean founder and leader of the worldwide Unification Church, Sun Myung Moon, holds a mass wedding ceremony for some 1,000 couples near Seoul. 

ASAN, South Korea (Reuters Life!) - The founder of the Unification Church, Sun Myung Moon, held his first mass wedding ceremony in years on Wednesday, blessi


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/lifestyleMolt/idUSTRE59D1H720091014)

### Related:

1. [Unification Church founder and self-proclaimed messiah Sun Myung Moon dies at the age of 92. ](/news/2012/09/2/unification-church-founder-and-self-proclaimed-messiah-sun-myung-moon-dies-at-the-age-of-92.md) _Context: Sun Myung Moon, Unification Church_
2. [Unification Church founder Sun Myung Moon is taken to hospital in grave condition due to complications of pneumonia and respiratory problems. ](/news/2012/08/15/unification-church-founder-sun-myung-moon-is-taken-to-hospital-in-grave-condition-due-to-complications-of-pneumonia-and-respiratory-problems.md) _Context: Sun Myung Moon, Unification Church_
3. [2016 South Korean protests. Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Seoul_
4. [2016 South Korean protests. South Koreans take to the streets en masse demanding the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amidst a corruption scandal. Around 1.5 million people rallied in the capital Seoul, while another 400,000 people demonstrated in provincial cities. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-south-korean-protests-south-koreans-take-to-the-streets-en-masse-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-amidst-a-corrupt.md) _Context: Seoul_
5. [2016 South Korean protests. As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-south-korean-protests-as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignat.md) _Context: Seoul_
6. [Choi Soon-sil gate. South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/choi-soon-sil-gate-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Seoul_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea-United States relations. In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-united-states-relations-in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens.md) _Context: Seoul_
8. [A gas explosion at a subway construction site near the South Korean capital Seoul kills four workers and injures ten more. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-gas-explosion-at-a-subway-construction-site-near-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-kills-four-workers-and-injures-ten-more.md) _Context: Seoul_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: Seoul_
10. [ North Korea - South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: Seoul_
