### [2010-08-22](/news/2010/08/22/index.md)

# A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". 




### Source:

1. [Buenos Aires News](http://www.buenosairesnews.net/story/675737)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/barak-to-u-s-france-take-steps-to-stop-lebanese-flotilla-1.309379)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/139706.html)
4. [euronews](http://www.euronews.net/2010/08/22/cypriots-deny-gaza-bound-ship-use-of-their-ports/)

### Related:

1. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Gaza Strip, Israel_
2. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Israel, United States_
3. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Bolivia, Gaza Strip, Israel_
4. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
5. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:. The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
6. [Israel asks the United Nations to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, with Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak saying "some organisation, probably backed by a terror organisation, (is) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza." ](/news/2010/06/22/israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-suspend-attempts-to-organise-an-international-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-with-israeli-defence-mi.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Gaza prepares a welcoming party to receive the flotilla of ships demonstrating against Israel's naval blockade, while the ships are delayed near Cyprus due to unsuccessful attempts to collect dozens of high-profile supporters from the island. ](/news/2010/05/29/israeli-palestinian-conflict-gaza-prepares-a-welcoming-party-to-receive-the-flotilla-of-ships-demonstrating-against-israel-s-naval-block.md) _Context: Cyprus, Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-a.md) _Context: Cyprus, Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [United States President Barack Obama is to ask the US Congress for an extra $200m in military aid to help Israel get a short-range rocket defence system called Iron Dome in place against mortar and rocket attacks from Gaza or Southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/05/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-is-to-ask-the-us-congress-for-an-extra-200m-in-military-aid-to-help-israel-get-a-short-range-rocket-de.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United States_
