### [2006-11-5](/news/2006/11/5/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Australia, John Howard, calls State Premiers to a crisis meeting to discuss the current drought and problems in the Murray-Darling Basin. 




### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200611/s1781385.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard states that the Murray-Darling Basin faces an "unprecedentedly dangerous" water shortage and that irrigation for farmers will be cut off unless there is significant rain in the next 6-8 weeks. ](/news/2007/04/19/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-states-that-the-murray-darling-basin-faces-an-unprecedentedly-dangerous-water-shortage-and-th.md) _Context: John Howard, Murray-Darling basin, Prime Minister of Australia_
2. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard proposes a constitutional referendum recognising indigenous Australians in the Australian constitution, if he is reelected. ](/news/2007/10/11/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-proposes-a-constitutional-referendum-recognising-indigenous-australians-in-the-australian-const.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
8. [  The President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard agree to six deals including an agreement whereby the PRC will purchase A$35 billion worth of liquefied natural gas from Woodside Petroleum. ](/news/2007/09/6/the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-agree-to-six-deals-including-an-agre.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
9. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
10. [ APEC: The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard puts an appeal on YouTube for people not to participate in violent protests this week. ](/news/2007/09/3/apec-p-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-puts-an-appeal-on-youtube-for-people-not-to-participate-in-violent-protests-this-week.md) _Context: John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia_
