### [2004-11-17](/news/2004/11/17/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4020921.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6843284&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Fallujah, Iraq, Marines, Ramadi, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: 42 primarily Shi'a parties release a statement saying a postponement of elections would be illegal. The U.S. military reports a U.S. soldier is killed by a roadside bomb in Duluiya north of Baghdad and that troops discover 17 more corpses in Mosul, raising the number found to at least 50 in two weeks. Hospital officials in Ramadi say two people are killed and three wounded when U.S. troops fire on suspected insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/28/conflict-in-iraq-42-primarily-shi-a-parties-release-a-statement-saying-a-postponement-of-elections-would-be-illegal-the-u-s-military-rep.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Mosul, Ramadi_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Mosul, Ramadi_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, Ramadi, car bomb_
6. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
7. [Iraqi insurgents kill 102 and injure over 200 people, mostly Iraqi civilians, in a series of suicide bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a planned US withdrawal. ](/news/2010/05/10/iraqi-insurgents-kill-102-and-injure-over-200-people-mostly-iraqi-civilians-in-a-series-of-suicide-bombings-from-mosul-to-basra-in-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Mosul_
8. [ A United States Marine Corps reservist is found guilty of killing an Iraqi soldier while they stood guard together in Fallujah. ](/news/2007/12/13/a-united-states-marine-corps-reservist-is-found-guilty-of-killing-an-iraqi-soldier-while-they-stood-guard-together-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Marines_
9. [ At least 130 people have died following insurgent attacks on the Iraqi cities of Kerbala and Ramadi. ](/news/2006/01/5/at-least-130-people-have-died-following-insurgent-attacks-on-the-iraqi-cities-of-kerbala-and-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Ramadi_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. ](/news/2005/12/2/conflict-in-iraq-10-u-s-marines-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attack-in-falluja.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, Marines_
