### [2004-11-17](/news/2004/11/17/index.md)

#  Death of Yasser Arafat: Le Monde reports that former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered from cirrhosis before dying. 




### Source:

1. [IOL, Ireland](http://212.2.162.45/news/story.asp?j=124432500&p=yz4433zx6&n=124433260)

### Related:

1. [A French probe into the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in 2004 closes without bringing any new information. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-french-probe-into-the-death-of-former-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-in-2004-closes-without-bringing-any-new-information.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
2. [Reports indicate that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had high levels of polonium in his body when he died. ](/news/2013/11/8/reports-indicate-that-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-had-high-levels-of-polonium-in-his-body-when-he-died.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
3. [The remains of Yasser Arafat are exhumed as part of an investigation into how the Palestinian leader died in November 2004. ](/news/2012/11/27/the-remains-of-yasser-arafat-are-exhumed-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-how-the-palestinian-leader-died-in-november-2004.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
4. [Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. ](/news/2012/11/24/palestinian-officials-announce-the-body-of-former-leader-yasser-arafat-will-be-exhumed-to-investigate-whether-his-death-in-paris-in-2004-was.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
5. [French officials open up a murder case in the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat following a "complaint against X" by his widow. ](/news/2012/08/28/french-officials-open-up-a-murder-case-in-the-death-of-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-following-a-complaint-against-x-by-his-widow.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, death_
6. [ Two bodyguards of former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) are killed as they exchange fire with masked Gunmen as Abbas pays a visit to a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City. ](/news/2004/11/14/two-bodyguards-of-former-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-abu-mazen-are-killed-as-they-exchange-fire-with-masked-gunmen-as-abbas.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Yasser Arafat's funeral procession is held in Cairo, Egypt. Arafat is given full military honours and his coffin is led by a horse-drawn carriage. Leaders of Muslim and Arab countries as well as other dignitaries attend, including Khaled Meshaal, head of Hamas, who is currently sought by Israel. ](/news/2004/11/11/yasser-arafat-s-funeral-procession-is-held-in-cairo-egypt-arafat-is-given-full-military-honours-and-his-coffin-is-led-by-a-horse-drawn-ca.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, death_
8. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, death_
9. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
