### [2004-11-17](/news/2004/11/17/index.md)

#  The British House of Lords passes a bill to allow same-sex couples to obtain civil partnerships. This is the final legislative hurdle for the bill, which is expected to receive Royal Assent later in the week.




### Related:

1. [ In the UK, the controversial Prevention of Terrorism Act 2005 was finally given Royal Assent after one of the longest ever sittings by the House of Lords.](/news/2005/03/11/in-the-uk-the-controversial-prevention-of-terrorism-act-2005-was-finally-given-royal-assent-after-one-of-the-longest-ever-sittings-by-the.md) _Context: House of Lords, Royal Assent_
2. [ City officials in San Francisco, California, start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, performing the first known civil marriage of a same-sex couple in the U.S. by marrying a lesbian couple, gay rights activists Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon. Over 80 couples whisked through quick ceremonies. Various conservative and other family groups, including the Campaign for California Families, plan to sue the mayor of San Francisco for violating California's marriage laws. The Family Research Council (FRC) states that ""It could not be clearer that the institution of marriage is under a direct assault by homosexual activists"". Virginia House of Delegates give preliminary approval to legislation that would ban the recognition of same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships.](/news/2004/02/12/city-officials-in-san-francisco-california-start-issuing-marriage-licenses-to-same-sex-couples-performing-the-first-known-civil-marriage.md) _Context: civil union, gay_
3. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: civil union_
4. [A priest is arrested and questioned over an alleged drug-induced gay orgy hosted in his apartment in the Vatican City. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-priest-is-arrested-and-questioned-over-an-alleged-drug-induced-gay-orgy-hosted-in-his-apartment-in-the-vatican-city.md) _Context: gay_
5. [Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: gay_
6. [The Italian Parliament gives final approval to legislation recognizing civil unions of same-sex couples. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-italian-parliament-gives-final-approval-to-legislation-recognizing-civil-unions-of-same-sex-couples.md) _Context: civil union_
7. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: civil union_
8. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
9. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
10. [John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. ](/news/2015/07/26/john-sewel-baron-sewel-steps-down-from-his-position-as-chairman-of-committees-in-the-house-of-lords-following-a-drug-scandal.md) _Context: House of Lords_
