### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# "Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association": In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a 2005 California law prohibiting minors' access to violent or offensive video games, citing them as protected speech under the First Amendment. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Chicago Sun-Times](http://www.suntimes.com/business/6197260-420/supreme-court-government-cant-ban-violent-video-game-sales-to-kids.html)

### Related:

1. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: First Amendment, United States Supreme Court_
2. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, United States Supreme Court_
3. [The United States Supreme Court weighs the case of a California constitutional amendment banning same-sex unions, passed after gay marriage became legal there. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-united-states-supreme-court-weighs-the-case-of-a-california-constitutional-amendment-banning-same-sex-unions-passed-after-gay-marriage.md) _Context: California, United States Supreme Court_
4. [The United States Supreme Court grants review of California's ban on same-sex marriage (Proposition 8, which has been challenged), and also agrees to finally determine the constitutionality of the federal DOMA law, which the Obama administration has said it will not continue defending. This is the Court's most significant foray into the issue yet, though an overruling of the DOMA act would only mean the federal government would have to recognize such marriages in areas where they are already legal. ](/news/2012/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-review-of-california-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-proposition-8-which-has-been-challenged-and-also.md) _Context: California, United States Supreme Court_
5. [ United States District Court judge Ronald Whyte strikes down a California law aiming to prohibit minors from buying or renting violent video games on First Amendment grounds. ](/news/2007/08/6/united-states-district-court-judge-ronald-whyte-strikes-down-a-california-law-aiming-to-prohibit-minors-from-buying-or-renting-violent-vide.md) _Context: California, First Amendment_
6. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: California_
7. [A law is on its way to be passed in California that will allow people to choose a third gender on their drivers license besides the common female and male, categories similar to a law in Oregon. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-law-is-on-its-way-to-be-passed-in-california-that-will-allow-people-to-choose-a-third-gender-on-their-drivers-license-besides-the-common-f.md) _Context: California_
8. [California wants to schedule its primaries earlier than usual, possibly on March or Super Tuesday, to have much more influence in comparison to its weight and diversity and to help Californian candidates, such as Eric Garcetti and Kamala Harris. ](/news/2017/09/14/california-wants-to-schedule-its-primaries-earlier-than-usual-possibly-on-march-or-super-tuesday-to-have-much-more-influence-in-comparison.md) _Context: California_
9. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [California Governor Jerry Brown signs a bill that will protect all California residents, regardless of their immigration status, from unnecessary detention and questioning; similar to those ordinances in sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/09/12/california-governor-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-that-will-protect-all-california-residents-regardless-of-their-immigration-status-from-unnece.md) _Context: California_
