### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# ''Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association'': In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a 2005 California law prohibiting minors' access to violent or offensive video games, citing them as protected speech under the First Amendment. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Chicago Sun-Times](http://www.suntimes.com/business/6197260-420/supreme-court-government-cant-ban-violent-video-game-sales-to-kids.html)

### Related:

1. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, Supreme Court of the United States_
2. [The United States Supreme Court weighs the case of a California constitutional amendment banning same-sex unions, passed after gay marriage became legal there. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-united-states-supreme-court-weighs-the-case-of-a-california-constitutional-amendment-banning-same-sex-unions-passed-after-gay-marriage.md) _Context: California, Supreme Court of the United States_
3. [The United States Supreme Court grants review of California's ban on same-sex marriage (Proposition 8, which has been challenged), and also agrees to finally determine the constitutionality of the federal DOMA law, which the Obama administration has said it will not continue defending. This is the Court's most significant foray into the issue yet, though an overruling of the DOMA act would only mean the federal government would have to recognize such marriages in areas where they are already legal. ](/news/2012/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-review-of-california-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-proposition-8-which-has-been-challenged-and-also.md) _Context: California, Supreme Court of the United States_
4. [ United States District Court judge Ronald Whyte strikes down a California law aiming to prohibit minors from buying or renting violent video games on First Amendment grounds. ](/news/2007/08/6/united-states-district-court-judge-ronald-whyte-strikes-down-a-california-law-aiming-to-prohibit-minors-from-buying-or-renting-violent-vide.md) _Context: California, freedom of speech_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
7. [The bid for California independence ends. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-bid-for-california-independence-ends.md) _Context: California_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
10. [The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
