### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster:: Tests conducted last month show radioactive cesium has been found in small quantities in residents in the towns of Iitate and Kawamata, Fukushima, located about 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. 

Japanese researchers have found radiation in all 15 people tested last month from the area near the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13924582)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-13924602)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/06/27/japan.radiation/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster: According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-dai.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
2. [Toshiba Corporation unveil a robot that they believe will help in nuclear disasters and could enter the crippled Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant damaged during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/11/21/toshiba-corporation-unveil-a-robot-that-they-believe-will-help-in-nuclear-disasters-and-could-enter-the-crippled-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-p.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
3. [Radioactive cesium above Japanese legal limits is found in tea from the Shizuoka Prefecture, located 300 kilometres from the earthquake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. ](/news/2011/06/10/radioactive-cesium-above-japanese-legal-limits-is-found-in-tea-from-the-shizuoka-prefecture-located-300-kilometres-from-the-earthquake-dama.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, cesium_
4. [Two of the reactors damaged in the March earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan may be riddled with holes, according to the facility's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co. ](/news/2011/05/25/two-of-the-reactors-damaged-in-the-march-earthquake-and-tsunami-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-in-japan-may-be-riddled-with-ho.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
5. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) claims that three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered partial meltdowns following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami; it had previously announced that only one reactor had suffered a meltdown. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-claims-that-three-reactors-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-suffered-partial-meltdowns.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
6. [Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japan-s-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
7. [Japan's Sendai Nuclear Power Plant in Satsumasendai in Kagoshima Prefecture on Kyushu restarts reactor no. 1. This is the first of 50-plus shut-down nuclear reactors to go back online since the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. The problems discovered in the reactor model after the disaster have not been fixed. ](/news/2015/08/11/japan-s-sendai-nuclear-power-plant-in-satsumasendai-in-kagoshima-prefecture-on-kyushu-restarts-reactor-no-1-this-is-the-first-of-50-plus-s.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
8. [Japan approves a thirty-to-forty year plan to clean up the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2015/06/12/japan-approves-a-thirty-to-forty-year-plan-to-clean-up-the-site-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
9. [Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority grants allowance to restart two nuclear plants, the first such a move in the country after the Fukushima disaster. ](/news/2014/07/16/japan-s-nuclear-regulation-authority-grants-allowance-to-restart-two-nuclear-plants-the-first-such-a-move-in-the-country-after-the-fukushim.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
10. [South Korea bans all fishery imports from eight Japanese prefectures, amid concern over leaks of radioactive water from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant. ](/news/2013/09/6/south-korea-bans-all-fishery-imports-from-eight-japanese-prefectures-amid-concern-over-leaks-of-radioactive-water-from-the-crippled-fukushi.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant_
