### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# Las Conchas WildfireThe Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico is temporarily closed due to a wildfire burning nearby. 

A raging wildfire near the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico has prompted the evacuation of more than 10,000 residents in the town as firefighters battle hot temperatures and high winds, authorities said Monday.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/US/06/27/new.mexico.los.alamos/)
2. [Los Alamos Monitor](http://www.lamonitor.com/content/los-alamos-county-declares-state-emergency-wait-instructions-evacuate)

### Related:

1. [A wildfire worsens near major U.S. nuclear weapons research lab Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico; residents express concern about contamination. ](/news/2011/06/29/a-wildfire-worsens-near-major-u-s-nuclear-weapons-research-lab-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-residents-ex.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico, state_
2. [A federal judge in Albuquerque, New Mexico sentences an ex-Los Alamos physicist Pedro Leonardo Mascheroni, who pleaded guilty in 2013 to offering to spy on the US to help Venezuela develop a nuclear weapon, to five years imprisionment. ](/news/2015/01/28/a-federal-judge-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-sentences-an-ex-los-alamos-physicist-pedro-leonardo-mascheroni-who-pleaded-guilty-in-2013-to-off.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico_
3. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
4. [Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson opens the world's first commercial spaceport, Spaceport America, in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplane is expected to begin commercial flights from the spaceport by 2013. ](/news/2011/10/17/virgin-group-chairman-richard-branson-opens-the-world-s-first-commercial-spaceport-spaceport-america-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-the.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
5. [ Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. ](/news/2009/01/1/virgin-galactic-and-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-sign-a-us-150-250-million-agreement-to-launch-sub-orbital-commercial-space-flights-at-spac.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
6. [ The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/17/national/17border.html (NY Times)], [http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/0816borderemergency16.html (Arizona Republic)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/08/17/wmexi17.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/08/17/ixworld.html (UK Telegraph)].](/news/2005/08/17/the-governors-of-the-u-s-states-of-new-mexico-and-arizona-declare-an-emergency-along-their-borders-with-mexico-citing-recent-violence-and.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
7. [A research team at Los Alamos National Laboratory quantifies the molecular damage inflicted on DNA and discloses that every 50 cigarettes smoked generates an average of one DNA mutation in each lung cell. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-research-team-at-los-alamos-national-laboratory-quantifies-the-molecular-damage-inflicted-on-dna-and-discloses-that-every-50-cigarettes-sm.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory_
8. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: New Mexico_
9. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: state_
10. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: New Mexico_
