### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# Pakistan expels British military advisers following the United States Navy Seals raid that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden. 

British military advisers sent to Pakistan to help in the fight against the Taliban and al-Qaeda have been expelled from the country, in the wake of the US Navy Seal raid that killed Osama bin Laden.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/06/27/pakistan.uk.military/index.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/pakistan/8600104/British-military-advisers-expelled-from-Pakistan.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
2. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
3. [The origin of the zero may have been in South Asia according to a Sanskrit script housed in the United Kingdom since 1902 and discovered in Bakhshali near Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/09/14/the-origin-of-the-zero-may-have-been-in-south-asia-according-to-a-sanskrit-script-housed-in-the-united-kingdom-since-1902-and-discovered-in.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
4. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
5. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, father's killing_
6. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
7. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
8. [The United Kingdom rejects its involvement in combat drone attacks by the United States in Pakistan. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-kingdom-rejects-its-involvement-in-combat-drone-attacks-by-the-united-states-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
9. [Pakistan orders foreign nationals working for the Save the Children NGO to leave the country within four weeks. The Pakistani government has accused the organization of being linked to the fake vaccination program used in the hunt for Osama bin Laden. The charity and the U.S. government deny any links. ](/news/2012/09/7/pakistan-orders-foreign-nationals-working-for-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-within-four-weeks-the-pakistani-government-has.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
10. [Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician who helped the CIA to track down Osama bin Laden by collecting DNA samples from residents of bin Laden's compound, is sentenced to 33 years' imprisonment for treason. ](/news/2012/05/23/shakil-afridi-a-pakistani-physician-who-helped-the-cia-to-track-down-osama-bin-laden-by-collecting-dna-samples-from-residents-of-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
