### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. 

The Sudanese president was scheduled to arrive in China on Monday, but the visit has been delayed without official explanation, Chinese ministry officials said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/06/27/china.bashir.visit/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, genocide, war crime_
2. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
3. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
4. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, war crime_
5. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says the government will withdraw from peace talks with rebels from Darfur unless a deal is reached this week. ](/news/2010/12/30/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-says-the-government-will-withdraw-from-peace-talks-with-rebels-from-darfur-unless-a-deal-is-reached-this-w.md) _Context: Darfur, Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
6. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity, war crime_
7. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: Darfur, Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
8. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudanese President_
9. [The International Criminal Court charges Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with three counts of genocide for his role in the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-international-criminal-court-charges-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-three-counts-of-genocide-for-his-role-in-the-darfur-conflict.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, genocide_
10. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, genocide_
