### [2011-06-27](/news/2011/06/27/index.md)

# The Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico is temporarily closed due to a wildfire burning nearby. 

A raging wildfire near the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico has prompted the evacuation of more than 10,000 residents in the town as firefighters battle hot temperatures and high winds, authorities said Monday.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/US/06/27/new.mexico.los.alamos/)
2. [Los Alamos Monitor](http://www.lamonitor.com/content/los-alamos-county-declares-state-emergency-wait-instructions-evacuate)

### Related:

1. [A wildfire worsens near major U.S. nuclear weapons research lab Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico; residents express concern about contamination. ](/news/2011/06/29/a-wildfire-worsens-near-major-u-s-nuclear-weapons-research-lab-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-residents-ex.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico, U.S. state_
2. [A federal judge in Albuquerque, New Mexico sentences an ex-Los Alamos physicist Pedro Leonardo Mascheroni, who pleaded guilty in 2013 to offering to spy on the US to help Venezuela develop a nuclear weapon, to five years imprisionment. ](/news/2015/01/28/a-federal-judge-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-sentences-an-ex-los-alamos-physicist-pedro-leonardo-mascheroni-who-pleaded-guilty-in-2013-to-off.md) _Context: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico_
3. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico, U.S. state_
4. [Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson opens the world's first commercial spaceport, Spaceport America, in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplane is expected to begin commercial flights from the spaceport by 2013. ](/news/2011/10/17/virgin-group-chairman-richard-branson-opens-the-world-s-first-commercial-spaceport-spaceport-america-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-the.md) _Context: New Mexico, U.S. state_
5. [ Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. ](/news/2009/01/1/virgin-galactic-and-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-sign-a-us-150-250-million-agreement-to-launch-sub-orbital-commercial-space-flights-at-spac.md) _Context: New Mexico, U.S. state_
6. [ The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. ](/news/2005/08/17/the-governors-of-the-u-s-states-of-new-mexico-and-arizona-declare-an-emergency-along-their-borders-with-mexico-citing-recent-violence-and.md) _Context: New Mexico, U.S. state_
7. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: New Mexico, U.S. state_
8. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: U.S. state_
9. [Two people are killed and four are hospitalized in a shooting in a library in the U.S. town of Clovis, New Mexico. ](/news/2017/08/28/two-people-are-killed-and-four-are-hospitalized-in-a-shooting-in-a-library-in-the-u-s-town-of-clovis-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
