### [2002-08-8](/news/2002/08/8/index.md)

#  The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) votes to require television manufacturers to include digital tuners in nearly all televisions by 2007.




### Related:

1. [American comedian and ''Late Show'' host Stephen Colbert is to be investigated by the Federal Communications Commission over a sexually explicit joke about U.S. president Donald Trump's relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/05/6/american-comedian-and-late-show-host-stephen-colbert-is-to-be-investigated-by-the-federal-communications-commission-over-a-sexually-expl.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
2. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
3. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of  the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
4. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
6. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [U.S. Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, in a letter to the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission, demands that they block the effort of telephone giant AT&T to buy rival T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/07/26/u-s-senator-al-franken-of-minnesota-in-a-letter-to-the-justice-department-and-the-federal-communications-commission-demands-that-they-blo.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
9. [The U.S. Federal Communications Commission and the U.S. Justice Department approve a $28 billion merger of Comcast and NBC Universal with critics complaining of even greater media consolidation in the U.S. and how this merger removes competitive forces and hurts consumers. ](/news/2011/01/18/the-u-s-federal-communications-commission-and-the-u-s-justice-department-approve-a-28-billion-merger-of-comcast-and-nbc-universal-with-cr.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
10. [The United States 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City strikes down the Federal Communications Commission's "fleeting expletives" policy that gave it power to fine broadcasters who air a single expletive on air. ](/news/2010/07/13/the-united-states-2nd-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-new-york-city-strikes-down-the-federal-communications-commission-s-fleeting-expletives-p.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
