### [2009-07-13](/news/2009/07/13/index.md)

#  Turkey, Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Austria sign an intergovernmental agreement on the construction of the Nabucco natural gas pipeline. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8147053.stm)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Hungary, Turkey_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Hungary, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
6. [European migrant crisis: At least one person is reportedly killed after Bulgarian border guards open fire on a group of illegal migrants after they attempted to cross the border from Turkey. The incident happened near the southeastern town of Sredets. ](/news/2015/10/15/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-after-bulgarian-border-guards-open-fire-on-a-group-of-illegal-migrants-aft.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis: Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/european-migrant-crisis-following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-mos.md) _Context: Austria, Hungary_
8. [European migrant crisis: Hungary makes a fifth arrest in relation to the death of seventy-one migrants in a truck in Austria. ](/news/2015/08/30/european-migrant-crisis-hungary-makes-a-fifth-arrest-in-relation-to-the-death-of-seventy-one-migrants-in-a-truck-in-austria.md) _Context: Austria, Hungary_
9. [European migrant crisis: The body count from a van found on an Austrian highway carrying migrants yesterday rises to at least 71. Three people are arrested in Hungary in relation to their deaths. ](/news/2015/08/28/european-migrant-crisis-the-body-count-from-a-van-found-on-an-austrian-highway-carrying-migrants-yesterday-rises-to-at-least-71-three-peop.md) _Context: Austria, Hungary_
10. [Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-abandons-its-plans-for-the-south-stream-pipeline-to-bulgaria-due-to-european-union-objections-instead-looking-at-a-pipeline-to-turkey.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Turkey_
