### [2009-07-13](/news/2009/07/13/index.md)

#  U.S. Senate confirmation hearings for United States Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor begin. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/07/13/sotomayor.hearing/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ President Barack Obama nominates Federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2009/05/26/president-barack-obama-nominates-federal-judge-sonia-sotomayor-for-the-united-states-supreme-court.md) _Context: Sonia Sotomayor, United States, United States Supreme Court_
2. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate, United States Supreme Court_
3. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
4. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate, United States Supreme Court_
6. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: United States Senate, United States Supreme Court_
7. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: United States, United States Supreme Court_
8. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
9. [The Obama administration will ask the Supreme Court to overturn yesterday's ruling by the New Orleans, Louisiana, federal Court of Appeals that blocks the deferred deportation of millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-obama-administration-will-ask-the-supreme-court-to-overturn-yesterday-s-ruling-by-the-new-orleans-louisiana-federal-court-of-appeals-t.md) _Context: United States, United States Supreme Court_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
