
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/19/a-spokesperson-for-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-government-has-seen-no-plans-for-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-s-idea-of-building-a.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/19/a-spokesperson-for-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-government-has-seen-no-plans-for-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-s-idea-of-building-a.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/19/a-spokesperson-for-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-government-has-seen-no-plans-for-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-s-idea-of-building-a.xml)  

### [2018-01-19](/news/2018/01/19/index.md)

##### Politics of the United Kingdom
# A spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May says the government has seen no plans for Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson's idea of building a road bridge across the English Channel between France and the United Kingdom. 

Boris Johnson reportedly said a crossing to connect the U.K. and France should be built across the English Channel.


### Sources:

1. [CNBC](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/19/boris-johnson-wants-to-build-a-bridge-to-france.html)

### Related:

1. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Foreign Secretary, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
2. [Prime Minister Theresa May orders Phillip Lee, a Justice minister, to "air his views in private" after he suggested that Brexit planning should be based on evidence rather than dogma. ](/news/2018/01/31/prime-minister-theresa-may-orders-phillip-lee-a-justice-minister-to-air-his-views-in-private-after-he-suggested-that-brexit-planning-sho.md) _Context: Politics of the United Kingdom, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
3. [Theresa May criticizes Boris Johnson for airing National Health Service funding concerns outside private U.K. Cabinet meetings. ](/news/2018/01/23/theresa-may-criticizes-boris-johnson-for-airing-national-health-service-funding-concerns-outside-private-u-k-cabinet-meetings.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Politics of the United Kingdom, Theresa May_
4. [Prime Minister Theresa May suffers a 309-305 defeat, her first, in the House of Commons when MPs from both major parties approve an amendment to the Brexit bill subjecting a Brexit agreement to a preliminary vote by Parliament. ](/news/2017/12/13/prime-minister-theresa-may-suffers-a-309a305-defeat-her-first-in-the-house-of-commons-when-mps-from-both-major-parties-approve-an-amendm.md) _Context: Politics of the United Kingdom, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
5. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Foreign Secretary, France, Prime Minister_
