### [2008-11-23](/news/2008/11/23/index.md)

#  The government of Burundi abolishes capital punishment and bans homosexuality. Genocide and war crimes are now recognized as illegal activities. 

Gulf Times - Qatar’s top-selling English daily newspaper published in Qatar and provide the latest information on weather, currency rates, Prayer in addition to the latest developments in the political events, economic, sporting, cultural and artistic locally and internationally, and much much more


### Source:

1. [Gulf Times](http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=256152&version=1&template_id=39&parent_id=21)

### Related:

1. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
2. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Burundi, war crime_
3. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. ](/news/2008/08/29/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-refuses-to-enter-pleas-to-charges-including-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-inter.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
4. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
5. [ Serbian government states that Bosnian Serb general Vinko Pandurevic will surrender to war crimes tribunal at the Hague. He is charged with genocide connected to Srebrenica massacre in 1995 ](/news/2005/03/20/serbian-government-states-that-bosnian-serb-general-vinko-pandurevia-will-surrender-to-war-crimes-tribunal-at-the-hague-he-is-charged-wit.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
6. [ In the Netherlands, businessman Frans van Anraat is put on trial for allegedly selling chemicals to Saddam Hussein to make poison gas. He is accused of complicity to commit war crimes and genocide. ](/news/2005/03/18/in-the-netherlands-businessman-frans-van-anraat-is-put-on-trial-for-allegedly-selling-chemicals-to-saddam-hussein-to-make-poison-gas-he-i.md) _Context: genocide, war crime_
7. [A Guantanamo military commission charges detainee Riduan Isamuddin for his roles in the 2002 Bali bombings and the 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing. The Pentagon is yet to decide whether to threaten capital punishment. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-guantanamo-military-commission-charges-detainee-riduan-isamuddin-for-his-roles-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-and-the-2003-marriott-hotel-bombi.md) _Context: capital punishment_
8. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: war crime_
9. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: war crime_
10. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: genocide_
