### [2013-03-9](/news/2013/03/9/index.md)

# Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, aged 94, is hospitalized; officials say it is only for a routine checkup. 

Former South African President Nelson Mandela, 94, is back home in Johannesburg after spending the night in hospital following a check-up, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21728050)
2. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/51115059)

### Related:

1. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is hospitalised with a lung infection. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-hospitalised-with-a-lung-infection.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
2. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is released from the hospital after "successful" medical tests. ](/news/2013/03/10/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-released-from-the-hospital-after-successful-medical-tests.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
3. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, 94, in still-fragile health, is released from the hospital in Pretoria, South Africa to receive continuing at-home care. He had had his longest period of hospitalization (more than 2 weeks) there since his 1990 release from prison, as the result of a gallstone removal operation and a lung infection. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-94-in-still-fragile-health-is-released-from-the-hospital-in-preto.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
4. [ Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela denies writing a foreword praising Republic of the Congo President Denis Sassou Nguesso's biography, ''Straight Speaking for Africa''. ](/news/2009/10/21/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-denies-writing-a-foreword-praising-republic-of-the-congo-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-s-b.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
5. [ Former South African President Nelson Mandela breaks a strong taboo when he announces that the death at age 54 of his sole surviving son, Makgatho Mandela, was caused by AIDS, which kills about 600 people daily in South Africa. His action is viewed as being critical of his successor, Thabo Mbeki, who has denied a link between HIV and AIDS. ](/news/2005/01/6/former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-breaks-a-strong-taboo-when-he-announces-that-the-death-at-age-54-of-his-sole-surviving-son-m.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
6. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: President, South Africa_
7. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: President, South Africa_
8. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: President, South Africa_
9. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: President, South Africa_
10. [Nobel prize winner, anti-Apartheid activist, and former South African president, Nelson Mandela, dies at age 95. ](/news/2013/12/5/nobel-prize-winner-anti-apartheid-activist-and-former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-dies-at-age-95.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, South Africa_
