### [2013-03-9](/news/2013/03/9/index.md)

# In biathlon, France's Martin Fourcade wins his eighth 2012-13 Biathlon World Cup event when he wins the 10 km sprint race on the Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex in Sochi, Russia. He also secures the men's overall title. 




### Source:

1. [Eurosport](http://uk.eurosport.yahoo.com/news/biathlon-fourcade-takes-world-cup-win-sochi-132908326.html)
2. [AP via CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/sports/story/2013/03/09/sp-olympics-martin-fourcade-win-world-cup.html)

### Related:

1. [In biathlon, last stage of the 2012-13 Biathlon World Cup ends in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia. Martin Fourcade wins men's overall title and Tora Berger wins the women's overall title. ](/news/2013/03/17/in-biathlon-last-stage-of-the-2012a13-biathlon-world-cup-ends-in-khanty-mansiysk-russia-martin-fourcade-wins-men-s-overall-title-and-to.md) _Context: 2012–13 Biathlon World Cup, Martin Fourcade, Russia, biathlon, men's overall_
2. [Norwegian biathlete Tora Berger secures the women's overall title in the 2012-13 Biathlon World Cup with five individual races still remaining. ](/news/2013/03/3/norwegian-biathlete-tora-berger-secures-the-women-s-overall-title-in-the-2012a13-biathlon-world-cup-with-five-individual-races-still-remai.md) _Context: 2012–13 Biathlon World Cup, Biathlon World Cup, biathlon_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: France, Russia_
4. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Russia, Sochi_
5. [Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-aleppo-china-which-had-backed-russ.md) _Context: France, Russia_
6. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: France, Russia_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: France, Russia_
8. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Russia_
9. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, Russia_
10. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: France, Russia_
