### [2013-03-9](/news/2013/03/9/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Rebels free 21 United Nations peacekeepers who were held captive for four days. 

A group of 21 Filipino UN peacekeepers captured by rebels in Syria earlier this week arrive in Jordan after being released.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/news/crime/article/Rebels-free-21-UN-captives-in-southern-Syria-4341245.php)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21725991)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:: United Nations peacekeepers from Austria start withdrawing from the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/06/12/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-austria-start-withdrawing-from-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
2. [Syrian civil war:: Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
3. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war: The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/syrian-civil-war-the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [South Sudanese Civil War: The United Nations announces that peacekeepers in the country will be sent home over a "lack of responsiveness" during an attack on a UN-run refugee camp last February in Malakal that killed at least 40 people. ](/news/2016/06/23/south-sudanese-civil-war-the-united-nations-announces-that-peacekeepers-in-the-country-will-be-sent-home-over-a-lack-of-responsiveness-du.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
8. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Former United Nations official and head of the UN mission for the Ebola outbreak Anthony Banbury accuses the UN of -colossal mismanagement,- saying it had failed to uphold the principles for which it was established. He cited the organization's -Orwellian admonitions and Carrollian logic- of the UN bureaucracy and minimal accountability regarding the widespread rape and sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers. ](/news/2016/03/19/former-united-nations-official-and-head-of-the-un-mission-for-the-ebola-outbreak-anthony-banbury-accuses-the-un-of-colossal-mismanagement.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
