### [2012-11-12](/news/2012/11/12/index.md)

# Muslim cleric Abu Qatada will be released on bail after winning an appeal against deportation from the United Kingdom to Jordan. The UK government says it will appeal against the ruling. 

Muslim cleric Abu Qatada is to be released on bail after winning his appeal against deportation, but the government says it will &quot;seek leave to appeal&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20295754)

### Related:

1. [Abu Qatada, a Palestinian Muslim cleric allegedly affiliated with al-Qaeda, is deported from the United Kingdom to Jordan to face charges of terrorism. ](/news/2013/07/7/abu-qatada-a-palestinian-muslim-cleric-allegedly-affiliated-with-al-qaeda-is-deported-from-the-united-kingdom-to-jordan-to-face-charges-of.md) _Context: Abu Qatada, Britain, Jordan_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
3. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
4. [Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-british-government-that-the.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Britain, Jordan_
6. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the "The Daily Telegraph", warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed. At issue is London's withdrawal from a GBP5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-warn.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
7. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
8. [Queues form at petrol stations across the United Kingdom after government ministers urged motorists to top up their fuel tanks ahead of a possible strike by fuel tanker drivers. ](/news/2012/03/29/queues-form-at-petrol-stations-across-the-united-kingdom-after-government-ministers-urged-motorists-to-top-up-their-fuel-tanks-ahead-of-a-po.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
9. [Abu Qatada, accused of being one of the United Kingdom's most dangerous preachers of Islamic extremism, is released from prison following a ruling from the European Court of Human Rights last week. ](/news/2012/02/13/abu-qatada-accused-of-being-one-of-the-united-kingdom-s-most-dangerous-preachers-of-islamic-extremism-is-released-from-prison-following-a.md) _Context: Abu Qatada, Britain_
10. [The Government of the United Kingdom expels Libyan diplomats loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from the United Kingdom and recognises the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-expels-libyan-diplomats-loyal-to-muammar-gaddafi-from-the-united-kingdom-and-recognises-the-national-tr.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
