### [2011-03-23](/news/2011/03/23/index.md)

# Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/gaza-militants-fire-grad-rocket-at-be-er-sheva-following-idf-strike-1.351301?localLinksEnabled=false)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/islamic-jihad-hits-beersheba/story-e6frg6so-1226027009316)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=213412)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian militants fire two Grad-model Katyusha rockets at Beersheba, Israel; the Israeli Air Force responds with attacks on targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/24/palestinian-militants-fire-two-grad-model-katyusha-rockets-at-beersheba-israel-the-israeli-air-force-responds-with-attacks-on-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli helicopters fire at least two missiles into the northern Gaza Strip. The missile killed a Palestinian militant "while mounting an operation near the border" in a statement released by Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2007/04/7/israeli-helicopters-fire-at-least-two-missiles-into-the-northern-gaza-strip-the-missile-killed-a-palestinian-militant-while-mounting-an-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel: A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-w.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
8. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
