### [2011-03-23](/news/2011/03/23/index.md)

# The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne delivers the 2011 United Kingdom budget. 

Market reactions and analysis on the day after George Osborne delivered his 2011 Budget.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/budget/8395079/Budget-2011-live.html)

### Related:

1. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament-s upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliament-s-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
3. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
4. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
5. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
6. [Formation of the May ministry. The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
7. [The U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer asks the Bank of England whether it needs more power. The central bank's Financial Policy Committee will study the question. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-k-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-asks-the-bank-of-england-whether-it-needs-more-power-the-central-bank-s-financial-policy-committee-wil.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
8. [Former UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling launches Better Together, the "no" campaign for the forthcoming referendum on Scottish independence. ](/news/2012/06/25/former-uk-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-launches-better-together-the-no-campaign-for-the-forthcoming-referendum-on-scottis.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
9. [George Osborne delivers the 2012 British budget cutting the top rate of income tax. ](/news/2012/03/21/george-osborne-delivers-the-2012-british-budget-cutting-the-top-rate-of-income-tax.md) _Context: George Osborne_
10. [Britain's Shadow Chancellor Alan Johnson resigns from the Labour Party's frontbench team for "personal" reasons. ](/news/2011/01/20/britain-s-shadow-chancellor-alan-johnson-resigns-from-the-labour-party-s-frontbench-team-for-personal-reasons.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
