### [2011-03-23](/news/2011/03/23/index.md)

# Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. 

Canberra has found itself at the centre of clashing rallies by climate action campaigners and anti-carbon tax protesters.


### Source:

1. [AAP via ''Adelaide Now](http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/breaking-news/anti-carbon-tax-rally-told-prime-minister-julia-gillard-like-pinocchio/story-e6frea73-1226026686775)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/more-than-3000-rally-against-carbon-tax-outside-parliament-house/story-e6freuy9-1226026717154)
3. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/tax-climate-protesters-rally-20110323-1c5iy.html)
4. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/climate/carbon-tax-protesters-labelled-extremists-as-they-rally-in-canberra/story-e6frg6xf-1226026565064)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-and-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-the-australian-capital.md) _Context: Australia, Canberra, Prime Minister of Australia_
2. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, on a trip to Shanghai, China, announces that the Australian dollar is set to trade directly with the Chinese yuan, becoming the third currency to do so. ](/news/2013/04/8/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-on-a-trip-to-shanghai-china-announces-that-the-australian-dollar-is-set-to-trade-directly-with-th.md) _Context: Australia, Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [Australia opens a national probe into child sex abuse, with Prime Minister Julia Gillard warning of "uncomfortable truths" as institutions including schools and churches come under scrutiny. ](/news/2013/04/3/australia-opens-a-national-probe-into-child-sex-abuse-with-prime-minister-julia-gillard-warning-of-uncomfortable-truths-as-institutions-i.md) _Context: Australia, Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announces that the late Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg has been made an honorary Australian citizen. ](/news/2013/04/15/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-announces-that-the-late-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-has-been-made-an-honorary-australian-citiz.md) _Context: Australia, Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard announces that the next federal election will be held on September 14. ](/news/2013/01/30/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-announces-that-the-next-federal-election-will-be-held-on-september-14.md) _Context: Australia, Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [Security escort Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott from a restaurant in Canberra after indigenous protesters surrounded the building on Australia Day in response to comments made by Abbott. ](/news/2012/01/26/security-escort-australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-and-opposition-leader-tony-abbott-from-a-restaurant-in-canberra-after-indigenous-pro.md) _Context: Canberra, Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard announces the details of a plan to introduce a carbon tax. ](/news/2011/07/10/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-announces-the-details-of-a-plan-to-introduce-a-carbon-tax.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Prime Minister of Australia, carbon tax_
8. [Thousands of people attend pro- and anti-carbon tax (part of a phase-in of an emissions trading program) rallies in Sydney, Australia. ](/news/2011/04/2/thousands-of-people-attend-pro-and-anti-carbon-tax-part-of-a-phase-in-of-an-emissions-trading-program-rallies-in-sydney-australia.md) _Context: Australia, carbon tax, pro- and anti_
9. [The Australian Council of Trade Unions and Australian Workers' Union threatens to withdraw support for the Julia Gillard minority government's plans to introduce a carbon tax unless it can be guaranteed that no jobs will be lost. ](/news/2011/04/15/the-australian-council-of-trade-unions-and-australian-workers-union-threatens-to-withdraw-support-for-the-julia-gillard-minority-government.md) _Context: Australian Council of Trade Unions, Julia Gillard, carbon tax_
10. [Australia's Climate Change Minister, Greg Combet, says that the government's plans to impose a carbon tax, part of a phase-in of an emissions trading program, will impact less than 1,000 companies. ](/news/2011/03/7/australia-s-climate-change-minister-greg-combet-says-that-the-government-s-plans-to-impose-a-carbon-tax-part-of-a-phase-in-of-an-emission.md) _Context: Australia, Greg Combet, carbon tax_
