### [2012-01-5](/news/2012/01/5/index.md)

# The President of the United States Barack Obama announces a new defense strategy, cutting spending dramatically. 

President Barack Obama has unveiled a strategy for a leaner US military focused on countering China&#039;s rising power while signalling a shift away from large ground wars against insurgents.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/obama-touts-leaner-us-military-20120106-1pnbh.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama vetoes the $612 billion annual defense authorization bill because of the way it would sidestep budget limitations for the military and because it would restrict the transfer of detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay. This is the President's fifth veto since 2009. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-vetoes-the-612-billion-annual-defense-authorization-bill-because-of-the-way-it-would-sidestep-budget-limitation.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President, budget_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama puts forward a budget for 2012 proposing heavy spending cuts but still predicting substantial budget deficits. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-puts-forward-a-budget-for-2012-proposing-heavy-spending-cuts-but-still-predicting-substantia.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President, budget_
3. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
4. [President Donald Trump's proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again,"  has a $2 trillion accounting error over 10 years because it  uses the same money twice for two different purposes. ](/news/2017/05/24/president-donald-trump-s-proposed-budget-for-fiscal-year-2018-titled-america-first-a-budget-blueprint-to-make-america-great-again-has.md) _Context: United States President, budget_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
8. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
9. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
10. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
