### [2012-01-5](/news/2012/01/5/index.md)

# William Hague, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, commences a two day tour of Myanmar. 

William Hague says his Burmese counterpart has vowed to free more political prisoners at talks during the first visit by a UK foreign secretary in 55 years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-16417704)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-01/05/c_131343804.htm)

### Related:

1. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom, William Hague_
2. [William Hague, the United Kingdom Foreign Secretary, says that British soldiers should be out of Afghanistan by 2014. ](/news/2010/07/20/william-hague-the-united-kingdom-foreign-secretary-says-that-british-soldiers-should-be-out-of-afghanistan-by-2014.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom, William Hague_
3. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Myanmar, United Kingdom_
4. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
5. [Thein Sein, the President of Burma (Myanmar) visits the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/07/15/thein-sein-the-president-of-burma-myanmar-visits-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Myanmar, United Kingdom_
6. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pbritish-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, William Hague_
8. [ Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is stripped of his honorary Order of the Bath knighthood, upon the advice of the UK Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. ](/news/2008/06/25/zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-is-stripped-of-his-honorary-order-of-the-bath-knighthood-upon-the-advice-of-the-uk-secretary-of-state-f.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
9. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs David Miliband visit Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-david-mili.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
10. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
