### [2014-04-7](/news/2014/04/7/index.md)

# Indian general election, 2014:Voters in India start going to the polls in a six-week General Election which will end on May 12. 

Voting began at 7:00 am in six constituencies in tea-growing and insurgency-wracked areas of the northeast. 


### Source:

1. [AFP via Dawn](http://www.dawn.com/news/1098313/polls-open-in-indias-marathon-general-election)

### Related:

1. [Indian general election, 2014:In India over 60 million people vote in 64 constituencies today across 7 states for 16th Lok Sabha. ](/news/2014/05/7/indian-general-election-2014-pin-india-over-60-million-people-vote-in-64-constituencies-today-across-7-states-for-16th-lok-sabha.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
2. [The ninth and final phase of election concluded in India, with an all time high voter turnout of 66.64%, which is overall the highest in the history of Lok Sabha. Final results will be declared on May 16.](/news/2014/05/12/the-ninth-and-final-phase-of-election-concluded-in-india-with-an-all-time-high-voter-turnout-of-66-64-which-is-overall-the-highest-in-the.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
3. [India is halfway through elections for  16th Lok Sabha in world's biggest election with an electorate of 815 million voters.](/news/2014/04/19/india-is-halfway-through-elections-for-16th-lok-sabha-in-world-s-biggest-election-with-an-electorate-of-815-million-voters.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
4. [Indian general election, 2014:Voters in twelve states of India go to the polls for the biggest day of voting during the election process. ](/news/2014/04/17/indian-general-election-2014-pvoters-in-twelve-states-of-india-go-to-the-polls-for-the-biggest-day-of-voting-during-the-election-process.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: India_
10. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
