### [2014-04-7](/news/2014/04/7/index.md)

# President of Ireland, Michael D. Higgins arrives in the United Kingdom for a state visit, the first to the UK by an Irish Head of State. 

President Michael D Higgins has arrived in London ahead of his State visit to the UK, which he said is &quot;very important in many ways&quot; and &quot;it is important for both countries to engage in our shared past&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-26911779)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0407/607277-higgins-state-visit/)

### Related:

1. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignation-to-president-michael-d-higgins-aft.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
2. [As part of his state visit to the United Kingdom, Irish President Michael D. Higgins addresses the Houses of Parliament and attends a banquet at Windsor Castle with Elizabeth II. ](/news/2014/04/8/as-part-of-his-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-irish-president-michael-d-higgins-addresses-the-houses-of-parliament-and-attends-a-banque.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
3. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-inas-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
4. [President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins calls for an investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar to meet the needs of a "concerned public" as Savita's husband Praveen continues his battle against Ireland's government and the Health Service Executive (HSE) to hold a sworn, public inquiry into her death, which he believes occurred due to her being denied an abortion. ](/news/2012/11/21/president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-calls-for-an-investigation-into-the-death-of-savita-halappanavar-to-meet-the-needs-of-a-concerned-p.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
5. [A new book of poetry by President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins is negatively reviewed by leading critic Professor Kevin Kiely, who says the President "can be accused of crimes against literature". ](/news/2012/02/10/a-new-book-of-poetry-by-president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-is-negatively-reviewed-by-leading-critic-professor-kevin-kiely-who-says-the.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
6. [Michael D. Higgins is inaugurated as the ninth President of Ireland. ](/news/2011/11/11/michael-d-higgins-is-inaugurated-as-the-ninth-president-of-ireland.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
