### [2012-05-23](/news/2012/05/23/index.md)

# Georgia-native Phillip Phillips is crowned the eleventh "American Idol". Runner-up Jessica Sanchez is the first contestant of Asian ancestry to advance in the finals. 




### Source:

1. [TopNews](http://www.news-press.com/article/20120523/NEWS0101/120523009/Philip-Phillips-wins-American-Idol-over-Jessica-Sanchez?odyssey=mod|newswell|text||p)

### Related:

1. [Economy of the United States. New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: Georgia_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia_
3. [Tornadoes of 2017. Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: Georgia_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Georgia_
5. [Democratic National Committee chairmanship election, 2017. Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/democratic-national-committee-chairmanship-election-2017-voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: Georgia_
6. [January 21-22, 2017 tornado outbreak. Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/january-21-22-2017-tornado-outbreak-severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia_
7. [Tropical Storm Hermine. The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/tropical-storm-hermine-the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of.md) _Context: Georgia_
8. [2016 House Democrats sit-in. Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/2016-house-democrats-sit-in-georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the.md) _Context: Georgia_
9. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition-s Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama-s death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalition-s-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Georgia_
10. ["American Idol" (season 15). Trent Harmon is declared as the last winner of the American singing competition series, "American Idol", which concluded after 15 seasons. ](/news/2016/04/7/american-idol-season-15-trent-harmon-is-declared-as-the-last-winner-of-the-american-singing-competition-series-american-idol-which.md) _Context: American Idol_
