### [2012-05-23](/news/2012/05/23/index.md)

# The price of crude oil falls to a seven-month low due to high supply and constructive talks regarding Iran's nuclear program. 

Oil prices fell below $90 a barrel for the first time since November; the euro fell to its lowest level in nearly two years.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2012/05/23/investing/oil-prices/index.htm?hpt=hp_t3)
1. [Cover Image](http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/2012/05/23/investing/oil-prices/chart_ws_commodity_energy_oil_2012523132121.01.png)

### Related:

1. [ The Japanese Vice Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Takao Kitabata, says Japan has enough petroleum reserves to prevent an oil crisis if economic sanctions are imposed on Iran over its nuclear program. Japan is almost entirely dependent on the Middle East for its oil and imports 15 percent of its total oil consumption from Iran.](/news/2006/09/1/the-japanese-vice-minister-of-economy-trade-and-industry-takao-kitabata-says-japan-has-enough-petroleum-reserves-to-prevent-an-oil-crisi.md) _Context: crude oil, nuclear program_
2. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: nuclear program_
3. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: crude oil_
4. [Non-Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agree to cut oil output which will help increase the price of petroleum products in the world market. ](/news/2016/12/11/non-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-agree-to-cut-oil-output-which-will-help-increase-the-price-of-petroleum-products-in-the-wo.md) _Context: crude oil_
5. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: crude oil_
6. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: nuclear program_
7. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: nuclear program_
8. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: nuclear program_
9. [Washington State University researchers report in the Journal of the American Chemical Society that they have invented a new catalyst that promises to enable production of bio-based chemicals and plastics. In the future, products could be made from bio-based ethanol rather than superheated crude oil. Other uses for this new catalyst are being explored. ](/news/2015/12/11/washington-state-university-researchers-report-in-the-journal-of-the-american-chemical-society-that-they-have-invented-a-new-catalyst-that-p.md) _Context: crude oil_
10. [A Canadian Pacific Railway train carrying crude oil derails in Wisconsin; some of the 10 derailed cars are leaking oil. This is the second consecutive day for a freight train crash in the state. Yesterday, a BNSF Railway train wreck spilled thousands of gallons of ethanol. No injuries were reported in either accident. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-canadian-pacific-railway-train-carrying-crude-oil-derails-in-wisconsin-some-of-the-10-derailed-cars-are-leaking-oil-this-is-the-second-c.md) _Context: crude oil_
