### [2006-04-12](/news/2006/04/12/index.md)

#  Sri Lankan Civil War: coordinated bombings and rioting in the north-eastern part of the country leaves 16 dead. A claymore anti-personnel mine explodes in Trincomalee, killing two policemen in their vehicle. Another blast set off in a crowded vegetable market kills one soldier and civilians. Ensuing rioting leaves more than a dozen dead. Authorities have blamed LTTE rebels for the recent attacks since Monday. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4901952.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyid=2006-04-12T145905Z_01_COL63331_RTRUKOC_0_US-SRILANKA.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: six Sinhalese rice farmers are executed in their paddy fields by suspected Tamil Tigers terrorists in the northeastern Trincomalee district. ](/news/2006/04/23/sri-lankan-civil-war-six-sinhalese-rice-farmers-are-executed-in-their-paddy-fields-by-suspected-tamil-tigers-terrorists-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War, Trincomalee_
2. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: a bus carrying soldiers from Trincomalee hits a claymore mine, killing 10 navy sailors, their driver and leaving another eight wounded. A pair of British tourists are also injured in the blast. ](/news/2006/04/11/sri-lankan-civil-war-a-bus-carrying-soldiers-from-trincomalee-hits-a-claymore-mine-killing-10-navy-sailors-their-driver-and-leaving-anot.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Trincomalee, claymore_
3. [A United Nations expert panel finds "credible allegations" which, if proven, indicate that war crimes and crimes against humanity were committed both by the Government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE in the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2011/04/16/a-united-nations-expert-panel-finds-credible-allegations-which-if-proven-indicate-that-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity-were-commi.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
4. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Over 10 rebels are killed and many injured in Batticaloa as the Tamil Tigers attack a breakaway faction led by Col. Karuna Amman. ](/news/2006/05/1/sri-lankan-civil-war-p-over-10-rebels-are-killed-and-many-injured-in-batticaloa-as-the-tamil-tigers-attack-a-breakaway-faction-led-by-col.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
5. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: A suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber attacks the Sri Lankan Army headquarters in the capital, Colombo, killing 8. Twenty-seven have been injured, including the army commander Lieutenant General Sarath Fonseka, as the female suicide bomber, pretending to be pregnant to conceal explosives, detonates her bomb near the military's hospital. The Sri Lankan military has begun aerial assaults on rebel positions in the north-eastern part of the island nation. ](/news/2006/04/25/sri-lankan-civil-war-a-suspected-tamil-tiger-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-sri-lankan-army-headquarters-in-the-capital-colombo-killing-8-t.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
6. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Two suspected Tamil Tiger rebels are shot dead in Batticaloa while being caught planting mines, after rebels reportedly hacked a young mother to death. In the eastern part of the island, two Sinhalese guards are killed as they returned from a funeral and one Tamil is shot dead by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2006/04/24/sri-lankan-civil-war-two-suspected-tamil-tiger-rebels-are-shot-dead-in-batticaloa-while-being-caught-planting-mines-after-rebels-reported.md) _Context: LTTE, Sri Lankan Civil War_
7. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: a claymore mine explodes in northern Jaffna, killing five soldiers on patrol and two civilians working for the Caritas Internationalis aid agency. ](/news/2006/04/10/sri-lankan-civil-war-a-claymore-mine-explodes-in-northern-jaffna-killing-five-soldiers-on-patrol-and-two-civilians-working-for-the-carita.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, claymore_
8. [Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi visits Sri Lanka's Jaffna District to hand over 27,000 homes to Tamil survivors of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2015/03/14/prime-minister-of-india-narendra-modi-visits-sri-lanka-s-jaffna-district-to-hand-over-27-000-homes-to-tamil-survivors-of-the-sri-lankan-civi.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council authorises an international investigation into alleged war crimes during the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2014/03/27/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-authorises-an-international-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-during-the-sri-lankan-civil-war.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War_
10. [Sri Lanka marks the third anniversary of the end of its 26-year civil war with a large military parade in Colombo. ](/news/2012/05/19/sri-lanka-marks-the-third-anniversary-of-the-end-of-its-26-year-civil-war-with-a-large-military-parade-in-colombo.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War_
