### [2013-06-27](/news/2013/06/27/index.md)

# A US federal grand jury issues a thirty count indictment against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for his alleged role in the Boston Marathon bombings. 

Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect, was indicted Thursday and is scheduled to be arraigned on July 10.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/28/us/boston-bombing-suspect-is-indicted-on-30-counts.html)

### Related:

1. [Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is sentenced to death for his role in the Boston Marathon bombings. ](/news/2015/05/15/dzhokhar-tsarnaev-is-sentenced-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-boston-marathon-bombings.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
2. [Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev receives a guilty verdict on all legal charges against him. ](/news/2015/04/8/boston-marathon-bomber-dzhokhar-tsarnaev-receives-a-guilty-verdict-on-all-legal-charges-against-him.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
3. [Azamat Tazhayakov, a friend of accused marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty of obstruction of justice and conspiracy for trying to hide evidence during the ongoing case. ](/news/2014/07/21/azamat-tazhayakov-a-friend-of-accused-marathon-bomber-dzhokhar-tsarnaev-is-found-guilty-of-obstruction-of-justice-and-conspiracy-for-trying.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
4. [Boston Marathon bombings:Prosecutors discuss a plea deal (avoidance of the death penalty in exchange for a likely sentence of life in prison without parole) for the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Police have taken DNA from Tamerlan Tsarnaev's wife and are exploring the brothers' connection to two deceased Russian extremists. ](/news/2013/04/29/boston-marathon-bombings-pprosecutors-discuss-a-plea-deal-avoidance-of-the-death-penalty-in-exchange-for-a-likely-sentence-of-life-in-priso.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
5. [Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is transferred from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center to the federal prison facility in Fort Devens in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. ](/news/2013/04/26/boston-marathon-bombings-suspect-dzhokhar-tsarnaev-is-transferred-from-beth-israel-deaconess-medical-center-to-the-federal-prison-facility-i.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
6. [Boston Marathon bombings:Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, claims that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation briefed him that suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said that the bombers intended to attack New York City next. ](/news/2013/04/25/boston-marathon-bombings-pmichael-bloomberg-the-mayor-of-new-york-city-claims-that-the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-briefed-him-that.md) _Context: Boston Marathon bombings, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
7. [Aftermath of the Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-f.md) _Context: indicted_
8. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: indicted_
9. [Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is formally sentenced to death in a federal court. He confirms his guilt and apologizes to the victims. ](/news/2015/06/24/dzhokhar-tsarnaev-is-formally-sentenced-to-death-in-a-federal-court-he-confirms-his-guilt-and-apologizes-to-the-victims.md) _Context: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
10. [Dias Kadyrbayev, a college friend of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, is sentenced to six years for obstruction of justice and conspiracy charges after Kadyrbayev removed incriminating evidence from Tsarnaev's college dorm room. ](/news/2015/06/2/dias-kadyrbayev-a-college-friend-of-dzhokhar-tsarnaev-is-sentenced-to-six-years-for-obstruction-of-justice-and-conspiracy-charges-after-ka.md) _Context: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev_
