### [2013-06-27](/news/2013/06/27/index.md)

# The President of South Korea Park Geun-hye arrives in the People's Republic of China for four days of talks with the President of China Xi Jinping in an effort to reduce tensions on the Korean Peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/skorean-president-beijing-summit-xi)

### Related:

1. [The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.](/news/2014/07/3/the-president-of-china-xi-jinping-arrives-in-south-korea-for-talks-with-the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-days-after-a-north-ko.md) _Context: Chinese President, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, Xi Jinping_
2. [The National People's Congress names CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping as the new President of the People's Republic of China, Politburo member Li Yuanchao as the new Vice President, Li Keqiang as the new Premier, and Politburo standing member Zhang Dejiang as the Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-people-s-congress-names-cpc-general-secretary-xi-jinping-as-the-new-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-politburo-memb.md) _Context: China, Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
3. [Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft-for-his-involvement-in-the-2016-south.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
4. [Politics of Hong Kong. Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal. Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
6. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye. South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
7. [China-United States relations. Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/china-united-states-relations-donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussio.md) _Context: Chinese President, Xi Jinping_
8. [2016 South Korean political scandal. A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
9. [2016 South Korean political scandal. South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
10. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye. South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
