### [2017-08-13](/news/2017/08/13/index.md)

# A magnitude 6.5 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. 

SINGAPORE: An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 struck west of Indonesia&#039;s island of Sumatra on Sunday (Aug 13), the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said. There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage in the quake, which hit at a depth of 67km, at a distance of 81km west of the city of Bengkulu. &#034;The earthquake was quite strong and shallow, it was felt all the way to Padang, West Sumatra, but there was no threat of a tsunami,&#034; Mochammad Riyadi, an official at Indonesia&#039;s meteorology and geophysics agency told AFP. He said officials were checking if there were any casualties or damage. Bengkulu resident Neng Hasnah said the quake felt very strong for a few seconds, forcing her and her family members to flee her house. &#034;I was carrying my seven-month old granddaughter and I had to run, all the neighbours also ran outside their homes,&#034; Hasnah told AFP. TREMORS FELT IN SINGAPORE Channel NewsAsia received calls from residents in Singapore living in Toa Payoh and Farrer Road saying they felt tremors. &#034;Tremors felt in Lor 1 Toa Payoh at around 11.10am,&#034; said Andrew Tan after contacting Channel NewsAsia via WhatsApp. Some took to twitter wondering if the tremors were a result of an earthquake in the region. https://twitter.com/dogmacatmamagma/status/896570356680359937 https://twitter.com/rohitdadwal/status/896572452968341506 Twitter user Pieterldenburg posted a video of a ceiling lamp swaying: https://twitter.com/MRPIE314/status/896570511127224320 Indonesia sits on the Pacific &#034;Ring of Fire&#034; where tectonic plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity. An earthquake struck Indonesia&#039;s western Aceh province in December 2016, killing more than 100 people, injuring many more and leaving tens of thousands homeless.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/magnitude-6-5-quake-strikes-off-indonesia-s-sumatra-island-9119160)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia's Mount Sinabung erupts, killing at least six people in Sumatra. ](/news/2016/05/22/indonesia-s-mount-sinabung-erupts-killing-at-least-six-people-in-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
2. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
3. [The Indonesian state of Riau extends its haze emergency by another month while four airports in Sumatra and Kalimantan remain shut. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-indonesian-state-of-riau-extends-its-haze-emergency-by-another-month-while-four-airports-in-sumatra-and-kalimantan-remain-shut.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
4. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40  missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking  migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
5. [Seventeen students are killed and five injured when a truck carrying them to school overturns on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. ](/news/2015/05/28/seventeen-students-are-killed-and-five-injured-when-a-truck-carrying-them-to-school-overturns-on-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
6. [Smog caused by haze from forest fires on Indonesia's Sumatra island leaves 30,000 people ill. ](/news/2014/03/4/smog-caused-by-haze-from-forest-fires-on-indonesia-s-sumatra-island-leaves-30-000-people-ill.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
7. [2013 Southeast Asian haze: Haze from Indonesian forest fires in Sumatra increase air pollution in Singapore and Malaysia to hazardous levels. ](/news/2013/06/20/2013-southeast-asian-haze-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-in-sumatra-increase-air-pollution-in-singapore-and-malaysia-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
8. [A landslide in the Indonesian island of Sumatra kills at least 4 people with 18 missing. ](/news/2013/01/27/a-landslide-in-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-kills-at-least-4-people-with-18-missing.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
9. [A 6.4 magnitude earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra with one man dying while fleeing his home. ](/news/2012/07/25/a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-with-one-man-dying-while-fleeing-his-home.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
10. [Forest fires in Sumatra, Indonesia, cause a thick haze to drift over Singapore. ](/news/2010/10/22/forest-fires-in-sumatra-indonesia-cause-a-thick-haze-to-drift-over-singapore.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
