### [2017-08-13](/news/2017/08/13/index.md)

# A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. 

A commando operation backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters has killed 25 members of the Islamic State jihadist group in central Syria, a monitor said Sunday. Supported by regime ally Russia, Syria&#x27;s army has waged a months-long offensive to recapture the vast desert region that stretches from


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](https://www.yahoo.com/news/commandos-kill-25-jihadists-central-syria-monitor-093231505.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/2O7Ad1jZvz9wGFTSxpUVDw--/aD03Njg7dz0xMDI0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/0fd7e7b7e15e3256f03dc142a80fd00e7bbb01c0.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Army retakes control of al-Qaryatayn, Homs Governorate, after driving out ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-syrian-army-retakes-control-of-al-qaryatayn-homs-governorate-after-driving-out-isil-militants.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-retakes-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-salma-in-the-northern-latakia-governorate-the-town.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Army troops break an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant siege of the Kweires airbase in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/10/syrian-army-troops-break-an-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-siege-of-the-kweires-airbase-in-the-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-has-kidnapped-at-least-230-people-including-at-least-60-christians-from-al-qaryat.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Syrian Army breaks the nine month long siege of the Deir ez-Zor Airport by ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/09/9/the-syrian-army-breaks-the-nine-month-long-siege-of-the-deir-ez-zor-airport-by-isil-militants.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
