## [2017-08-13](/news/2017/08/13/index.md)

### [During combat operations in northern Iraq, two U.S. service members are killed and five injured. ](/news/2017/08/13/during-combat-operations-in-northern-iraq-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-five-injured.md)
Two U.S. service members were killed and five injured during combat operations in northern Iraq on Sunday, the military said, adding that initial reports indicated the incident was not due to enemy contact.

### [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md)
A commando operation backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters has killed 25 members of the Islamic State jihadist group in central Syria, a monitor said Sunday. Supported by regime ally Russia, Syria&#x27;s army has waged a months-long offensive to recapture the vast desert region that stretches from

### [At least 17 people, including two Canadians, are reported dead and eight others injured in an attack on a Turkish themed restaurant in Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. ](/news/2017/08/13/at-least-17-people-including-two-canadians-are-reported-dead-and-eight-others-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-turkish-themed-restaurant-in-ouaga.md)
At least 17 people, including foreigners, were reportedly shot dead as suspected Islamist militants attacked a Turkish restaurant in central Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina-Faso, and started a gun battle with the military.

### [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of  casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-building.md)
SINGAPORE: An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 struck west of Indonesia&#039;s island of Sumatra on Sunday (Aug 13), the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said. There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage in the quake, which hit at a depth of 67km, at a distance of 81km west of the city of Bengkulu. &#034;The earthquake was quite strong and shallow, it was felt all the way to Padang, West Sumatra, but there was no threat of a tsunami,&#034; Mochammad Riyadi, an official at Indonesia&#039;s meteorology and geophysics agency told AFP. He said officials were checking if there were any casualties or damage. Bengkulu resident Neng Hasnah said the quake felt very strong for a few seconds, forcing her and her family members to flee her house. &#034;I was carrying my seven-month old granddaughter and I had to run, all the neighbours also ran outside their homes,&#034; Hasnah told AFP. TREMORS FELT IN SINGAPORE Channel NewsAsia received calls from residents in Singapore living in Toa Payoh and Farrer Road saying they felt tremors. &#034;Tremors felt in Lor 1 Toa Payoh at around 11.10am,&#034; said Andrew Tan after contacting Channel NewsAsia via WhatsApp. Some took to twitter wondering if the tremors were a result of an earthquake in the region. https://twitter.com/dogmacatmamagma/status/896570356680359937 https://twitter.com/rohitdadwal/status/896572452968341506 Twitter user Pieterldenburg posted a video of a ceiling lamp swaying: https://twitter.com/MRPIE314/status/896570511127224320 Indonesia sits on the Pacific &#034;Ring of Fire&#034; where tectonic plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity. An earthquake struck Indonesia&#039;s western Aceh province in December 2016, killing more than 100 people, injuring many more and leaving tens of thousands homeless.

### [At least 44 are killed in a landslide on a highway in the northern India province of Himachal Pradesh. ](/news/2017/08/13/at-least-44-are-killed-in-a-landslide-on-a-highway-in-the-northern-india-province-of-himachal-pradesh.md)
_Context: August 2017 Nepal and India floods, Himachal Pradesh, highway_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2017/08/12/index.md)

