### [2010-11-18](/news/2010/11/18/index.md)

# Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11782356)

### Related:

1. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
3. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Thousands of people are expected to demonstrate in Dublin against European Union / International Monetary Fund budget cuts. ](/news/2011/07/16/thousands-of-people-are-expected-to-demonstrate-in-dublin-against-european-union-international-monetary-fund-budget-cuts.md) _Context: Dublin, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Irish financial crisis:Fine Gael speaks out against the high interest rate imposed by the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank and their insistence that the country pay EUR17 billion out of its own national pension fund. ](/news/2010/11/29/irish-financial-crisis-pfine-gael-speaks-out-against-the-high-interest-rate-imposed-by-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-european-cent.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund, falls back into recession_
6. [ Approximately 120,000 people march in Dublin, Ireland, to protest the government's handling of the country's economic and banking crises. ](/news/2009/02/21/approximately-120-000-people-march-in-dublin-ireland-to-protest-the-government-s-handling-of-the-country-s-economic-and-banking-crises.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish government, falls back into recession_
7. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
8. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
