### [2003-11-20](/news/2003/11/20/index.md)

#  Between 110,000 (according to the police) and 300,000 (according to the organization) people demonstrate in and around Trafalgar Square in London against the war in Iraq and George W. Bush's state visit.




### Related:

1. [ During his visit to London, President Bush plans to meet the families of UK troops killed in Iraq. Two US troops are killed near Samarra when their vehicle is blown up. US forces kill seven Iraqis thought to have been preparing a rocket attack. Pentagon bans cameras at funerals in Arlington National Cemetery. Coverage of bodies arriving at Dover Air Force Base is already banned.](/news/2003/11/14/during-his-visit-to-london-president-bush-plans-to-meet-the-families-of-uk-troops-killed-in-iraq-two-us-troops-are-killed-near-samarra-wh.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, London_
2. [Demonstrators gather outside the Iranian Embassy in London to protest against an attack on Iranian exiles in Iraq, an attack reportedly ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2011/01/9/demonstrators-gather-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-london-to-protest-against-an-attack-on-iranian-exiles-in-iraq-an-attack-reportedly-orde.md) _Context: Iraq, London_
3. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
4. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
5. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
6. [ In an interview, U.S. President George W. Bush names No Child Left Behind as one of his most significant achievements and hopes to be remembered for the current situation in Iraq ](/news/2008/11/29/in-an-interview-u-s-president-george-w-bush-names-no-child-left-behind-as-one-of-his-most-significant-achievements-and-hopes-to-be-remem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
7. [ US President George W. Bush pledges 4,500 troops to Afghanistan over the next few months and orders 8,000 troops currently stationed in Iraq to be home by February. ](/news/2008/09/9/us-president-george-w-bush-pledges-4-500-troops-to-afghanistan-over-the-next-few-months-and-orders-8-000-troops-currently-stationed-in-ira.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
10. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
