### [2003-11-20](/news/2003/11/20/index.md)

#  Terrorist attacks: Bombs hit Istanbul, Turkey. At least 25 are killed and hundreds injured in two car-bomb blasts that devastate the Turkish headquarters of HSBC and the British consulate. British Consul-General Roger Short is among the dead. The Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front (IBDA-C), a radical Islamist group, claims responsibility.




### Related:

1. [ Two car bombs explode outside synagogues in Istanbul, Turkey, at about 0700 UTC (1000 local time), killing at least 20 people and injuring another 250. A radical Islamist group, the Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front, claims responsibility.](/news/2003/11/15/two-car-bombs-explode-outside-synagogues-in-istanbul-turkey-at-about-0700-utc-1000-local-time-killing-at-least-20-people-and-injuring.md) _Context: Great Eastern Islamic Raiders' Front, Istanbul, Turkey, car bomb_
2. [Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb-explosion-near-the-main-tour.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, car bomb_
3. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
4. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: Turkey, terrorism_
5. [At least 13 people are killed and 56 others are wounded in a car bomb attack on a bus carrying off-duty soldiers in Kayseri Province, central Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/17/at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-56-others-are-wounded-in-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-bus-carrying-off-duty-soldiers-in-kayseri-province-centra.md) _Context: Turkey, car bomb_
6. [Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29-people-and-injure-more-than-150.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
7. [A suspected car bomb outside the office of the governor of the southern Turkish province of Adana kills at least two people and injures 16. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-suspected-car-bomb-outside-the-office-of-the-governor-of-the-southern-turkish-province-of-adana-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-16.md) _Context: Turkey, car bomb_
8. [A motorcycle bomb in the Yenibosna neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, injures 10 civilians. ](/news/2016/10/6/a-motorcycle-bomb-in-the-yenibosna-neighborhood-of-istanbul-turkey-injures-10-civilians.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
9. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
10. [Turkey opens the Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge in Istanbul, one of the world's biggest suspension bridges. ](/news/2016/08/26/turkey-opens-the-yavuz-sultan-selim-bridge-in-istanbul-one-of-the-world-s-biggest-suspension-bridges.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
