### [2003-11-20](/news/2003/11/20/index.md)

#  The FTAA negotiations in Miami end one day early; a menu approach is adopted to assure the future of the agreement, allowing individual countries to opt out of controversial or unacceptable provisions. Between 10,000 and 25,000 protestors demonstrate outside the conference center; the police use rubber bullets, and over 100 people are arrested.




### Related:

1. [Several streets in Miami and Miami Beach are underwater after Tropical Depression Emily causes 102 to 178 millimetres of rain overnight. ](/news/2017/08/2/several-streets-in-miami-and-miami-beach-are-underwater-after-tropical-depression-emily-causes-102-to-178-millimetres-of-rain-overnight.md) _Context: Miami_
2. [Former president of Panama Ricardo Martinelli is denied bond by United States magistrate judge Edwin Torres. He is accused of charges that include illegally monitoring phone and other conversations of at least 150 people. Martinelli was arrested in Miami last month on an extradition warrant from Panama. ](/news/2017/07/7/former-president-of-panama-ricardo-martinelli-is-denied-bond-by-united-states-magistrate-judge-edwin-torres-he-is-accused-of-charges-that-i.md) _Context: Miami_
3. [The first infection outside Miami in Florida is discovered in Pinellas County. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-first-infection-outside-miami-in-florida-is-discovered-in-pinellas-county.md) _Context: Miami_
4. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Miami_
5. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Miami_
6. [American Airlines halts flights for 90 minutes at its major hubs in Chicago, Dallas, and Miami because of a computer glitch. The incident produces a cascading effect of delays throughout all US airlines. ](/news/2015/09/17/american-airlines-halts-flights-for-90-minutes-at-its-major-hubs-in-chicago-dallas-and-miami-because-of-a-computer-glitch-the-incident-pr.md) _Context: Miami_
7. [The Miss Universe pageant crowns Miss Colombia Paulina Vega in Miami, Florida. ](/news/2015/01/25/the-miss-universe-pageant-crowns-miss-colombia-paulina-vega-in-miami-florida.md) _Context: Miami_
8. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: Miami_
9. [A US$1 million vase made by Chinese dissident Ai Wei Wei is destroyed in Miami by a local vandal protesting the lack of exhibits promoting local art. ](/news/2014/02/18/a-us-1-million-vase-made-by-chinese-dissident-ai-wei-wei-is-destroyed-in-miami-by-a-local-vandal-protesting-the-lack-of-exhibits-promoting-l.md) _Context: Miami_
10. [Police use water cannon, tear gas and rubber bullets on thousands of civilians gathered in Istanbul's Taksim Square for a memorial to the 4 protestors killed in previous days. ](/news/2013/06/22/police-use-water-cannon-tear-gas-and-rubber-bullets-on-thousands-of-civilians-gathered-in-istanbul-s-taksim-square-for-a-memorial-to-the-4.md) _Context: rubber bullet_
