### [2011-12-10](/news/2011/12/10/index.md)

# New Zealand general election and voting system referendum:: Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. 




### Source:

1. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/election-2011/overwhelming-support-keep-mmp-4625676)
2. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/politics-news/paula-bennett-loses-waitakere-electorate-4623009)

### Related:

1. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: ACT, New Zealand National Party, United Future, minority government_
2. [ A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. ](/news/2008/11/8/a-coalition-consisting-of-the-national-party-act-and-united-future-wins-a-majority-of-seats-in-the-parliament-of-new-zealand-ending-nine.md) _Context: ACT, New Zealand National Party, United Future_
3. [New Zealand National Party leadership election, 2016: Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/new-zealand-national-party-leadership-election-2016-australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-maj.md) _Context: John Key, New Zealand National Party_
4. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: John Key, New Zealand National Party_
5. [Prime Minister of New Zealand, John Key, announces a general election for November 26, giving an unusually long notice for poll. ](/news/2011/02/2/prime-minister-of-new-zealand-john-key-announces-a-general-election-for-november-26-giving-an-unusually-long-notice-for-poll.md) _Context: John Key, New Zealand general election_
6. [ John Key is elected leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, with Bill English as his deputy. Both were unopposed. ](/news/2006/11/27/john-key-is-elected-leader-of-the-opposition-new-zealand-national-party-with-bill-english-as-his-deputy-both-were-unopposed.md) _Context: John Key, New Zealand National Party_
7. [New Zealand National Party leadership election, 2016: Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/new-zealand-national-party-leadership-election-2016-bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
8. [Fiji-New Zealand relations: New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji, the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions. ](/news/2016/06/9/fiji-new-zealand-relations-new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup.md) _Context: John Key_
9. [Tea tape scandal: New Zealand Prime Minister John Key settles a defamation case with freelance cameraman Bradley Ambrose, acknowledging comments he made about the man caused him professional and personal harm. ](/news/2016/03/21/tea-tape-scandal-new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-settles-a-defamation-case-with-freelance-cameraman-bradley-ambrose-acknowledging-comm.md) _Context: John Key_
10. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru-s detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: John Key_
