### [2013-12-12](/news/2013/12/12/index.md)

# Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela:. The body of Nelson Mandela is lain-in-state in the federal government district of Pretoria. 

After an official send-off ceremony held by the African National Congress in Pretoria, Nelson Mandela&rsquo;s body made one final journey to his home town of Qunu for burial Sunday.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/body-of-nelson-mandela-lies-in-state-in-south-africa/2013/12/11/b70dc88e-626a-11e3-aa81-e1dab1360323_gallery.html#photo=1)

### Related:

1. [Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela:. The body of Nelson Mandela is buried after a state funeral is held in his ancestral home of Qunu. ](/news/2013/12/15/death-and-state-funeral-of-nelson-mandela-the-body-of-nelson-mandela-is-buried-after-a-state-funeral-is-held-in-his-ancestral-home-of-qunu.md) _Context: Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela_
2. [Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela. The remains of Nelson Mandela are flown to the province of Eastern Cape, a day before his state funeral is held in Qunu. ](/news/2013/12/14/death-and-state-funeral-of-nelson-mandela-the-remains-of-nelson-mandela-are-flown-to-the-province-of-eastern-cape-a-day-before-his-state-f.md) _Context: Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela_
3. [Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela:. The body of Nelson Mandela is to be flown to Qunu in the Eastern Cape where he is to be laid to rest. ](/news/2013/12/13/death-and-state-funeral-of-nelson-mandela-the-body-of-nelson-mandela-is-to-be-flown-to-qunu-in-the-eastern-cape-where-he-is-to-be-laid-to.md) _Context: Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela_
4. [Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela:. The life of Nelson Mandela is celebrated in a memorial service in Johannesburg. ](/news/2013/12/10/death-and-state-funeral-of-nelson-mandela-the-life-of-nelson-mandela-is-celebrated-in-a-memorial-service-in-johannesburg.md) _Context: Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela_
5. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is discharged from hospital in the capital Pretoria. ](/news/2013/09/1/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-discharged-from-hospital-in-the-capital-pretoria.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, Pretoria_
6. [Former South African president Nelson Mandela is readmitted to a Pretoria hospital in a serious condition with a recurring lung infection. ](/news/2013/06/8/former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-is-readmitted-to-a-pretoria-hospital-in-a-serious-condition-with-a-recurring-lung-infection.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, Pretoria_
7. [South African President Jacob Zuma cancels his scheduled trip to Mozambique after a visit to the critically ill former president Nelson Mandela in a Pretoria hospital. ](/news/2013/06/26/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-cancels-his-scheduled-trip-to-mozambique-after-a-visit-to-the-critically-ill-former-president-nelson-mand.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, Pretoria_
8. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, 94, in still-fragile health, is released from the hospital in Pretoria, South Africa to receive continuing at-home care. He had had his longest period of hospitalization (more than 2 weeks) there since his 1990 release from prison, as the result of a gallstone removal operation and a lung infection. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-94-in-still-fragile-health-is-released-from-the-hospital-in-preto.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, Pretoria_
9. [Oscar Pistorius is admitted to a Pretoria hospital after sustaining injuries to his wrists. Blades are subsequently found in a search of his cell. ](/news/2016/08/7/oscar-pistorius-is-admitted-to-a-pretoria-hospital-after-sustaining-injuries-to-his-wrists-blades-are-subsequently-found-in-a-search-of-his.md) _Context: Pretoria_
10. [South African municipal elections, 2016. With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues, will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent. The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities: Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. ](/news/2016/08/4/south-african-municipal-elections-2016-with-more-than-half-the-vote-counted-the-ruling-african-national-congress-anc-is-ahead-on-53-2-p.md) _Context: Pretoria_
