### [2013-12-12](/news/2013/12/12/index.md)

# Euromaidan:Sanctions are being considered by the United States against Ukraine after the recent violent dispersal of protests. 

The US state department says it is considering all options, including sanctions, towards Ukraine after riot police moved in on protesters.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25342698)

### Related:

1. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
2. [The United States extends sanctions against Russia over its military intervention in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-united-states-extends-sanctions-against-russia-over-its-military-intervention-in-ukraine.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
3. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
4. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine.  While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned  of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russia and Ukraine together with the United States and the European Union sit down for emergency talks in Geneva. All four agree that "illegal military formations in Ukraine" must be dissolved, and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them. There would be an amnesty for all anti-government protesters under the agreement. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussia-and-ukraine-together-with-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-sit-down-for-emergency-talks-i.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
6. [2014 Crimean crisis - Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
7. [Russia says planned U.S. financial aid to Ukraine is illegal. ](/news/2014/03/12/russia-says-planned-u-s-financial-aid-to-ukraine-is-illegal.md) _Context: American, Ukraine_
8. [Euromaidan:The Ukrainian government and opposition agree to form a unity government and to hold early elections. ](/news/2014/02/21/euromaidan-pthe-ukrainian-government-and-opposition-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-and-to-hold-early-elections.md) _Context: Euromaidan, Ukraine_
9. [Euromaidan:Violent clashes between police forces and opposition demonstrators reignite in Kiev, Ukraine. The death toll rises to 14, six of them policemen who were shot dead during the confrontation. ](/news/2014/02/18/euromaidan-pviolent-clashes-between-police-forces-and-opposition-demonstrators-reignite-in-kiev-ukraine-the-death-toll-rises-to-14-six-of.md) _Context: Euromaidan, Ukraine_
10. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev's city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych's rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kievas-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Euromaidan, Ukraine_
