### [2013-12-12](/news/2013/12/12/index.md)

# Mexico's Congress passes a bill that will allow foreign investment in its state-run oil company, Pemex. The measure still requires the approval of a majority of the country's federal entities. date=December 2013




### Related:

1. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
2. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
3. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
4. [Torre Ejecutiva Pemex explosion: A blast at Torre Ejecutiva Pemex, the headquarters of Pemex in Mexico City, Mexico, kills 36 and injures 126 people. ](/news/2013/01/31/torre-ejecutiva-pemex-explosion-a-blast-at-torre-ejecutiva-pemex-the-headquarters-of-pemex-in-mexico-city-mexico-kills-36-and-injures-12.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
5. [Thieves tapping a Pemex oil pipeline cause a diesel fuel spill south of Tijuana in Mexico. ](/news/2011/02/9/thieves-tapping-a-pemex-oil-pipeline-cause-a-diesel-fuel-spill-south-of-tijuana-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
6. [ A storm in the Gulf of Mexico kills 18 Mexican oil workers fleeing an oil rig, with Navy rescue teams trying to reach survivors. ](/news/2007/10/24/a-storm-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-kills-18-mexican-oil-workers-fleeing-an-oil-rig-with-navy-rescue-teams-trying-to-reach-survivors.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
7. [ Mexico and Brazil sign an agreement on developing technology for oil and natural gas exploration and exploitation involving co-operation between Pemex and Petrobras. ](/news/2007/08/6/mexico-and-brazil-sign-an-agreement-on-developing-technology-for-oil-and-natural-gas-exploration-and-exploitation-involving-co-operation-be.md) _Context: Mexico, PEMEX_
8. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexico_
9. [Ciudad Juarez-based newspaper ''Norte'' closes its print edition, citing a lack of security in Mexico. ](/news/2017/04/2/ciudad-jua-rez-based-newspaper-norte-closes-its-print-edition-citing-a-lack-of-security-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [Mexico states that it will reject third-country deportees. ](/news/2017/02/24/mexico-states-that-it-will-reject-third-country-deportees.md) _Context: Mexico_
