### [2013-12-12](/news/2013/12/12/index.md)

# The United Nations says that the legalization of marijuana in Uruguay is a violation of international law. 




### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/11/uruguay-marijuana-illegal_n_4426789.html)

### Related:

1. [The government of Uruguay legalizes the medical usage of marijuana, restricting legal purchases to Uruguayans in that country. ](/news/2013/08/1/the-government-of-uruguay-legalizes-the-medical-usage-of-marijuana-restricting-legal-purchases-to-uruguayans-in-that-country.md) _Context: Uruguay, marijuana_
2. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
3. [ A United Nations plane from Uruguay attached to MINUSTAH monitoring the Haiti&ndash;Dominican Republic border crashes near Fonds-Verrettes, killing at least 11 people from Jordan and Uruguay. ](/news/2009/10/9/a-united-nations-plane-from-uruguay-attached-to-minustah-monitoring-the-haiti-ndash-dominican-republic-border-crashes-near-fonds-verrettes.md) _Context: United Nations, Uruguay_
4. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
5. [ Leaked excerpts from the United Nations' report into Zimbabwe's Operation Murambatsvina state that the operation has been a "disastrous venture" that has violated international law and created a grave humanitarian crisis. It further suggests that the act might qualify as a crime against humanity and urged Zimbabwe to prosecute those responsible. ](/news/2005/07/22/leaked-excerpts-from-the-united-nations-report-into-zimbabwe-s-operation-murambatsvina-state-that-the-operation-has-been-a-disastrous-ven.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
6. [Syria chemical weapons program. Sanctions against North Korea. Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS. According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: United Nations_
