### [2007-04-5](/news/2007/04/5/index.md)

#  Former rebel leader Ramzan Kadyrov takes office as President of Chechnya. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6528427.stm)

### Related:

1. [LGBT rights in Russia. Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains -absolute lies and disinformation- since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/lgbt-rights-in-russia-russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figure.md) _Context: Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov_
2. [At least 19 people are killed in a fire fight between President of Chechnya Ramzan Kadyrov's personal guards and protesters in Tsentoroi. ](/news/2010/08/29/at-least-19-people-are-killed-in-a-fire-fight-between-president-of-chechnya-ramzan-kadyrov-s-personal-guards-and-protesters-in-tsentoroi.md) _Context: President of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov_
3. [ The Parliament of Chechnya appoints Ramzan Kadyrov as the President of Chechnya after his nomination by the President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2007/03/2/the-parliament-of-chechnya-appoints-ramzan-kadyrov-as-the-president-of-chechnya-after-his-nomination-by-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-pu.md) _Context: President of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov_
4. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-gua.md) _Context: Chechnya_
5. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [North Caucasus clashes. A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-caucasus-clashes-a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on.md) _Context: Chechnya_
7. [ The Grozny Chechnya office of the Committee Against Torture NGO is attacked by masked men who came out of a crowd of protesters. They broke down the door and trashed the office. National Leader Ramzan Kadyrov speculated the attack could have been carried out by relatives of Dzhambulat Dadayev upset that the NGO which investigates torture did not lead protests of the shooting of Dadayev by law enforcement officers from another region. ](/news/2015/06/3/the-grozny-chechnya-office-of-the-committee-against-torture-ngo-is-attacked-by-masked-men-who-came-out-of-a-crowd-of-protesters-they-broke.md) _Context: Ramzan Kadyrov_
8. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov. The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [The city of Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya holds a protest with 60% of the population in attendance in opposition to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. ](/news/2015/01/19/the-city-of-grozny-in-the-russian-republic-of-chechnya-holds-a-protest-with-60-of-the-population-in-attendance-in-opposition-to-the-charlie.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-five-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of.md) _Context: Chechnya_
