### [2007-04-5](/news/2007/04/5/index.md)

#  The Greek cruise ship M/S ''Sea Diamond'', with 1,153 passengers and 390 crew, runs aground off Santorini and sinks on the following day. No serious injuries are reported, but Frenchman Jean-Christophe Allain, 45, and his daughter Maud, 16, are reportedly missing. 

Greek rescuers searched for two French tourists missing after the evacuation of a cruise ship which ran aground off the Aegean island of Santorini before sinking on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSL0643714720070406)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6532235.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The captain of the Greek cruise ship M/S ''Sea Diamond'' is charged in Greece with criminal negligence in connection with its sinking.  If the two missing passengers are found dead, he may face more serious charges. ](/news/2007/04/7/the-captain-of-the-greek-cruise-ship-m-s-sea-diamond-is-charged-in-greece-with-criminal-negligence-in-connection-with-its-sinking-if.md) _Context: Greece, M/S ''Sea Diamond'', cruise ship_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Greece_
3. [Israel's navy confiscates a French yacht bound for Gaza, which departed from Greece and attempted to run the blockade after repeated warnings to make for Ashdod instead.  No casualties are reported. ](/news/2011/07/19/israel-s-navy-confiscates-a-french-yacht-bound-for-gaza-which-departed-from-greece-and-attempted-to-run-the-blockade-after-repeated-warning.md) _Context: France, Greece_
4. [Two men are charged with terrorism following parcel bomb attacks in Greece, as a 14th bomb addressed to the French embassy in Athens is detonated by police. ](/news/2010/11/4/two-men-are-charged-with-terrorism-following-parcel-bomb-attacks-in-greece-as-a-14th-bomb-addressed-to-the-french-embassy-in-athens-is-deto.md) _Context: France, Greece_
5. [ Wildfires in France, Greece, Sardinia and Spain kill and injure dozens. ](/news/2009/07/25/wildfires-in-france-greece-sardinia-and-spain-kill-and-injure-dozens.md) _Context: France, Greece_
6. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: France, Greece_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: France_
10. [An explosion occurs at a carnival in Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis, France, injuring at least 18 people. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-explosion-occurs-at-a-carnival-in-villepinte-seine-saint-denis-france-injuring-at-least-18-people.md) _Context: France_
