### [2002-11-16](/news/2002/11/16/index.md)

# Abdullah Gl becomes the new prime minister of Turkey.




### Related:

1. [ The Grand National Assembly starts voting to select a new President of Turkey. The frontrunner Foreign Minister Abdullah Gl fails to achieve a necessary two-thirds majority in the first round with 341 out of 550 but is highly likely to be elected in later rounds when a simple majority of 50 per cent is required. ](/news/2007/08/20/the-grand-national-assembly-starts-voting-to-select-a-new-president-of-turkey-the-frontrunner-foreign-minister-abdullah-gul-fails-to-achie.md) _Context: Abdullah Gl, Turkish_
2. [ Foreign Minister of Turkey Abdullah Gl is nominated as the AK Party candidate for President of Turkey. ](/news/2007/04/24/foreign-minister-of-turkey-abdullah-gul-is-nominated-as-the-ak-party-candidate-for-president-of-turkey.md) _Context: Abdullah Gl, Turkish_
3. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkish_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkish_
5. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkish_
6. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Turkish_
7. [A bus carrying tourists crashes near the resort town of Marmaris in southwest Turkey, killing at least 17 people and leaving 13 others injured. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-bus-carrying-tourists-crashes-near-the-resort-town-of-marmaris-in-southwest-turkey-killing-at-least-17-people-and-leaving-13-others-injur.md) _Context: Turkish_
8. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Turkish_
9. [Media freedom in Turkey, Monitoring group Turkey Blocks reports that a provisional administrative order blocks access to all language editions of Wikipedia in Turkey. ](/news/2017/04/29/media-freedom-in-turkey-monitoring-group-turkey-blocks-reports-that-a-provisional-administrative-order-blocks-access-to-all-language-editio.md) _Context: Turkish_
10. [A Russian Navy spy ship sinks off the coast of Turkey after colliding with a Togo-flagged freighter. All 78 crew aboard the ship were safely evacuated, according to Turkish officials. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-russian-navy-spy-ship-sinks-off-the-coast-of-turkey-after-colliding-with-a-togo-flagged-freighter-all-78-crew-aboard-the-ship-were-safely.md) _Context: Turkish_
