### [2011-11-9](/news/2011/11/9/index.md)

# The British Ministry of Defence suspends training flights in aircraft with ejector seats similar to that which killed a Red Arrows pilot on Tuesday. 

The MoD suspends training flights in aircraft with ejector seats like the one in which Red Arrows pilot Flt Lt Sean Cunningham died.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-15655865)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
2. [A British Red Arrows pilot dies after being accidentally ejected from his BAE Hawk jet aircraft while on the ground at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire. ](/news/2011/11/8/a-british-red-arrows-pilot-dies-after-being-accidentally-ejected-from-his-bae-hawk-jet-aircraft-while-on-the-ground-at-raf-scampton-in-linco.md) _Context: Red Arrows, ejected_
3. [The UK Ministry of Defence unveils ''Taranis'', its new long-range unmanned plane intended to damage enemy territory. Tests are due to begin in 2011. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-unveils-taranis-its-new-long-range-unmanned-plane-intended-to-damage-enemy-territory-tests-are-due-to-begin.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
4. [ The British Ministry of Defence announces that Prince Harry will have to return home from his deployment in Afghanistan as recent publicity made it too dangerous for him to stay there. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-british-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-prince-harry-will-have-to-return-home-from-his-deployment-in-afghanistan-as-recent-publicity.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
5. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces plans to release their UFO files to the public, seven weeks after France's space agency CNES opened its UFO files to the public. ](/news/2007/05/3/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-plans-to-release-their-ufo-files-to-the-public-seven-weeks-after-france-s-space-agency.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
6. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces that HRH Prince Harry of the British Royal Family will not be deployed to Iraq as originally planned, due to the security risks to both himself and his regiment the Blues and Royals. ](/news/2007/05/16/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-hrh-prince-harry-of-the-british-royal-family-will-not-be-deployed-to-iraq-as-origin.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
7. [ The United Kingdom Ministry of Defence bans any more of the 15 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines held captive by Iran from selling their stories to the media reversing a previous decision following widespread criticism. ](/news/2007/04/9/the-united-kingdom-ministry-of-defence-bans-any-more-of-the-15-royal-navy-sailors-and-royal-marines-held-captive-by-iran-from-selling-their.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
8. [In the United Kingdom, the Ministry of Defence's policy since this day is to allow homosexual men, lesbians and transgender personnel to join any of the British Armed Forces, and discrimination on a sexual orientation basis is forbidden. It is also forbidden for someone to pressure LGBT people to come out.](/news/2000/01/12/in-the-united-kingdom-the-ministry-of-defence-s-policy-since-this-day-is-to-allow-homosexual-men-lesbians-and-transgender-personnel-to-joi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, UK_
9. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
