### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  2007 Greek forest fires: The Prime Minister of Greece Costas Karamanlis says that the fires are now under control after killing 64 people and causing GBP800 million worth of damage. 




### Source:

1. [Press Association via Google News](http://ukpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5gXVAU0iKghVWoSwgvg226_geDz_A)

### Related:

1. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
2. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing GBP245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-agbp24.md) _Context: GBP_
3. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense.md) _Context: GBP_
4. [The pound sterling sustains a flash crash, dropping from an exchange rate of $1.23 per pound to $1.13 in a few minutes of trading today, then gaining much of it back. Observers blame this development on algorithmic trading. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-pound-sterling-sustains-a-flash-crash-dropping-from-an-exchange-rate-of-1-23-per-pound-to-1-13-in-a-few-minutes-of-trading-today-the.md) _Context: GBP_
5. [Following the Brexit vote and the subsequent drop in the exchange rate of the British pound to U.S. dollar, the FTSE 100 Index reaches an all-time intra-day high of 7,129. ](/news/2016/10/11/following-the-brexit-vote-and-the-subsequent-drop-in-the-exchange-rate-of-the-british-pound-to-u-s-dollar-the-ftse-100-index-reaches-an-al.md) _Context: GBP_
6. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at GBP52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-agbp52.md) _Context: GBP_
7. [Brexit impact: The value of the British pound initially falls by more than 2% as Asian markets open to a decline. ](/news/2016/06/27/brexit-impact-the-value-of-the-british-pound-initially-falls-by-more-than-2-as-asian-markets-open-to-a-decline.md) _Context: GBP_
8. [Brexit impact: The British pound and FTSE 100 Index for the London Stock Exchange both fall in trading as early results from the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum show a stronger than expected result for Leave. ](/news/2016/06/24/brexit-impact-the-british-pound-and-ftse-100-index-for-the-london-stock-exchange-both-fall-in-trading-as-early-results-from-the-united-king.md) _Context: GBP_
9. [European migrant crisis: Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-wa.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
