### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  A concrete and steel fence is built in Sydney to protect leaders attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting next week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6973631.stm)

### Related:

1. [2017 Islamic inspired bomb plot on Australian aeroplane. Australian federal police conduct raids in four separate suburbs of Sydney, detaining individuals and confiscating materials involved in a suspected terrorist plot to bomb an aircraft. ](/news/2017/07/29/2017-islamic-inspired-bomb-plot-on-australian-aeroplane-australian-federal-police-conduct-raids-in-four-separate-suburbs-of-sydney-detaini.md) _Context: Sydney_
2. [Russia-United States relations. APEC Peru 2016. President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-united-states-relations-apec-peru-2016-president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacifi.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
3. [ Australian east coast low. New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: Sydney_
4. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area in suburban Sydney, Australia. All hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-police.md) _Context: Sydney_
5. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash; whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-nakam.md) _Context: Sydney_
6. [Terrorism in Australia. Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-a.md) _Context: Sydney_
7. [APEC Philippines 2015. Asia-Pacific leaders, in the Philippines for the 2015 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting, which has been overshadowed by the concurrent Paris attacks, call on governments to urgently increase cooperation in the fight against terrorism. ](/news/2015/11/19/apec-philippines-2015-asia-pacific-leaders-in-the-philippines-for-the-2015-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-apec-meeting-which-has-bee.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
8. [APEC Philippines 2015. Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama-s comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/apec-philippines-2015-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artifici.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
9. [Japan-Philippines relations. Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
10. [A 15-year old boy shoots and kills a civilian NSW Police employee outside the NSW Police headquarters in Parramatta, Sydney. The incident is labelled as a terrorist attack. ](/news/2015/10/2/a-15-year-old-boy-shoots-and-kills-a-civilian-nsw-police-employee-outside-the-nsw-police-headquarters-in-parramatta-sydney-the-incident-is.md) _Context: Sydney_
