### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  Finland ceased all of its analog television transmissions in the terrestrial network as part of the digital switchover. (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [2017 Turku stabbing. At least two people are reportedly killed, and several others wounded in a stabbing in Turku, Finland. Police said they arrested one person after a shootout and had launched a manhunt for other possible attackers. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-turku-stabbing-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-and-several-others-wounded-in-a-stabbing-in-turku-finland-police-said-they.md) _Context: Finland_
2. [Finnish municipal elections, 2017. Voters go to the polls for municipal elections in Finland. ](/news/2017/04/9/finnish-municipal-elections-2017-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-in-finland.md) _Context: Finland_
3. [China-Finland relations. Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/china-finland-relations-chinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Finland_
4. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Finland_
5. [Imatra shooting. Three women, the Imatra Town Council chairwoman and two local reporters, are shot dead outside a restaurant in Imatra, Finland, a town east of the capital, Helsinki. A 23-year-old suspect is apprehended by police. ](/news/2016/12/4/imatra-shooting-three-women-the-imatra-town-council-chairwoman-and-two-local-reporters-are-shot-dead-outside-a-restaurant-in-imatra-finl.md) _Context: Finland_
6. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Finland_
7. [British-born American Oliver Hart and Finnish Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel Prize in Economics for their work on the science of contracts. ](/news/2016/10/10/british-born-american-oliver-hart-and-finnish-bengt-holmstrapm-win-the-nobel-prize-in-economics-for-their-work-on-the-science-of-contracts.md) _Context: Finland_
8. [A court sentences five members of the Cuba men's national volleyball team to prison for a gang rape of a Finnish woman that took place in Tampere, Finland, in July 2016 during the FIVB Volleyball World League. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-court-sentences-five-members-of-the-cuba-men-s-national-volleyball-team-to-prison-for-a-gang-rape-of-a-finnish-woman-that-took-place-in-ta.md) _Context: Finland_
9. [Eight members of the Cuba men's national volleyball team, which is supposed to participate in the 2016 Summer Olympics, are arrested for aggravated group rape in Tampere, Finland, with two later being released. ](/news/2016/07/4/eight-members-of-the-cuba-men-s-national-volleyball-team-which-is-supposed-to-participate-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-are-arrested-for-agg.md) _Context: Finland_
10. [Finland-Russia relations. Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/finland-russia-relations-following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-th.md) _Context: Finland_
