### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32. This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent. Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. 




### Source:

1. [Ann Arbor News](http://www.mlive.com/wolverines/index.ssf/2007/09/appalachian_state_derails_mich.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. ](/news/2007/10/7/u-s-college-football-on-the-heels-of-last-week-s-historic-ap-poll-shakeup-another-one-of-comparable-size-occurs-in-which-four-top-ten-t.md) _Context: AP Poll, college football_
2. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: AP Poll, college football_
3. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: NCAA_
4. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: NCAA_
5. [ The University of Florida Gators defeat the Ohio State Buckeyes 84-75 in the 2007 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game, becoming the first school in Division I history to win both the men's college basketball and college football titles in the same academic year. ](/news/2007/04/2/the-university-of-florida-gators-defeat-the-ohio-state-buckeyes-84-75-in-the-2007-ncaa-men-s-division-i-basketball-tournament-championship.md) _Context: college football_
6. [ University of Connecticut becomes the first NCAA Division I school to win the men's and the women's U.S. amateur national basketball championships in the same season, after the women's team three-peats. ](/news/2004/04/6/university-of-connecticut-becomes-the-first-ncaa-division-i-school-to-win-the-men-s-and-the-women-s-u-s-amateur-national-basketball-champi.md) _Context: NCAA_
7. [ The University of Delaware's Blue Hens shut out Colgate University to win the NCAA Division I-AA football national championship. [http://www.delawareonline.com/newsjournal/local/2003/12/20hensarenational.html]](/news/2003/12/19/the-university-of-delaware-s-blue-hens-shut-out-colgate-university-to-win-the-ncaa-division-i-aa-football-national-championship-http-ww.md) _Context: NCAA_
8. [ Saint John's University football coach John Gagliardi breaks Eddie Robinson's record of 408 career coaching victories to become college football's all-time winningest coach with 409 wins.](/news/2003/11/8/saint-john-s-university-football-coach-john-gagliardi-breaks-eddie-robinson-s-record-of-408-career-coaching-victories-to-become-college-foo.md) _Context: college football_
9. [ Syracuse University defeats the University of Kansas to win the NCAA's college basketball championship](/news/2003/04/7/syracuse-university-defeats-the-university-of-kansas-to-win-the-ncaa-s-college-basketball-championship.md) _Context: NCAA_
10. [ College football: At the Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona, the Ohio State University Buckeyes defeated the University of Miami (Florida) Hurricanes, 31-24, to win the national championship. Willis McGahee blows up his knee in his eventual final game as a Miami Hurricane and Maurice Clarett concludes his Buckeyes career as a National Bowl Champion before challenging the NFL on entering the 2003 NFL Draft.](/news/2003/01/3/college-football-at-the-fiesta-bowl-in-tempe-arizona-the-ohio-state-university-buckeyes-defeated-the-university-of-miami-florida-hurri.md) _Context: college football_
