### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  In a stunning college football upset, Appalachian State defeated #5-ranked Michigan at Michigan Stadium by a score of 34-32.  This is the first time a team from the second-tier NCAA Division I FCS has defeated an AP-ranked Division I FBS opponent.  Armanti Edwards was the quarterback for the underdog Mountaineers. 




### Source:

1. [Ann Arbor News](http://www.mlive.com/wolverines/index.ssf/2007/09/appalachian_state_derails_mich.html)

### Related:

1. [The National Collegiate Athletic Association announces that it is penalizing the Ohio State Buckeyes football program with a one-year bowl game ban, among other penalties, as a result of a scandal at the program. Former head coach Jim Tressel is given a 5-year show-cause penalty as well. ](/news/2011/12/20/the-national-collegiate-athletic-association-announces-that-it-is-penalizing-the-ohio-state-buckeyes-football-program-with-a-one-year-bowl-g.md) _Context: NCAA, college football_
2. [Ohio State football head coach Jim Tressel resigns amidst a scandal over NCAA rules violations committed by him and members of the team. ](/news/2011/05/30/ohio-state-football-head-coach-jim-tressel-resigns-amidst-a-scandal-over-ncaa-rules-violations-committed-by-him-and-members-of-the-team.md) _Context: NCAA, college football_
3. [ U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. ](/news/2007/10/7/u-s-college-football-on-the-heels-of-last-week-s-historic-ap-poll-shakeup-another-one-of-comparable-size-occurs-in-which-four-top-ten-t.md) _Context: AP Poll, college football_
4. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: AP Poll, college football_
5. [In American football, Marcus Mariota of the University of Oregon football team wins the 2014 Heisman trophy for the best player in college football. ](/news/2014/12/13/in-american-football-marcus-mariota-of-the-university-of-oregon-football-team-wins-the-2014-heisman-trophy-for-the-best-player-in-college-f.md) _Context: college football_
6. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: NCAA_
7. [In college football, the Florida State Seminoles defeat the Auburn Tigers to win the 2014 BCS National Championship Game. ](/news/2014/01/6/in-college-football-the-florida-state-seminoles-defeat-the-auburn-tigers-to-win-the-2014-bcs-national-championship-game.md) _Context: college football_
8. [In front of a crowd of 105,491 at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan, potentially the largest ever to attend an ice hockey game, the Toronto Maple Leafs defeat the Detroit Red Wings 3-2 after a shootout in the 2014 NHL Winter Classic. ](/news/2014/01/1/in-front-of-a-crowd-of-105-491-at-michigan-stadium-in-ann-arbor-michigan-potentially-the-largest-ever-to-attend-an-ice-hockey-game-the-to.md) _Context: Michigan Stadium_
9. [The football-sponsoring conference that will operate under the charter of the soon-to-split Big East Conference announces it will operate as the American Athletic Conference effective July 1. The AAC schools previously sold the "Big East" name to a group of seven schools that will leave the conference at that time. ](/news/2013/04/3/the-football-sponsoring-conference-that-will-operate-under-the-charter-of-the-soon-to-split-big-east-conference-announces-it-will-operate-as.md) _Context: college football_
10. [Longtime college and professional American football coach Chuck Fairbanks dies at the age of 79. ](/news/2013/04/2/longtime-college-and-professional-american-football-coach-chuck-fairbanks-dies-at-the-age-of-79.md) _Context: college football_
