### [2007-09-1](/news/2007/09/1/index.md)

#  The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6974731.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
2. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
3. [The United States issues a warning to US citizens visiting or living in Uganda about the risk of terrorism as an African Union summit on maternal and child health summit starts. ](/news/2010/07/19/the-united-states-issues-a-warning-to-us-citizens-visiting-or-living-in-uganda-about-the-risk-of-terrorism-as-an-african-union-summit-on-mat.md) _Context: U.S., Uganda_
4. [The United States warns against an attack by "regional extremists" on an Air Uganda flight between Uganda and Sudan. ](/news/2010/01/9/the-united-states-warns-against-an-attack-by-regional-extremists-on-an-air-uganda-flight-between-uganda-and-sudan.md) _Context: U.S., Uganda_
5. [ Hundreds of bishops from the worldwide Anglican Communion gather at Canterbury as the once-a-decade Lambeth Conference begins one month after the GAFCON. ](/news/2008/07/16/hundreds-of-bishops-from-the-worldwide-anglican-communion-gather-at-canterbury-as-the-once-a-decade-lambeth-conference-begins-one-month-aft.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, bishop_
6. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
7. [ In the United Kingdom, the Ugandan-born bishop of Birmingham Rt Rev Dr John Sentamu is named the new Archbishop of York. He is the first ever black person to be appointed an Archbishop of the Church of England. ](/news/2005/06/17/in-the-united-kingdom-the-ugandan-born-bishop-of-birmingham-rt-rev-dr-john-sentamu-is-named-the-new-archbishop-of-york-he-is-the-first-ev.md) _Context: Uganda, bishop_
8. [ The clergy and lay people of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, by a comfortable margin, vote in favor of the appointment of an openly gay bishop. The vote is thought likely to get confirmation from the bishops' collegium, which however is delayed due to last minute independent allegations of misconduct and intense conservative opposition.](/news/2003/08/4/the-clergy-and-lay-people-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-by-a-comfortable-margin-vote-in-favor-of-the-appointmen.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
9. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
