### [2009-09-22](/news/2009/09/22/index.md)

#  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-09/21/content_12091344.htm)

### Related:

1. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [The Iranian ministry of interior sets 14 June 2013 as the date of the next presidential election, for a successor of current president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. For the first time, this election is to be held on the same date as the next municipal elections. ](/news/2012/09/7/the-iranian-ministry-of-interior-sets-14-june-2013-as-the-date-of-the-next-presidential-election-for-a-successor-of-current-president-mahm.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [Citing nuclear sanctions, the United States of America deny visas to 20 out of 160 Iranian officials, of which two are ministers, impeaching diplomats' attendance at next week's United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York. ](/news/2012/09/23/citing-nuclear-sanctions-the-united-states-of-america-deny-visas-to-20-out-of-160-iranian-officials-of-which-two-are-ministers-impeaching.md) _Context: Iran, New York, United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly starts questioning the President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his handling of the economy. ](/news/2012/03/14/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-starts-questioning-the-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-on-his-handling-of-the-economy.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons;  European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [Iran's parliament finds that the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad acted illegally by appointing himself as Oil Minister and refers it to the Judiciary, increasing pressure on him to resign. ](/news/2011/06/1/iran-s-parliament-finds-that-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-acted-illegally-by-appointing-himself-as-oil-minister-and-refers-it-t.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
