### [2009-09-22](/news/2009/09/22/index.md)

#  Ireland's National Ploughing Championships, the largest ploughing championship in the world and the largest outdoor agricultural event in Europe, begins in Athy, County Kildare. 

An estimated 49,000 people attended the National Ploughing Championship today.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/farming/ploughing-championships/motorists-warned-of-twohour-delay-on-trip-to-plough-festival-1892629.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0922/ploughing.html)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2009/0921/1224254908525.html)

### Related:

1. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Europe, Ireland_
2. [Ireland becomes the first European nation to be allowed to export beef to the United States since the mad cow disease scare 15 years ago. ](/news/2015/01/5/ireland-becomes-the-first-european-nation-to-be-allowed-to-export-beef-to-the-united-states-since-the-mad-cow-disease-scare-15-years-ago.md) _Context: Europe, Ireland_
3. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: Europe, Ireland_
4. [ Three detainees held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, are sent abroad to two countries. Ireland accepts two detainees of Uzbeki origin in a humanitarian gesture, with Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Dermot Ahern saying Ireland was one of the first countries in Europe to call for the closure of Guantanamo Bay and that the two men would now be given time to rebuild their lives. ](/news/2009/09/26/three-detainees-held-by-the-united-states-at-guanta-namo-bay-in-cuba-are-sent-abroad-to-two-countries-ireland-accepts-two-detainees-of-uz.md) _Context: Europe, Ireland_
5. [Crimes in Ireland. A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017. Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Government of Ireland. Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/government-of-ireland-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [German federal election, 2017. In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/german-federal-election-2017-in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Europe_
9. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home. A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing -significant quantities of human remains-, all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/bon-secours-mother-and-baby-home-a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-significant-quan.md) _Context: Ireland_
