### [2009-09-22](/news/2009/09/22/index.md)

#  The U.S. Food and Drug Administration bans the sale of flavored cigarettes, except for menthol cigarettes. 

The ban is the first major crackdown on cigarettes since the Food and Drug Administration was given authority to regulate tobacco products.


### Source:

1. [The New York TImes](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/23/health/policy/23fda.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-acute-lymp.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
2. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
3. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486). The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence. Changes include reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
8. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofovi.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
9. [The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-american-medical-association-urges-congress-and-or-the-fda-to-ban-direct-to-consumer-advertising-of-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devic.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
10. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
