### [2009-09-22](/news/2009/09/22/index.md)

#  U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/english/2009-09-22-voa8.cfm)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Middle East, United States President_
2. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Mahmoud Abbas, Middle East, Palestinian Authority President, United States President_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".](/news/2011/05/20/president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-white-house-during-which-netanyahu-emphasizes-that.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama urges Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to extend a partial construction freeze on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/10/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urges-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-extend-a-partial-construction-freeze-on-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
8. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, United States President_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, United States President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, United States President_
