### [2011-05-26](/news/2011/05/26/index.md)

# The General Directorate of Security reports an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, most likely caused by a bomb, with a number of people injured. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iIXgBSM07qiLdtug6Iu5Futq7Ygw?docId=2e534a18b17347b3a4d5dda8628d4f6c)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2011/05/201152663829832350.html)

### Related:

1. [June 2016 Istanbul bombing. Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/june-2016-istanbul-bombing-seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish police_
2. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linke.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish police_
3. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
4. [December 2016 Istanbul bombings. Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/december-2016-istanbul-bombings-two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
5. [A motorcycle bomb in the Yenibosna neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, injures 10 civilians. ](/news/2016/10/6/a-motorcycle-bomb-in-the-yenibosna-neighborhood-of-istanbul-turkey-injures-10-civilians.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
6. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
7. [Turkey opens the Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge in Istanbul, one of the world's biggest suspension bridges. ](/news/2016/08/26/turkey-opens-the-yavuz-sultan-selim-bridge-in-istanbul-one-of-the-world-s-biggest-suspension-bridges.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
8. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
9. [World Humanitarian Summit. The first-ever United Nations humanitarian summit opens in Istanbul, Turkey, to address the 125-million people crisis, the worst since World War II. ](/news/2016/05/23/world-humanitarian-summit-the-first-ever-united-nations-humanitarian-summit-opens-in-istanbul-turkey-to-address-the-125-million-people-cr.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
10. [PKK rebellion. Turkey-ISIL conflict. A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
