### [2006-12-1](/news/2006/12/1/index.md)

#  Felipe Caldern becomes the President of Mexico. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyid=2006-12-01T060745Z_01_N30206702_RTRUKOC_0_US-MEXICO-CALDERON.xml)

### Related:

1. [The President of Mexico Felipe Caldern travels to Washington, D.C., to meet with the President of the United States Barack Obama, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and other leading political figures. ](/news/2011/03/3/the-president-of-mexico-felipe-calderon-travels-to-washington-d-c-to-meet-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-the-speak.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
2. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
3. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: President_
5. [Mexico-United States relations U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexicoaunited-states-relations-pu-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: President_
6. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: President_
7. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: President_
8. [Mexican inauguration:Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. ](/news/2012/12/1/mexican-inauguration-penrique-pea-a-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-mexico-as-violent-clashes.md) _Context: President_
9. [Former President of Mexico Miguel de la Madrid dies of complications of lung disease in Mexico City at the age of 77. ](/news/2012/04/1/former-president-of-mexico-miguel-de-la-madrid-dies-of-complications-of-lung-disease-in-mexico-city-at-the-age-of-77.md) _Context: President_
10. [Felipe Calderon, the President of Mexico, asks Joe Biden, the vice-President of the United States for assistance in stopping the flow of money and weapons into Mexico. ](/news/2012/03/5/felipe-caldera3n-the-president-of-mexico-asks-joe-biden-the-vice-president-of-the-united-states-for-assistance-in-stopping-the-flow-of-mo.md) _Context: President_
