### [2006-12-1](/news/2006/12/1/index.md)

#  Fijian military commander Frank Bainimarama says he intends to begin a "clean up" campaign of Government now that his deadline has passed. Laisenia Qarase, the Prime Minister of Fiji, has advised that he has been given a new deadline of noon on Monday. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200612/s1802222.htm)
2. [NZ Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/section/story.cfm?c_id=2&ObjectID=10413232)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase warns that Fiji faces the imminent threat of a coup as troops reportedly surround his complex. Later, Fiji's military commander Frank Bainimarama confirmed that the military was in control of the country while the Foreign Minister of Australia Alexander Downer warned that Fiji would face international sanctions. ](/news/2006/12/5/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-warns-that-fiji-faces-the-imminent-threat-of-a-coup-as-troops-reportedly-surround-his-complex-l.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase partially agrees to demands by the head of the Fijian military Commodore Frank Bainimarama in order to avert a coup. Bainimarama rejects the compromise and issues a deadline of noon on Friday. ](/news/2006/11/30/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-partially-agrees-to-demands-by-the-head-of-the-fijian-military-commodore-frank-bainimarama-in-or.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase meets with Fijian military commander Commodore Frank Bainimarama in emergency talks in Wellington, New Zealand aimed at averting a coup. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-meets-with-fijian-military-commander-commodore-frank-bainimarama-in-emergency-talks-in-wellingto.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase flies to New Zealand to hold talks with Commodore Frank Bainimarama tomorrow as part of efforts sponsored by the New Zealand Government to avert a coup d'etat. ](/news/2006/11/28/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-flies-to-new-zealand-to-hold-talks-with-commodore-frank-bainimarama-tomorrow-as-part-of-efforts.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
5. [ Don McKinnon, the Commonwealth Secretary-General, conveys the support of the Commonwealth of Nations to the Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase. He warned Fijian military commander Frank Bainimarama against staging a coup d'etat. ](/news/2006/11/2/don-mckinnon-the-commonwealth-secretary-general-conveys-the-support-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-to-the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase reportedly meets with his security chiefs this morning after yesterday trying to sack Fiji's military commander Frank Bainimarama. Alexander Downer, the Foreign Minister of Australia, has raised concerns about a coup. ](/news/2006/11/1/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-reportedly-meets-with-his-security-chiefs-this-morning-after-yesterday-trying-to-sack-fiji-s-mil.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
7. [ Fiji's military stage exercises around the capital Suva and close off the city's army barracks as tensions rose due to fears of a coup d'etat. Fiji's military chief, Frank Bainimarama, has threatened to force the Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase to resign unless the Prime Minister drops two Bills, one which will offer amnesty to some of those involved in a 2000 coup led by George Speight. ](/news/2006/10/31/fiji-s-military-stage-exercises-around-the-capital-suva-and-close-off-the-city-s-army-barracks-as-tensions-rose-due-to-fears-of-a-coup-d-a-c.md) _Context: Laisenia Qarase, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
8. [Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Prime Minister of Fiji's military government, says a new constitution will be ready by February 2013. ](/news/2012/03/9/commodore-frank-bainimarama-prime-minister-of-fiji-s-military-government-says-a-new-constitution-will-be-ready-by-february-2013.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
9. [News Corporation sells the "Fiji Times" to Fijian company Motibhai two weeks before a deadline set by the government of interim Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama. ](/news/2010/09/15/news-corporation-sells-the-fiji-times-to-fijian-company-motibhai-two-weeks-before-a-deadline-set-by-the-government-of-interim-prime-minist.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
10. [Frank Bainimarama, leader of the 2006 Fijian coup d'tat and current Prime Minister of Fiji, announces that he will retire in 2014. The report is denied by Fiji's Permanent Secretary for Information. ](/news/2010/02/10/frank-bainimarama-leader-of-the-2006-fijian-coup-d-etat-and-current-prime-minister-of-fiji-announces-that-he-will-retire-in-2014-the-repo.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
