### [2003-10-30](/news/2003/10/30/index.md)

#  The United States Department of Commerce reports that U.S. gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 7.2% in the third quarter, the fastest growth rate since 1984.




### Related:

1. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: GDP_
2. [The U.S. Commerce Department announces that construction spending increased 0.9 percent to $1.18 trillion in November 2016, the highest level since April 2006. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-u-s-commerce-department-announces-that-construction-spending-increased-0-9-percent-to-1-18-trillion-in-november-2016-the-highest-leve.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
3. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
4. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
5. [Export restrictions placed by the commerce department of the United States against China's state-owned ZTE for alleged violations of U.S.-imposed export controls on Iran takes effect. ](/news/2016/03/8/export-restrictions-placed-by-the-commerce-department-of-the-united-states-against-china-s-state-owned-zte-for-alleged-violations-of-u-s-im.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
6. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
7. [Year-over-year GDP growth in the People's Republic of China slows to 9.1% for the third quarter of 2011, following government efforts to curb inflation. ](/news/2011/10/18/year-over-year-gdp-growth-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-slows-to-9-1-for-the-third-quarter-of-2011-following-government-efforts-to-cur.md) _Context: GDP_
8. [The United States Department of Commerce reports that U.S. retail sales rose at their fastest rate for seven months in September, having risen by 1.1% over the previous month. ](/news/2011/10/15/the-united-states-department-of-commerce-reports-that-u-s-retail-sales-rose-at-their-fastest-rate-for-seven-months-in-september-having-ris.md) _Context: U.S. Commerce Department_
9. [Greece's budget deficit for 2010 is 10.5% of gross domestic product, significantly higher than expected. ](/news/2011/04/26/greece-s-budget-deficit-for-2010-is-10-5-of-gross-domestic-product-significantly-higher-than-expected.md) _Context: GDP_
10. [China's gross domestic product (GDP) will grow by 10.5 percent in 2010 and 9.6 percent in 2011, ahead of other major economies, according to a report released by the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2010/10/6/china-s-gross-domestic-product-gdp-will-grow-by-10-5-percent-in-2010-and-9-6-percent-in-2011-ahead-of-other-major-economies-according-to.md) _Context: GDP_
