### [2003-10-30](/news/2003/10/30/index.md)

#  Vladimir Putin removes his Chief of Staff as the political battle with the "Russian oligarchs" and between hard-liners and liberals, continues. Russian judicial authorities have seized control of Yukos, the giant oil company.




### Related:

1. [ Yukos loses an appeal to halt the auctioning off of its main production unit. President of Russia Vladimir Putin, while on his three-day visit to India, says Indian firms are welcomed to bid. ](/news/2004/12/3/yukos-loses-an-appeal-to-halt-the-auctioning-off-of-its-main-production-unit-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-while-on-his-three-day-vi.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, Yukos_
2. [ Attempting to calm fears that the recent takeover of oil giant YUKOS will mean a return to the era of a state-managed economy, Russian president Vladimir Putin tells Russian businessmen that the government is not planning to take control of the economy.](/news/2003/11/14/attempting-to-calm-fears-that-the-recent-takeover-of-oil-giant-yukos-will-mean-a-return-to-the-era-of-a-state-managed-economy-russian-pres.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, Yukos_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. The dismissals come amid speculation that governors of several federal subjects will resign in anticipation of presidential elections in 2018. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cyber-security-unit-so-that-elec.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
5. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
7. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
9. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
10. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-exte.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
