### [2005-05-17](/news/2005/05/17/index.md)

#  George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4556113.stm)
2. [Guardian Unlimited](http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1486025,00.html)
3. [The Times Online](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-1616578,00.html)
3. [Cover Image](/d/778/img/dual-masthead-placeholder-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: George Galloway, Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United Kingdom, United States Senate_
2. [ The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2009/01/27/the-united-kingdom-information-tribunal-orders-her-majesty-s-government-to-release-the-minutes-of-cabinet-discussions-regarding-the-2003-in.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Kingdom_
3. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, United States Senate_
4. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ The British government declines a request from the families of soldiers killed in Iraq for an investigation into the legality of the war. ](/news/2005/05/22/the-british-government-declines-a-request-from-the-families-of-soldiers-killed-in-iraq-for-an-investigation-into-the-legality-of-the-war.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Kingdom_
6. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ 2003 invasion of Iraq: Responding to criticism that pre-war intelligence gathering was faulty, CIA director George Tenet states that analysts had never presented Saddam Hussein's Iraq as an "imminent threat" in the years immediately preceding the coalition invasion. Tenet states that an overall "objective assessment" for policymakers of a ""brutal dictator who was continuing his efforts to deceive and build programs"" that might ""surprise"" and "threaten" US interests was outlined in the 2002 National Intelligence Estimate.](/news/2004/02/5/2003-invasion-of-iraq-responding-to-criticism-that-pre-war-intelligence-gathering-was-faulty-cia-director-george-tenet-states-that-analys.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: In Iraq, "four key figures" in the former Iraqi regime die in a large operation by US troops. The dead included Saddam Hussein's sons Uday and Qusay.](/news/2003/07/22/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-in-iraq-four-key-figures-in-the-former-iraqi-regime-die-in-a-large-operation-by-us-troops-the-dead-include.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
