### [2005-05-17](/news/2005/05/17/index.md)

#  Guantanamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: The Bush Administration suggests that to undo "damage" caused by the story, "Newsweek" explain the process by which their story alleging Qur'an desecration, which sparked riots leading to 17 deaths, came into being. 




### Source:

1. [NYTimes](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/05/17/international/middleeast/17cnd-koran.html?ei=5065&en=8220bf74f67fe5a5&ex=1116993600&partner=MYWAY&pagewanted=print)

### Related:

1. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Newsweek_
2. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: Riots over a "Newsweek" story (later retracted) lead to dozens of injuries and at least three deaths in Jalalabad, Eastern Afghanistan. Afghan police use live ammunition to stop the Anti-American rioting organized in protest of the alleged desecration of a copy of the Qur'an. ](/news/2005/05/11/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-riots-over-a-newsweek-story-later-retracted-lead-to-dozens-of-injuries-and-at-least-thre.md) _Context: Newsweek, Qur'an_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
5. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [American weekly news magazine "Newsweek" announces it will cease print publication on December 31 and will move to an online-only format. ](/news/2012/10/18/american-weekly-news-magazine-newsweek-announces-it-will-cease-print-publication-on-december-31-and-will-move-to-an-online-only-format.md) _Context: Newsweek_
8. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [International campaigners against the drone attacks, carried out by the United States in Pakistan, launch their attempt to have former CIA legal chief John A. Rizzo arrested and charged with the murders of hundreds of people after his admission in "Newsweek" that he approved attacks each month since 2004. ](/news/2011/07/15/international-campaigners-against-the-drone-attacks-carried-out-by-the-united-states-in-pakistan-launch-their-attempt-to-have-former-cia-l.md) _Context: Newsweek_
10. [1,000 students protest at Kabul University as protests continue in Afghanistan over the burning of a Qur'an "found guilty" by pastor Terry Jones' church in the U.S. state of Florida. ](/news/2011/04/5/1-000-students-protest-at-kabul-university-as-protests-continue-in-afghanistan-over-the-burning-of-a-qur-an-found-guilty-by-pastor-terry-j.md) _Context: Qur'an_
