### [2005-02-7](/news/2005/02/7/index.md)

#  In Nepal, the state media reports that the new government of King Gyanendra of Nepal offers talks to Maoist rebels. At the same time, Nepalese government forces begin a new offensive against the rebels.




### Related:

1. [ After negotiations, Maoist rebels in Nepal agree to work with opposition politicians in a common front against the rule of King Gyanendra. The Nepalese Civil War has killed more than 12,000 people since 1996. ](/news/2005/11/19/after-negotiations-maoist-rebels-in-nepal-agree-to-work-with-opposition-politicians-in-a-common-front-against-the-rule-of-king-gyanendra.md) _Context: Gyanendra of Nepal, Maoist supporters, Nepal_
2. [ Tens of thousands of Maoist supporters in Nepal block the headquarters for the Nepali government for a second day. ](/news/2009/11/13/tens-of-thousands-of-maoist-supporters-in-nepal-block-the-headquarters-for-the-nepali-government-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Maoist supporters, Nepal_
3. [ The last King of Nepal Gyanendra of Nepal departs from Narayanhiti Palace for the last time after Nepal is declared to be a republic. ](/news/2008/06/11/the-last-king-of-nepal-gyanendra-of-nepal-departs-from-narayanhiti-palace-for-the-last-time-after-nepal-is-declared-to-be-a-republic.md) _Context: Gyanendra of Nepal, Nepal_
4. [ Police in Nepal shoot dead six Maoists the day before the holding of Constituent Assembly elections. ](/news/2008/04/9/police-in-nepal-shoot-dead-six-maoists-the-day-before-the-holding-of-constituent-assembly-elections.md) _Context: Maoist supporters, Nepal_
5. [ Final results in the Nepal Constituent Assembly election show that the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) won double the number of seats of the next largest party. ](/news/2008/04/24/final-results-in-the-nepal-constituent-assembly-election-show-that-the-communist-party-of-nepal-maoist-won-double-the-number-of-seats-of.md) _Context: Maoist supporters, Nepal_
6. [ The Nepalese government introduces a budget that scraps payments to King Gyanendra of Nepal and nationalises royal property. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-nepalese-government-introduces-a-budget-that-scraps-payments-to-king-gyanendra-of-nepal-and-nationalises-royal-property.md) _Context: Gyanendra of Nepal, Nepal_
7. [ Nepal Civil War: The Nepalese cabinet declares a cease-fire with Maoist rebels and announces that they will no longer consider them a terrorist group.  The government urges the rebels to open peace talks. ](/news/2006/05/3/nepal-civil-war-the-nepalese-cabinet-declares-a-cease-fire-with-maoist-rebels-and-announces-that-they-will-no-longer-consider-them-a-terro.md) _Context: Maoist supporters, Nepal_
8. [ King Gyanendra of Nepal swears in Girija Prasad Koirala as the new Prime Minister of Nepal. Baburam Bhattarai of the CPN(M) which controls two thirds of the country, states that his party will respect the results of an election to a constituent assembly, so long as these are "free and fair". ](/news/2006/05/1/king-gyanendra-of-nepal-swears-in-girija-prasad-koirala-as-the-new-prime-minister-of-nepal-baburam-bhattarai-of-the-cpn-m-which-controls.md) _Context: Gyanendra of Nepal, Maoist supporters_
9. [ Nepal Civil War: Maoist insurgents in Nepal, responding to a demand by the newly appointed prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala, announce a unilateral three-month truce. Kathmandu gradually resumes normality after weeks of pro-democracy protests. ](/news/2006/04/27/nepal-civil-war-maoist-insurgents-in-nepal-responding-to-a-demand-by-the-newly-appointed-prime-minister-girija-prasad-koirala-announce-a.md) _Context: Maoist supporters, Nepal_
10. [ April 2006 Nepalese general strike: Opposition leaders in Nepal reject King Gyanendra's proposals for restoring democracy. Thousands of protesters approaching the Narayanhity Royal Palace in Kathmandu are fired upon by security forces with tear gas. ](/news/2006/04/22/april-2006-nepalese-general-strike-opposition-leaders-in-nepal-reject-king-gyanendra-s-proposals-for-restoring-democracy-thousands-of-pro.md) _Context: Gyanendra of Nepal, Nepal_
