### [2011-11-12](/news/2011/11/12/index.md)

# Prosecutors at the U.N.-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon set up to prosecute the killers of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri ask judges to defer a decision to hold a trial "in absentia" for four Hezbollah members indicted in Hariri's assassination. 

The Special Tribunal for Lebanon’s most high-profile hearing to date ended in stalemate Friday as rival counsels traded blows over in-absentia trials for suspects.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Politics/2011/Nov-12/153845-rival-counsels-trade-blows-over-in-absentia-trials.ashx#axzz1dXvg4bJc)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle-east/prosecutors-tell-court-to-hold-off-on-trial-in-absentia-for-hariri-slaying-suspects/2011/11/11/gIQABWqPBN_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. ](/news/2011/01/25/supporters-of-lebanese-caretaker-prime-minister-saad-hariri-call-for-a-day-of-protests-following-hezbollah-s-support-for-najib-mikati-as-pri.md) _Context: Hariri's assassination, Hezbollah, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
2. [The Special Tribunal for Lebanon publishes an indictment against Hezbollah members accused in the 2005 assassination of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2011/08/17/the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-publishes-an-indictment-against-hezbollah-members-accused-in-the-2005-assassination-of-lebanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
3. [In Lebanon, Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah rejects the indictment and arrest warrants served by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon three days earlier against the party's four senior members. ](/news/2011/07/3/in-lebanon-hezbollah-s-leader-hassan-nasrallah-rejects-the-indictment-and-arrest-warrants-served-by-the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-three.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
4. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
5. [ The United Nations Security Council establishes an international tribunal to try suspects in the killings of Lebanese political figures including the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/30/the-united-nations-security-council-establishes-an-international-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-killings-of-lebanese-political-figures-inc.md) _Context: Rafik Hariri, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
6. [U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-belonging-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-territories-have-been-evacuated-from-aleppo-as-h.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
