### [2006-10-20](/news/2006/10/20/index.md)

#  European Union leaders gather in Lahti, Finland, for a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6068386.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/europe/10/20/eu.summit.reut/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". ](/news/2016/02/17/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-orba-n-used-the-meeting-to-call-for-russia-s-r.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. ](/news/2014/09/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-in-a-letter-to-his-ukrainian-counterpart-petro-poroshenko-that-moscow-will-restrict-ukraine-s-acces.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ The European Union (EU) hosts the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in a summit. Poland has vetoed the launch of EU-Russia partnership talks. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-european-union-eu-hosts-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-a-summit-poland-has-vetoed-the-launch-of-eu-russia-partnership-tal.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ Both the European Union and the government of the United States express concern about Russian President Vladimir Putin's announcement that, as a means of responding to terrorism, he would significantly alter Russia's political system. The Russian government rejects the United States' concerns as inappropriate interference in Russia's internal affairs. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=583655&section=news 1], [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=PK1I2MCEA22IUCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=583654&section=news 2])](/news/2004/09/15/both-the-european-union-and-the-government-of-the-united-states-express-concern-about-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-announcement-that.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: EU, Vladimir Putin_
10. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-exte.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
