### [2006-10-20](/news/2006/10/20/index.md)

#  United States authorities charge a Wisconsin man with making a hoax threat against seven American football stadiums that said they would be targeted by terrorists with radiological dirty bombs on the weekend. 




### Source:

1. [AP via WCBS](http://wcbs880.com/pages/111550.php?contentType=4&contentId=226942)

### Related:

1. [President Trump's Executive Orders. As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/president-trump-s-executive-orders-as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requ.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
2. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
3. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
4. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
7. [2016 Milwaukee riots. Violence breaks out in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, following a fatal police shooting of a 23-year-old male criminal armed with a handgun earlier in the day. The Milwaukee Police Department says an officer was injured after being struck in the head by a brick, while a police car and gas station were set on fire. ](/news/2016/08/13/2016-milwaukee-riots-violence-breaks-out-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-following-a-fatal-police-shooting-of-a-23-year-old-male-criminal-armed-wi.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
9. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-sto.md) _Context: dirty bomb_
