### [2009-01-13](/news/2009/01/13/index.md)

#  Citigroup announces a merger deal with Morgan Stanley. 

Citigroup Inc faced growing uncertainty on Wednesday about whether it could ever function well, leading investors to drive its shares down below $5.00 to their lowest level since the bank won a government rescue in November.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/ousiv/idUSN1234412520090114)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20090114&t=2&i=7856202&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2009-01-14T194153Z_01_BTRE50D0UXS00_RTROPTP_0_CITIGROUP)

### Related:

1. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Citigroup, Morgan Stanley_
2. [German tax authorities are investigating Citigroup over its use of a "dividend stripping" strategy, which allowed both the buyer and seller of a stock to claim the tax credits. ](/news/2016/03/22/german-tax-authorities-are-investigating-citigroup-over-its-use-of-a-dividend-stripping-strategy-which-allowed-both-the-buyer-and-seller.md) _Context: Citigroup_
3. [In New York City, U.S. district court judge Thomas Griesa expands the force of his existing remedial rulings in the ongoing litigation over the Argentine debt restructuring, blocking planned bond payments by Citigroup. The Citigroup processing of payments would violate a requirement that Argentina treat bondholders equally. ](/news/2015/03/12/in-new-york-city-u-s-district-court-judge-thomas-griesa-expands-the-force-of-his-existing-remedial-rulings-in-the-ongoing-litigation-over.md) _Context: Citigroup_
4. [Morgan Stanley agrees to pay $2.6 billion to settle with the United States Department of Justice over its sale of residential mortgage backed securities. ](/news/2015/02/25/morgan-stanley-agrees-to-pay-2-6-billion-to-settle-with-the-united-states-department-of-justice-over-its-sale-of-residential-mortgage-backe.md) _Context: Morgan Stanley_
5. [Analysts of Morgan Stanley predict that Russian President Vladimir Putin would soon block the transit of gas through Ukraine to Europe to retaliate against the world for imposing economic sanctions on Russia. ](/news/2014/07/30/analysts-of-morgan-stanley-predict-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-would-soon-block-the-transit-of-gas-through-ukraine-to-europe-to-re.md) _Context: Morgan Stanley_
6. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Citigroup_
7. [Portugal's treasury secretary Joaquim Pais Jorge resigns after media reports and opposition politicians questioned his previous role at Citigroup. ](/news/2013/08/7/portugal-s-treasury-secretary-joaquim-pais-jorge-resigns-after-media-reports-and-opposition-politicians-questioned-his-previous-role-at-citi.md) _Context: Citigroup_
8. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Citigroup_
9. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Citigroup_
10. [American bank Citigroup announces plans to cut 11,000 jobs worldwide. ](/news/2012/12/5/american-bank-citigroup-announces-plans-to-cut-11-000-jobs-worldwide.md) _Context: Citigroup_
