### [2014-09-23](/news/2014/09/23/index.md)

# President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/23/us-ukraine-crisis-trade-idUSKCN0HI1T820140923)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140923&t=2&i=975842927&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEA8M0QD)

### Related:

1. [Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-asiaaeurope-mee.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-belarus-as-disputes-in-eastern-ukrain.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". ](/news/2016/02/17/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-orba-n-used-the-meeting-to-call-for-russia-s-r.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko announces a wide-ranging reform program entitled Strategy 2020 to prepare Ukraine for applying for European Union membership in 2020. ](/news/2014/09/25/president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-announces-a-wide-ranging-reform-program-entitled-strategy-2020-to-prepare-ukraine-for-applying-for-eur.md) _Context: EU, Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko call for a quick and peaceful end to the violence in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/06/6/russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-ukrainian-president-elect-petro-poroshenko-call-for-a-quick-and-peaceful-end-to-the-violence-in-eastern.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/president-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relationship-between.md) _Context: Russian President, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ The European Union (EU) hosts the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in a summit. Poland has vetoed the launch of EU-Russia partnership talks. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-european-union-eu-hosts-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-a-summit-poland-has-vetoed-the-launch-of-eu-russia-partnership-tal.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [ European Union leaders gather in Lahti, Finland, for a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2006/10/20/european-union-leaders-gather-in-lahti-finland-for-a-summit-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [ Both the European Union and the government of the United States express concern about Russian President Vladimir Putin's announcement that, as a means of responding to terrorism, he would significantly alter Russia's political system. The Russian government rejects the United States' concerns as inappropriate interference in Russia's internal affairs. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=583655&section=news 1], [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=PK1I2MCEA22IUCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=583654&section=news 2])](/news/2004/09/15/both-the-european-union-and-the-government-of-the-united-states-express-concern-about-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-announcement-that.md) _Context: EU, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. The dismissals come amid speculation that governors of several federal subjects will resign in anticipation of presidential elections in 2018. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
