### [2010-07-30](/news/2010/07/30/index.md)

# A split develops in Italy's governing People of Freedom Party after a dispute between Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Gianfranco Fini, President of the Chamber of Deputies. 

ROME: Silvio Berlusconi&#039;s government is in danger of collapse, with open warfare breaking out between the Italian Prime Minister and his most senior party colleague.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph and agencies via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/berlusconis-war-with-party-colleague-could-bring-down-government-20100730-10zq9.html)

### Related:

1. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [Italy's top court confirms that former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will serve a prison sentence for a tax fraud conviction. ](/news/2013/08/1/italy-s-top-court-confirms-that-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-will-serve-a-prison-sentence-for-a-tax-fraud-conviction.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [An Italian appeals court upholds the conviction of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on tax fraud and sentences him to four years in prison. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-italian-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-of-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-on-tax-fraud-and-sentences-him-to-four-years-in-p.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is convicted of arranging an illegal wiretap and is sentenced to a year in jail. ](/news/2013/03/7/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-convicted-of-arranging-an-illegal-wiretap-and-is-sentenced-to-a-year-in-jail.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [Roberto Maroni announces that an electoral pact signed between his Lega Nord party and Silvio Berlusconi's People of Freedom party explicitly rules out Berlusconi assuming the Prime Minister of Italy position again. ](/news/2013/01/8/roberto-maroni-announces-that-an-electoral-pact-signed-between-his-lega-nord-party-and-silvio-berlusconi-s-people-of-freedom-party-explicitl.md) _Context: People of Freedom, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi meet to discuss what to do about migrants from North Africa who want to join relatives, with reports that the Schengen Agreement is to be amended so the two can deal with the issue. ](/news/2011/04/26/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-and-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-meet-to-discuss-what-to-do-about-migrants-from-north-afric.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, reaffirms that country's support for the euro in a joint press conference with the Prime Minister of Italy, Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2011/01/12/angela-merkel-chancellor-of-germany-reaffirms-that-country-s-support-for-the-euro-in-a-joint-press-conference-with-the-prime-minister-of-i.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
8. [Italian politicsThe Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi narrowly survives (314 to 311) a no-confidence vote in the parliament moved by Gianfranco Fini. A formal complaint about Mr Berlusconi allegedly trying to buy votes is being investigated. ](/news/2010/12/14/italian-politicspthe-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-narrowly-survives-314-to-311-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-parliament-moved-b.md) _Context: Gianfranco Fini, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
9. [Prosecutors in Italy open an investigation into allegations that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi bought MPs before important votes. ](/news/2010/12/10/prosecutors-in-italy-open-an-investigation-into-allegations-that-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-bought-mps-before-important-votes.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [Italy awaits the outcome of a trial which could imprison Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi's senior adviser, Marcello Dell'Utri, for 11 years. ](/news/2010/06/27/italy-awaits-the-outcome-of-a-trial-which-could-imprison-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-s-senior-adviser-marcello-dell-utri-for.md) _Context: Italian, Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
