### [2010-07-30](/news/2010/07/30/index.md)

# Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). 

De fractievoorzitters van VVD, PVV en CDA zien perspectieven op een minderheidskabinet.


### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/artikel/175315-onderhandelingen-over-minderheidskabinet.html)

### Related:

1. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). ](/news/2010/09/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-informateur-ivo-opstelten-informs-queen-beatrix-that-the-coalition-formation-between-the-people-s-part.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Christian Democratic Appeal, Informateur, Party for Freedom, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
2. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/08/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-ivo-opstelten-the-chairman-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-appointed-the-new-info.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, minority government, right-wing_
3. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and Party for Freedom (PVV) complete the coalition formation after 111 days. ](/news/2010/09/29/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-and-party-for-fr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Christian Democratic Appeal, Party for Freedom, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
4. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Former Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers is appointed the new informateur for the formation of a new coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/07/22/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-former-prime-minister-ruud-lubbers-is-appointed-the-new-informateur-for-the-formation-of-a-new-coaliti.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, Ruud Lubbers_
5. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Coalition meetings between People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Labour Party (PvdA), Democrats 66 (D66) and GreenLeft (GL) fails to form a new Purple government. ](/news/2010/07/20/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-coalition-meetings-between-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-labour-party-pvda-democr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
6. [Dutch general election, 2017. Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/dutch-general-election-2017-voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-mini.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
7. [Geert Wilders, the leader of the Dutch far-right political party Party for Freedom, goes on trial again for making anti-Islam remarks. He is being accused of inciting hatred against the Moroccan-Dutch minority. ](/news/2016/03/18/geert-wilders-the-leader-of-the-dutch-far-right-political-party-party-for-freedom-goes-on-trial-again-for-making-anti-islam-remarks-he-is.md) _Context: Party for Freedom_
8. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
9. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
10. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Ruud Lubbers_
