### [2015-10-13](/news/2015/10/13/index.md)

# Two stabbing attacks take place in Ra'anana: one outside city hall in which one man is injured and the attacker is subdued by civilians; in a second incident, the attacker stabs civilians in front of a cafe, injuring one critically and three lightly until he is subdued by civilians. 

Civilians subdued the terrorist until police forces arrived on the scene.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Initial-report-Attempted-stabbing-attack-in-Raanana-423789)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/series-of-stabbings-reported-in-jerusalem-near-tel-aviv/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:More than 50 mortar rounds are fired from the Gaza Strip at an area in the Western Negev, Israel, injuring two Israeli civilians in response to Israeli airstrikes earlier in the week, which was itself a response to a previous Palestinian mortar attack from Gaza. Israel counterresponds with artillery and airstrikes killing two Palestinian militants. ](/news/2011/03/19/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pmore-than-50-mortar-rounds-are-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-at-an-area-in-the-western-negev-israel-injuring-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian political violence_
2. [A cease-fire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-cease-fire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Palestinian political violence_
3. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Two Israeli Bedouins and one Israeli police officer are killed in a clash during a home-demolition operation in the Bedouin village of Umm al-Hiran. Israeli police claim to have found evidence that the Bedouins were supporters of the Islamic State. ](/news/2017/01/18/two-israeli-bedouins-and-one-israeli-police-officer-are-killed-in-a-clash-during-a-home-demolition-operation-in-the-bedouin-village-of-umm-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertisements-on-their-buses-following-c.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
