### [2011-06-14](/news/2011/06/14/index.md)

# Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/15/world/asia/15policy.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
2. [It is reported that the U.S. government's Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) deployed a fake vaccine programme in Abbottabad ahead of its assassination of Osama bin Laden in an effort to obtain a DNA sample from his family. ](/news/2011/07/12/it-is-reported-that-the-u-s-government-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-deployed-a-fake-vaccine-programme-in-abbottabad-ahead-of-its-ass.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, father's killing_
3. [Pakistan jails a doctor who helped the US Central Intelligence Agency confirm that Osama bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. ](/news/2011/07/11/pakistan-jails-a-doctor-who-helped-the-us-central-intelligence-agency-confirm-that-osama-bin-laden-was-living-in-abbottabad.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
4. [Pakistan expels British military advisers following the United States Navy Seals raid that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/27/pakistan-expels-british-military-advisers-following-the-united-states-navy-seals-raid-that-resulted-in-the-death-of-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
5. [Death of Osama bin Laden:. President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, father's killing_
6. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
7. [ War on Terrorism:. The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]. A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
8. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, father's killing_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistan orders foreign nationals working for the Save the Children NGO to leave the country within four weeks. The Pakistani government has accused the organization of being linked to the fake vaccination program used in the hunt for Osama bin Laden. The charity and the U.S. government deny any links. ](/news/2012/09/7/pakistan-orders-foreign-nationals-working-for-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-within-four-weeks-the-pakistani-government-has.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
