### [2006-07-6](/news/2006/07/6/index.md)

#  In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him losing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/5154896.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/28/mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-rules-unanimously-that-results-in-contested-polling-stations-only-marginally-affected-the-lead-of-felip.md) _Context: Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Felipe Calderón, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Felipe Calderón, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
3. [ Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. ](/news/2006/09/5/felipe-calderon-of-the-pan-is-declared-the-winner-of-mexico-s-2-july-presidential-election.md) _Context: Felipe Calderón, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
4. [ 100 supporters of the Party of the Democratic Revolution protest outside the ranch of Mexican president Vicente Fox. They protest against the trial of Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, popular mayor of Mexico City. ](/news/2005/04/17/100-supporters-of-the-party-of-the-democratic-revolution-protest-outside-the-ranch-of-mexican-president-vicente-fox-they-protest-against-t.md) _Context: Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Mexico, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
5. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
6. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Mexico, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
7. [Local government elections in The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with-the-nat.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
8. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Calderón, Mexico_
9. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Felipe Calderón, Mexico_
10. [ Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, who was narrowly defeated in the Mexican general election, is proclaimed "Legitimate President of Mexico" by his supporters and promises to set up a "parallel government". ](/news/2006/11/20/andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-who-was-narrowly-defeated-in-the-mexican-general-election-is-proclaimed-legitimate-president-of-mexico-by-h.md) _Context: Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Mexican general election_
