### [2006-07-6](/news/2006/07/6/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. 

Father of First Sergeant Yehuda Bassel shot dead in Gaza asks, &#39;why did they endanger my son and not send Air Force?&#39; An hour before he was killed, Yehuda sends text message to his sister, says &#39;we are still in al-Atara. Everything is okay. We already killed three, but don’t tell anyone&#39;


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/735455.html)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?c=JPArticle&cid=1150885922564&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3272252,00.html)
4. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3272269,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
9. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, Qassam rockets_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel launches a series of air strikes as reprisals after the Palestinians fired Qassam rockets, hitting what local officials called an Islamic Jihad charity in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-series-of-air-strikes-as-reprisals-after-the-palestinians-fired-qassam-rockets-hitting-wha.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Qassam rockets_
