### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# A meeting is held in London on the issue of West Papuan independence. Independence leader Benny Wenda joined various humanitarians, parliamentarians and lawyers in urging the United Nations to secure a vote on the future status of the region, which is occupied by Indonesia. 

Exclusive: Independence leader Benny Wenda joins parliamentarians, lawyers and humanitarians demanding UN supports referendum on territory’s fate


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/may/03/west-papua-un-must-supervise-vote-on-independence-says-coalition)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
2. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Jayapura and other towns in Papua, Indonesia, in support of the Free Papua Movement and its effort to join the Melanesian Spearhead Group. Indonesia responded with a large police and military presence, with reports of police firing on demonstrators in Wamena and arresting dozens across the province. ](/news/2016/05/31/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-jayapura-and-other-towns-in-papua-indonesia-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-and-its-effor.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
3. [Police in the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua arrest scores of protesters as planned demonstrations to mark the anniversary of the incorporation of the region with Indonesia were to take place today. ](/news/2016/05/2/police-in-the-indonesian-provinces-of-papua-and-west-papua-arrest-scores-of-protesters-as-planned-demonstrations-to-mark-the-anniversary-of.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
4. [Massive demonstrations in support of the Free Papua Movement take place in various cities in the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua. The demonstrations voice support for the Liberation Movement to become a full member of the Melanesian Spearhead Group. ](/news/2016/04/13/massive-demonstrations-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-take-place-in-various-cities-in-the-indonesian-provinces-of-papua-and-west-papu.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
5. [Three construction workers are shot dead in Jayapura, Papua, by a supposed armed group, according to Indonesian police. ](/news/2016/03/17/three-construction-workers-are-shot-dead-in-jayapura-papua-by-a-supposed-armed-group-according-to-indonesian-police.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
6. [Indonesia investigates following the release of a video purportedly showing Indonesian soldiers torturing indigenous Papuans, in a region where a small group of rebels has waged a war for independence from Indonesia for the last few decades. ](/news/2010/10/18/indonesia-investigates-following-the-release-of-a-video-purportedly-showing-indonesian-soldiers-torturing-indigenous-papuans-in-a-region-wh.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
7. [ According to United Nations officials, as many as 4,000 people could be buried under the rubble in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes in Indonesia. ](/news/2009/10/3/according-to-united-nations-officials-as-many-as-4-000-people-could-be-buried-under-the-rubble-in-the-aftermath-of-the-devastating-earthqu.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
8. [ 30,000 Ivory Coast residents seriously affected by the dumping of toxic waste by Trafigura, which, according to the United Nations, has killed at least 15 people, say an undisclosed compensation deal offered by a London-based oil firm is not enough. ](/news/2009/09/18/30-000-ivory-coast-residents-seriously-affected-by-the-dumping-of-toxic-waste-by-trafigura-which-according-to-the-united-nations-has-kil.md) _Context: London, United Nations_
9. [ Australia and Indonesia sign a security treaty on Lombok strengthening cooperation against terrorism, enhancing joint naval border patrols and formalising military exchanges. It also supports Indonesia's sovereignty over its provinces notably Western New Guinea. ](/news/2006/11/14/australia-and-indonesia-sign-a-security-treaty-on-lombok-strengthening-cooperation-against-terrorism-enhancing-joint-naval-border-patrols.md) _Context: Indonesia, West Papuan_
10. [ UN Security Council election: The United Nations General Assembly elects Belgium, Indonesia, Italy and South Africa to two-year terms on the Security Council, commencing 1 January 2007. The fifth seat remains deadlocked after ten rounds of voting between Guatemala and Venezuela and may be thrown open to other candidates from Latin America and the Caribbean. ](/news/2006/10/16/un-security-council-election-the-united-nations-general-assembly-elects-belgium-indonesia-italy-and-south-africa-to-two-year-terms-on-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
