### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War: American-led intervention in Iraq: According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. 

Combat death near Erbil was the result of enemy fire, Defense Secretary Ash Carter tells reporters during trip to Germany


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/may/03/us-soldier-killed-in-northern-iraq)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. military_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2015 Sinjar offensive: Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: At least 12 tribal fighters were killed by ISIL insurgents. The attack occurred in Shirqat. ](/news/2016/11/19/iraqi-civil-war-at-least-12-tribal-fighters-were-killed-by-isil-insurgents-the-attack-occurred-in-shirqat.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
