### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. 

Rocket attack on hospital pushes death toll up as UN special envoy holds talks in Moscow, seeking a pause in fighting.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/syria-aleppo-hospital-attack-160503101336566.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Idlib Governorate clashes (2017): Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Six people are killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/20/syrian-civil-war-six-people-are-killed-in-a-suspected-chlorine-gas-attack-in-aleppo-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
