### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. 

Prime minister&#39;s office says referendum will be held later this year on quotas for resettlement of refugees.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/hungary-hold-referendum-refugee-quotas-160503111830237.html)

### Related:

1. [Hungary is to hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants. ](/news/2016/02/24/hungary-is-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-eu-quotas-for-relocating-migrants.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
2. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
3. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary_
4. [The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
5. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis_
6. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungary_
7. [Voters in Hungary go to the polls for a referendum on whether to accept mandatory European Union quotas on relocating migrants. While an overwhelming majority of voters reject the EU's migrant quotas, turnout was too low to make the poll valid. ](/news/2016/10/2/voters-in-hungary-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-european-union-quotas-on-relocating-migrants-while-an-ove.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary_
8. [Luxembourg's foreign minister Jean Asselborn calls for Hungary to be expelled from the European Union for its treatment of migrants. ](/news/2016/09/13/luxembourg-s-foreign-minister-jean-asselborn-calls-for-hungary-to-be-expelled-from-the-european-union-for-its-treatment-of-migrants.md) _Context: European Union, Hungary_
9. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters-will-get-to-choose-whethe.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis_
10. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis_
