### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# The sect Iglesia ni Cristo is suing supporters of Rodrigo Duterte for spreading a fake endorsement by the denomination. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/782901/inc-to-sue-persons-behind-fake-duterte-endorsement-letter)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [In a speech through Congress,  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asks the United States to return the iconic Balangiga bells taken during the Philippine-American War. ](/news/2017/07/24/in-a-speech-through-congress-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-asks-the-united-states-to-return-the-iconic-balangiga-bells-taken-during.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-after-numerous.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-government-s-military.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
