### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. 

Samarco and its owners Vale SA and BHP Billiton sued for 155bn real ($43.5bn), an amount calculated based on cost of Deepwater Horizon oil spill


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/03/brazil-iron-mine-samarco-fined-disaster?CMP=twt_gu)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Samarco, Vale_
2. [An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco Mineracao, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-the-nearby-village-of-bento-r.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Vale, tailings dam_
3. [Mining company Samarco agrees to pay $4.4bn reais (PS804m) in compensation to victims of the Bento Rodrigues dam disaster in Brazil. ](/news/2016/03/2/mining-company-samarco-agrees-to-pay-4-4bn-reais-aps804m-in-compensation-to-victims-of-the-bento-rodrigues-dam-disaster-in-brazil.md) _Context: Bento Rodrigues dam disaster, Samarco_
4. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep.  Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Vale_
5. [The Brazilian Development Bank announces plans to repay up to $29 billion in loans to the Government of Brazil in order to stem a burgeoning deficit. ](/news/2016/11/23/the-brazilian-development-bank-announces-plans-to-repay-up-to-29-billion-in-loans-to-the-government-of-brazil-in-order-to-stem-a-burgeoning.md) _Context: Government of Brazil_
6. [A Brazilian court suspends the licence for the Belo Monte Dam weeks before it was due to start operating until operator Norte Energia SA and the government of Brazil reorganizes Fundacao Nacional do Indio, a protection agency for indigenous Brazilians. ](/news/2016/01/14/a-brazilian-court-suspends-the-licence-for-the-belo-monte-dam-weeks-before-it-was-due-to-start-operating-until-operator-norte-energia-sa-and.md) _Context: Government of Brazil_
7. [As rescue teams labor to reach isolated communities, state officials are taking precautions to contain the environmental fallout from the burst dams. A  state public prosecutor based in Mariana says he will seek 500,000 Brazilian reais (US$130,000) in personal damages for each of about 200 families most affected by the dam burst. ](/news/2015/11/7/as-rescue-teams-labor-to-reach-isolated-communities-state-officials-are-taking-precautions-to-contain-the-environmental-fallout-from-the-bu.md) _Context: Brazilian real_
8. [Marius Kloppers announces that he will resign as the CEO of the world's largest mining company BHP Billiton in May to be replaced by Andrew MacKenzie. ](/news/2013/02/20/marius-kloppers-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-the-ceo-of-the-world-s-largest-mining-company-bhp-billiton-in-may-to-be-replaced-by-andrew.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
9. [Approximately 3000 coal miners working for BHP Billiton in the Australian state of Queensland commence a week-long strike. ](/news/2012/02/15/approximately-3000-coal-miners-working-for-bhp-billiton-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-commence-a-week-long-strike.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
10. [BHP Billiton buys U.S. based petroleum company Petrohawk for $12 billion. ](/news/2011/07/15/bhp-billiton-buys-u-s-based-petroleum-company-petrohawk-for-12-billion.md) _Context: BHP Billiton_
