### [2016-05-3](/news/2016/05/3/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. 

INDIANAPOLIS — In a stunning triumph for a political outsider, Donald Trump all but clinched the Republican presidential nomination Tuesday with a resounding victory in Indiana that knocked rival T…


### Source:

1. [Atlanta Journal Constitution](http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2016/05/03/donald-trump-cripples-stop-trump-movement-with-indiana-win/)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/05/03/politics/indiana-primary-results-live-updates/index.html)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/sanders-wins-indiana-democratic-primary-n567426)
4. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2016/05/03/476515029/4-things-to-watch-in-the-indiana-primary)
5. [New York Post](http://nypost.com/2016/05/03/donald-trump-wins-indiana-primary/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-he.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016. United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016. Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
6. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
7. [United States elections, 2016. Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. United States presidential election in Guam, 2016. Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-guam-2016-voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Registered Democratic voters in the U.S. state of Wyoming gather, by county, for the Wyoming Democratic caucuses. Bernie Sanders is projected to win. ](/news/2016/04/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-registered-democratic-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wyoming-gather-by-county-for-the-wyoming-demo.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States_
