### [2014-03-25](/news/2014/03/25/index.md)

# Garda phone tapping scandal:Martin Callinan resigns as Commissioner of Ireland's Garda Siochana (national police) over his "disgusting" comment about whistleblowers made to a parliamentary committee. Callinan had also been involved in controversy over the recent surveillance/bugging of GSOC. 

The head of the Irish police force resigns following a controversy over whistleblowers, whose concerns about the motoring penalty points system appeared to be vindicated by an independent report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26730162)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-26737264)
3. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0325/604553-stephen-cooper-court/)
4. [The Journal](http://www.thejournal.ie/callinan-wrote-to-justice-dept-about-recordings-2-weeks-ago-1381273-Mar2014/)
5. [The Journal](http://www.thejournal.ie/why-did-martin-callinan-resign-1379772-Mar2014/)

### Related:

1. [Garda phone tapping scandal:As the scandal rages on, it emerges Martin Callinan, who resigned as Garda Commissioner this week, wished to withdraw his use of the word "disgusting" to describe the behaviour of whistleblowers but was prevented from doing so by officials in the Department of Justice. ](/news/2014/03/27/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pas-the-scandal-rages-on-it-emerges-martin-callinan-who-resigned-as-garda-commissioner-this-week-wished-to-wi.md) _Context: Garda phone tapping scandal, Martin Callinan, whistleblower_
2. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
3. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
4. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: whistleblower_
5. [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md) _Context: police officer_
6. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: police officer_
7. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Government sources claim white powder in an envelope and possibly a swastika have been sent to the home of the Irish Minister for Justice and Equality Alan Shatter, who is embroiled in multiple political controversies. An army bomb disposal unit has moved in on Shatter's estate in Ballinteer, Dublin. ](/news/2014/04/2/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pgovernment-sources-claim-white-powder-in-an-envelope-and-possibly-a-swastika-have-been-sent-to-the-home-of-the.md) _Context: Garda phone tapping scandal_
8. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Court documents seen by RTE  Radio 1's ''This Week'' indicate that Gardai recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the 1996 Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation. ](/news/2014/03/30/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pcourt-documents-seen-by-rta-radio-1-s-this-week-indicate-that-gardaa-recorded-phone-conversations-with-t.md) _Context: police officer_
9. [Garda phone tapping scandal in the Republic of Ireland:Alan Shatter fights for his political survival in front of the Republic's parliament when he faces questions about yesterday's revelations of decades-long nationwide bugging. ](/news/2014/03/26/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-in-the-republic-of-ireland-palan-shatter-fights-for-his-political-survival-in-front-of-the-republic-s-parliament.md) _Context: Garda phone tapping scandal_
10. [An inquiry into the 1989 Jonesborough ambush finds that members of the Garda Siochana colluded with the IRA in the shooting of two RUC officers as they crossed the Irish border. ](/news/2013/12/3/an-inquiry-into-the-1989-jonesborough-ambush-finds-that-members-of-the-garda-saocha-na-colluded-with-the-ira-in-the-shooting-of-two-ruc-off.md) _Context: police officer_
