### [2014-03-25](/news/2014/03/25/index.md)

# Martin Callinan resigns as Commissioner of Ireland's Garda Siochana (national police) over his "disgusting" comment about whistleblowers made to a parliamentary committee. Callinan had also been involved in controversy over the recent surveillance/bugging of GSOC. 

The head of the Irish police force resigns following a controversy over whistleblowers, whose concerns about the motoring penalty points system appeared to be vindicated by an independent report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-26737264)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26730162)
3. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0325/604553-stephen-cooper-court/)
4. [The Journal](http://www.thejournal.ie/callinan-wrote-to-justice-dept-about-recordings-2-weeks-ago-1381273-Mar2014/)
5. [The Journal](http://www.thejournal.ie/why-did-martin-callinan-resign-1379772-Mar2014/)
5. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/73123000/jpg/_73123228_gards.jpg)

### Related:

1. [As the scandal rages on, it emerges Martin Callinan, who resigned as Garda Commissioner this week, wished to withdraw his use of the word "disgusting" to describe the behaviour of whistleblowers but was prevented from doing so by officials in the Department of Justice. ](/news/2014/03/27/as-the-scandal-rages-on-it-emerges-martin-callinan-who-resigned-as-garda-commissioner-this-week-wished-to-withdraw-his-use-of-the-word-d.md) _Context: Martin Callinan, whistleblower_
2. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: whistleblower_
3. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
4. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
5. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: whistleblower_
6. [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md) _Context: police officer_
7. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: police officer_
8. [Court documents seen by RTE Radio 1's "This Week" indicate that Gardai recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the 1996 Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation. ](/news/2014/03/30/court-documents-seen-by-rta-radio-1-s-this-week-indicate-that-gardaa-recorded-phone-conversations-with-two-main-witnesses-during-the-199.md) _Context: police officer_
9. [An inquiry into the 1989 Jonesborough ambush finds that members of the Garda Siochana colluded with the IRA in the shooting of two RUC officers as they crossed the Irish border. ](/news/2013/12/3/an-inquiry-into-the-1989-jonesborough-ambush-finds-that-members-of-the-garda-saocha-na-colluded-with-the-ira-in-the-shooting-of-two-ruc-off.md) _Context: police officer_
10. [John Kiriakou, the former CIA agent, who publicly discussed the U.S. government agency's use of waterboarding interrogation techniques, is sentenced to 30 months in prison. An argument that he was a whistleblower was dismissed and he was instead convicted of violating an intelligence law, the first person to be successfully targeted under the statute in 27 years. ](/news/2013/01/25/john-kiriakou-the-former-cia-agent-who-publicly-discussed-the-u-s-government-agency-s-use-of-waterboarding-interrogation-techniques-is-s.md) _Context: whistleblower_
