### [2014-03-25](/news/2014/03/25/index.md)

# The U.S. District Court in Manhattan finds that the trustee of MF Global may proceed with a lawsuit against former executives thereof, including former CEO Jon Corzine. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/25/mfglobal-lawsuit-idUSL1N0MM0PP20140325)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. District Court judge, Victor Marrero, denies a motion by former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, the former CEO of MF Global, to dismiss investor litigation intended to hold him accountable for MF Global's blow-up in October 2011. ](/news/2013/11/12/a-u-s-district-court-judge-victor-marrero-denies-a-motion-by-former-new-jersey-governor-jon-corzine-the-former-ceo-of-mf-global-to-dism.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, MF Global_
2. [The Financial Services Committee of the United States House of Representatives receives a memo quoting Edith O'Brien, the treasurer of defunct broker MF Global, to the effect that Jon S. Corzine was personally ordering the transfer of customers' money to a brokerage account with JP Morgan Chase last October. ](/news/2012/03/23/the-financial-services-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-receives-a-memo-quoting-edith-o-brien-the-treasurer-of-defun.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, MF Global_
3. [Former CEO of MF Global, Jon Corzine, testifies to a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives that he doesn't know what happened to the hundreds of millions of dollars of customers' money, supposedly in segregated accounts, that appears to be missing. ](/news/2011/12/8/former-ceo-of-mf-global-jon-corzine-testifies-to-a-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-that-he-doesn-t-know-what-happened-to-th.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, MF Global_
4. [In the U.S., the Agriculture Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives votes to issue a subpoena to Jon Corzine, former Governor of New Jersey, in connection with the collapse of MF Global and the disappearance of customer funds. ](/news/2011/12/2/in-the-u-s-the-agriculture-committee-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-to-issue-a-subpoena-to-jon-corzine-former-governor-of-new.md) _Context: Jon Corzine, MF Global_
5. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
6. [A U.S. district court judge gives the go-ahead to a billion-dollar lawsuit against PricewaterhouseCoopers in connection with the losses at MF Global in October 2011. ](/news/2016/08/5/a-u-s-district-court-judge-gives-the-go-ahead-to-a-billion-dollar-lawsuit-against-pricewaterhousecoopers-in-connection-with-the-losses-at-m.md) _Context: MF Global_
7. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
8. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf. The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-district-attorney-for-manhattan-says-he-intends-to-retry-a-murder-case-in-the-disappearance-of-etan-patz-which-ended-in-a-mistrial.md) _Context: Manhattan_
10. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Manhattan_
