### [2017-07-31](/news/2017/07/31/index.md)

# Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](https://www.ft.com/content/b52e9ade-7634-11e7-90c0-90a9d1bc9691)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-gulf-qatar-wto-exclusive-idUSKBN1AG1WJ)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Bahrain, Egypt, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
2. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Bahrain, Egypt, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
3. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates become the first countries to have non-Latin ccTLDs. ](/news/2010/05/6/egypt-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-become-the-first-countries-to-have-non-latin-cctlds.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
8. [ Tomihiro Taniguchi, Deputy Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announces that Algeria, Egypt, Morocco and Saudi Arabia, and possibly Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, will launch nuclear programs for desalination. A proliferation expert asserts the real reason behind the programs is for a "security hedge." ](/news/2006/11/4/tomihiro-taniguchi-deputy-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-algeria-egypt-morocco-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
9. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
