### [2017-07-31](/news/2017/07/31/index.md)

# The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. 

Sanctions freeze Venezuelan president’s assets under US jurisdiction and prevent US citizens from doing business with him


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-40784516)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/31/us-venezuela-sanctions-nicolas-maduro)

### Related:

1. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, President_
2. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
3. [Venezuelan police arrest the Opposition Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma without a warrant on the anniversary of the arrest of another opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez. The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro accused him of organizing a coup d'etat with the support of the United States but the US has denied this. ](/news/2015/02/19/venezuelan-police-arrest-the-opposition-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-without-a-warrant-on-the-anniversary-of-the-arrest-of-another-oppos.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, U.S._
4. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
5. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
6. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
7. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
8. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
