### [2013-06-16](/news/2013/06/16/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama chooses a Washington, D.C. lawyer, Clifford Sloan, with experience in all three branches of government to be the U.S. State Department's Special Envoy for closing the military-run prison at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/16/18989755-obama-chooses-lawyer-to-oversee-guantanamo-closure?lite)

### Related:

1. [United States-Venezuela relations. Venezuela recalls its charge d'affaires from its embassy in Washington, D.C. after U.S. President Barack Obama renewed a decree imposing sanctions on several top Venezuelan officials. ](/news/2016/03/10/united-states-venezuela-relations-venezuela-recalls-its-charga-c-d-affaires-from-its-embassy-in-washington-d-c-after-u-s-president-bara.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
2. [President Park Geun-hye of South Korea is in Washington, D.C. and met with President Barack Obama at The White House. ](/news/2015/10/16/president-park-geun-hye-of-south-korea-is-in-washington-d-c-and-met-with-president-barack-obama-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
3. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
4. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
7. [Middle East:. President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-h.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
8. [Tehran International Conference on Disarmament and Non-Proliferation, 2010:. The "Nuclear Energy for All, Nuclear Weapons for No One" disarmament conference opens in response to President of the United States Barack Obama's conference in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/04/17/tehran-international-conference-on-disarmament-and-non-proliferation-2010-the-nuclear-energy-for-all-nuclear-weapons-for-no-one-disarm.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
9. [Tens of thousands of people gather on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States to support President Barack Obama in his bid to overhaul the country's immigration laws. ](/news/2010/03/21/tens-of-thousands-of-people-gather-on-the-national-mall-in-washington-d-c-united-states-to-support-president-barack-obama-in-his-bid-to-o.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
10. [Saint Patrick's Day. President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C._
