### [2012-05-18](/news/2012/05/18/index.md)

# Sybrand van Haersma Buma is elected as the new party leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and becomes the "lijsttrekker" (top candidate) for the Dutch general election of 2012. 




### Source:

1. [DutchNews](http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2012/05/van_haersma_buma_wins_cda_lead.php)

### Related:

1. [Dutch general election of 2010:: Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende resigns as leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) after a disappointing election result. ](/news/2010/06/9/dutch-general-election-of-2010-prime-minister-jan-peter-balkenende-resigns-as-leader-of-the-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-after-a-disa.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal, party leader_
2. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: general election in the Netherlands_
3. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-show.md) _Context: general election in the Netherlands_
4. [In the Netherlands, Job Cohen, the leader of the Labour Party, resigns his position after increasing criticism of his performance. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-netherlands-job-cohen-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-resigns-his-position-after-increasing-criticism-of-his-performance.md) _Context: party leader_
5. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). ](/news/2010/09/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-informateur-ivo-opstelten-informs-queen-beatrix-that-the-coalition-formation-between-the-people-s-part.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal_
6. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and Party for Freedom (PVV) complete the coalition formation after 111 days. ](/news/2010/09/29/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-and-party-for-fr.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal_
7. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal_
8. [ General elections in the Netherlands have resulted in a landslide gain for the Socialist Party. The Christian Democratic CDA remains the largest party, but no two parties can form a cabinet with a majority in the House of Representatives. ](/news/2006/11/22/general-elections-in-the-netherlands-have-resulted-in-a-landslide-gain-for-the-socialist-party-the-christian-democratic-cda-remains-the-la.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Appeal_
