### [2006-12-16](/news/2006/12/16/index.md)

#  Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas calls for early legislative elections to end the stalemate in creating a national unity government with the Hamas party. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://us.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/12/16/abbas/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [Four additional Palestinians charged with collaborating with Israel are publicly executed outside of the Jabalia refugee camp by Hamas; the killings are denounced by the secretary-general of the PA, Tayeb Abdel Rahim, who compared them to ISIS. ](/news/2014/08/23/four-additional-palestinians-charged-with-collaborating-with-israel-are-publicly-executed-outside-of-the-jabalia-refugee-camp-by-hamas-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
5. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas says Middle East peace talks are in crisis following Israel's refusal to stop building in settlements. ](/news/2010/12/8/palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-says-middle-east-peace-talks-are-in-crisis-following-israel-s-refusal-to-stop-building-in-settlements.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian National Authority_
