### [2012-11-20](/news/2012/11/20/index.md)

# David Cameron announces that the 39th G8 summit will be held in Lough Erne, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland on June 2013. 

County Fermanagh in Northern Ireland is to host the next G8 summit of world leaders and the attendant massive security operation


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-foyle-west-20407937)
2. [Democrat](http://www.donegaldemocrat.ie/news/local/obama-and-putin-s-g8-meeting-in-fermanagh-to-boost-donegal-tourism-1-4503490)
3. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/ireland/cameron-confirms-g8-summit-for-fermanagh-574885.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom assumes presidency of G8 group. Next G8 summit is to be held on the shores of Lough Erne in Northern Ireland in June 2013. ](/news/2013/01/1/united-kingdom-assumes-presidency-of-g8-group-next-g8-summit-is-to-be-held-on-the-shores-of-lough-erne-in-northern-ireland-in-june-2013.md) _Context: G8 summit, Lough Erne, Northern Ireland_
2. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron, Northern Ireland_
3. [The 39th G8 summit gets underway in Northern Ireland with the Syrian civil war high on the agenda. ](/news/2013/06/17/the-39th-g8-summit-gets-underway-in-northern-ireland-with-the-syrian-civil-war-high-on-the-agenda.md) _Context: G8 summit, Northern Ireland_
4. [ A 400lb bomb partially explodes outside the headquarters of the Policing Board in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In another incident, three men are arrested after a shooting incident involving PSNI officers in the border village of Garrison, County Fermanagh. ](/news/2009/11/22/a-400lb-bomb-partially-explodes-outside-the-headquarters-of-the-policing-board-in-belfast-northern-ireland-in-another-incident-three-men.md) _Context: County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland_
5. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
10. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron_
