### [2012-11-20](/news/2012/11/20/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Islamist rebel groups in Aleppo denounce what they call a "conspiratorial project" and the new Syrian opposition, and say they seek to establish an "Islamic state". 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/2012112014726373275.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
3. [Syrian civil war:. Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. ](/news/2013/02/13/syrian-civil-war-rebels-clash-with-the-syrian-military-at-an-army-base-protecting-aleppo-s-international-airport-the-opposition-claims-th.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
5. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing. A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike. An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-tow.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
8. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-leb.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Siege of Wadi Barada. The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
10. [Syrian peace process. Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/syrian-peace-process-peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragil.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
