### [2012-08-23](/news/2012/08/23/index.md)

# Baltasar Garzon promises he has a surprise in the case against his client Julian Assange. The Swedish prosecutor refuses to travel to London. 




### Source:

1. [De Standaard'', in Dutch](http://www.standaard.be/artikel/detail.aspx?artikelid=DMF20120823_00268925)
2. [MSN Malaysia](http://news.malaysia.msn.com/regional/swedish-prosecutors-rule-out-london-assange-visit-1)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
2. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
3. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
4. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
5. [President of Ecuador Rafael Correa decides on the issue of granting asylum to WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange as Assange remains in the Ecuadorian embassy of London, risking arrest by the British authorities. ](/news/2012/06/21/president-of-ecuador-rafael-correa-decides-on-the-issue-of-granting-asylum-to-wikileaks-editor-in-chief-julian-assange-as-assange-remains-in.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
6. [WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange is moved to the segregation unit of London's Wandsworth Prison "for his own safety, presumably", says his lawyer. ](/news/2010/12/11/wikileaks-spokesperson-julian-assange-is-moved-to-the-segregation-unit-of-london-s-wandsworth-prison-for-his-own-safety-presumably-says.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
7. [Iraq War Logs: Julian Assange of Wikileaks tells a London news conference that the 400,000 classified U.S. military documents released to the general public yesterday reveal that the Iraq War is "a bloodbath on every corner". ](/news/2010/10/23/iraq-war-logs-julian-assange-of-wikileaks-tells-a-london-news-conference-that-the-400-000-classified-u-s-military-documents-released-to-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London_
8. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: London_
9. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
10. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: London_
