### [2011-02-7](/news/2011/02/7/index.md)

# Continental Airlines announces that it plans to lay off 500 staff in Houston, Texas following its merger with United Airlines. 




### Source:

1. [KHOU](http://www.khou.com/news/local/Continental-to-lay-off-hundreds-of-employees-in-Houston-115497389.html)

### Related:

1. [United Airlines shareholders  meeting in Elk Grove, Illinois in Cook County, approve a deal to merge with Continental Airlines to create the world's biggest airline. ](/news/2010/09/17/united-airlines-shareholders-meeting-in-elk-grove-illinois-in-cook-county-approve-a-deal-to-merge-with-continental-airlines-to-create-the.md) _Context: Continental Airlines, United Airlines_
2. [The United States Department of Justice closes an antitrust probe into a proposed merger of United Airlines and Continental Airlines clearing the way for shareholders to vote on the proposal. ](/news/2010/08/27/the-united-states-department-of-justice-closes-an-antitrust-probe-into-a-proposed-merger-of-united-airlines-and-continental-airlines-clearin.md) _Context: Continental Airlines, United Airlines_
3. [American air carriers United and Continental officially announce a merger that will create the world's largest airline. ](/news/2010/05/3/american-air-carriers-united-and-continental-officially-announce-a-merger-that-will-create-the-world-s-largest-airline.md) _Context: Continental Airlines, United Airlines_
4. [ Hurricane Katrina: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city.  The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]  Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-p-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md) _Context: Houston, Texas, Texas_
5. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of PS800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-flight-on-april-9-which-has-since-gone.md) _Context: United Airlines_
8. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
