### [2011-02-7](/news/2011/02/7/index.md)

# United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables reveal Australia and the United States formed an alliance in February 2008 to share secret intelligence from spy satellite. 

AUSTRALIA and the US have formed a partnership to share top-secret intelligence from spy satellites as Australia moves to acquire a satellite to boost surveillance of Asia and the Pacific.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/technology/technology-news/poodle-who-holds-key-to-a-nations-future-20110206-1aii6.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/feb/07/guardian-moscow-correspondent-expelled-from-russia?CMP=twt_gu)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/technology/technology-news/australia-and-the-us-agree-on-a-spy-satellite-deal-20110206-1aii0.html)

### Related:

1. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables from the United States indicate former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd suggested the use of force against China if it could not be "successfully integrated" into the international community. The Australian government refuses to respond to the release. ](/news/2010/12/6/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-pnewly-released-cables-from-the-united-states-indicate-former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-su.md) _Context: 250,000 documents, Australia, United States_
2. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
3. [Australia-Philippines relations,  Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/australia-philippines-relations-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-t.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
4. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
6. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
7. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and  express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
8. [The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force will for the first time participate in Exercise Talisman Saber, a joint exercise between the United States and Australia. ](/news/2015/05/26/the-japan-ground-self-defense-force-will-for-the-first-time-participate-in-exercise-talisman-saber-a-joint-exercise-between-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
9. [Australia and the United States lift sanctions against Fiji following recent democratic elections. ](/news/2014/10/31/australia-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-against-fiji-following-recent-democratic-elections.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
10. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Australia, United States_
