### [2002-12-10](/news/2002/12/10/index.md)

# A paper published in The Lancet by a team led by Christos Pantelis from the University of Melbourne suggests that it may be possible to predict the onset of schizophrenia using magnetic resonance imaging of the brain. If so, this will be the first time that brain scans have been used to predict the onset of a mental illness, offering the possibility of preventative treatment before a major psychotic episode.




### Related:

1. [A study published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" on gender identity reports brains do not really fit into "male" or "female" categories. Tel Aviv University's Daphna Joel's research team, in analyzing the MRI scans of some 1,400 individuals, found only a very small number of the brains studied had features that were entirely male, female, or intermediate between the two. The vast majority had a mosaic. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-study-published-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-on-gender-identity-reports-brains-do-not-really-fit-into-male-o.md) _Context: MRI scans, brain_
2. [Results, published in "The Lancet" medical journal, of the WOMAN (World Maternal Antifibrinolytic) international study that began in 2010, finds use of a cheap and widely available drug, tranexamic acid (Lysteda in the U.S. and Australia), could save the lives of thousands of women who die in childbirth from excessive bleeding. The medication is already in use for blood loss from major trauma, surgery, tooth removal, nose bleeds, and heavy menstruation. ](/news/2017/04/26/results-published-in-the-lancet-medical-journal-of-the-woman-world-maternal-antifibrinolytic-international-study-that-began-in-2010-f.md) _Context: The Lancet_
3. [Swiss research, published in the medical journal "The Lancet", found that paracetamol -- sold as Tylenol and as a generic, acetaminophen, in the United States -- was not effective at reducing pain or improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. The analysis examined 74 randomly-selected trials published between 1980 and 2015 with 58,556 patients who had osteoarthritis. The study did find the prescription drug diclofenac, sold in the U.S. as Cataflam or Voltaren, is the most effective NSAID available. McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the makers of Tylenol, disagree with the study's conclusions. ](/news/2016/03/18/swiss-research-published-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-found-that-paracetamol-sold-as-tylenol-and-as-a-generic-acetaminophen-in.md) _Context: The Lancet_
4. [Researchers at University College London report in "The Lancet" that an annual blood test could help reduce women's risk of dying from ovarian cancer by about 20 percent. ](/news/2015/12/17/researchers-at-university-college-london-report-in-the-lancet-that-an-annual-blood-test-could-help-reduce-women-s-risk-of-dying-from-ovari.md) _Context: The Lancet_
5. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to North America. A one-year old baby girl with an apparently incurable illness, who was kissed by Pope Francis during his visit to Philadelphia in September, gets MRI results showing her brain tumor has shrunk significantly. Some friends and family call it the "Miracle on Market Street." ](/news/2015/11/25/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-north-america-a-one-year-old-baby-girl-with-an-apparently-incurable-illness-who-was-kissed-by-pope-francis-dur.md) _Context: MRI scans_
6. [A study in the medical journal "The Lancet" states that babies who are breastfed were more likely to have higher IQs, spend more time in school, and end up in higher-paying jobs. ](/news/2015/03/18/a-study-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-states-that-babies-who-are-breastfed-were-more-likely-to-have-higher-iqs-spend-more-time-in-sch.md) _Context: The Lancet_
7. [A woman suffering from schizophrenia stabbed three students and a police negotiator at a secondary school in Zdar nad Sazavou, Czech Republic. A 16-year-old boy died due to his injuries. ](/news/2014/10/14/a-woman-suffering-from-schizophrenia-stabbed-three-students-and-a-police-negotiator-at-a-secondary-school-in-a1-2aa-r-nad-sa-zavou-czech-rep.md) _Context: schizophrenia_
8. [A report sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and published online by "the Lancet" finds that 30% of the world's population is overweight or obese. ](/news/2014/05/29/a-report-sponsored-by-the-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-and-published-online-by-the-lancet-finds-that-30-of-the-world-s-population-is-o.md) _Context: The Lancet_
9. [A study finds common genetic links between five major psychiatric disorders: autism, ADHD, bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia. ](/news/2013/02/28/a-study-finds-common-genetic-links-between-five-major-psychiatric-disorders-autism-adhd-bipolar-disorder-depression-and-schizophrenia.md) _Context: schizophrenia_
10. [A Duke research scientist announces that he has successfully connected the brains of two rats in such a way that they share information. ](/news/2013/02/28/a-duke-research-scientist-announces-that-he-has-successfully-connected-the-brains-of-two-rats-in-such-a-way-that-they-share-information.md) _Context: brain_
