### [2002-12-10](/news/2002/12/10/index.md)

# The government of Indonesia and rebel leaders from the province of Aceh (in the north of Sumatra) have signed a peace accord which negotiators hope will bring an end to fighting in the province.




### Related:

1. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
2. [LGBT rights in Indonesia. Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/lgbt-rights-in-indonesia-two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: Aceh, Indonesia_
3. [2016 Aceh earthquake. International aid organisations arrive in the Indonesian province of Aceh as the death toll for the earthquake passes 100. ](/news/2016/12/8/2016-aceh-earthquake-international-aid-organisations-arrive-in-the-indonesian-province-of-aceh-as-the-death-toll-for-the-earthquake-passes.md) _Context: Aceh, Indonesia_
4. [2016 Aceh earthquake. At least 96 people are killed following a 6.4 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia's Aceh region. Hundreds of people are injured and several buildings have collapsed. ](/news/2016/12/7/2016-aceh-earthquake-at-least-96-people-are-killed-following-a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-in-indonesia-s-aceh-region-hundreds-of-people-are.md) _Context: Aceh, Indonesia_
5. [2016 Aceh earthquake. At least 43,000 have been displaced by Wednesday's earthquake in the Indonesian province of Aceh. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-aceh-earthquake-at-least-43-000-have-been-displaced-by-wednesday-s-earthquake-in-the-indonesian-province-of-aceh.md) _Context: Aceh, Indonesia_
6. [Indonesia's Mount Sinabung erupts, killing at least six people in Sumatra. ](/news/2016/05/22/indonesia-s-mount-sinabung-erupts-killing-at-least-six-people-in-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
7. [2016 Sumatra earthquake. The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/2016-sumatra-earthquake-the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorol.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
8. [2015 Southeast Asian haze. The Indonesian state of Riau extends its haze emergency by another month while four airports in Sumatra and Kalimantan remain shut. ](/news/2015/11/2/2015-southeast-asian-haze-the-indonesian-state-of-riau-extends-its-haze-emergency-by-another-month-while-four-airports-in-sumatra-and-kalim.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
9. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40 missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
10. [Seventeen students are killed and five injured when a truck carrying them to school overturns on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. ](/news/2015/05/28/seventeen-students-are-killed-and-five-injured-when-a-truck-carrying-them-to-school-overturns-on-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sumatra_
