### [2002-12-10](/news/2002/12/10/index.md)

# The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, located in New York, reversed a lower court ruling that found the federal death penalty unconstitutional because it amounted to the "state-sponsored murder" of innocent people. 




### Related:

1. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, advises that the US government will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof accused of conducting the 2015 Charleston massacre. ](/news/2016/05/24/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-advises-that-the-us-government-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-dylann-roof-acc.md) _Context: death penalty_
2. [The Mexican government approves the extradition of drug boss Joaquin Guzman to the United States following assurances that he will not face the death penalty. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-mexican-government-approves-the-extradition-of-drug-boss-joaquan-guzma-n-to-the-united-states-following-assurances-that-he-will-not-fac.md) _Context: death penalty_
3. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: death penalty_
4. [Pakistan lifts a moratorium on the death penalty for terrorism, months after reinstating it. ](/news/2015/03/10/pakistan-lifts-a-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-for-terrorism-months-after-reinstating-it.md) _Context: death penalty_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: death penalty_
6. [The jury in the U.S. state of Arizona that convicted Jodi Arias of first-degree murder last week quickly decide that she should either face the death penalty or life in prison without parole during the penalty phase of trial. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-jury-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-that-convicted-jodi-arias-of-first-degree-murder-last-week-quickly-decide-that-she-should-either-face.md) _Context: death penalty_
7. [Lindsay Sandiford loses her appeal against the death penalty in Indonesia for a charge of drug smuggling. ](/news/2013/04/8/lindsay-sandiford-loses-her-appeal-against-the-death-penalty-in-indonesia-for-a-charge-of-drug-smuggling.md) _Context: death penalty_
8. [In Bangladesh, thousands of protesters call for blasphemy laws that would include death penalty for bloggers who insult Islam, the majority religion of the country. ](/news/2013/04/6/in-bangladesh-thousands-of-protesters-call-for-blasphemy-laws-that-would-include-death-penalty-for-bloggers-who-insult-islam-the-majority.md) _Context: death penalty_
9. [Prosecutors discuss a plea deal (avoidance of the death penalty in exchange for a likely sentence of life in prison without parole) for the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Police have taken DNA from Tamerlan Tsarnaev's wife and are exploring the brothers' connection to two deceased Russian extremists. ](/news/2013/04/29/prosecutors-discuss-a-plea-deal-avoidance-of-the-death-penalty-in-exchange-for-a-likely-sentence-of-life-in-prison-without-parole-for-the.md) _Context: death penalty_
10. [Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler decides, after speaking with survivors and relatives of the deceased, to pursue the death penalty against James Eagan Holmes, the perpetrator of the 2012 Aurora shooting; the case is given to a new judge. ](/news/2013/04/1/arapahoe-county-district-attorney-george-brauchler-decides-after-speaking-with-survivors-and-relatives-of-the-deceased-to-pursue-the-death.md) _Context: death penalty_
