### [2002-12-10](/news/2002/12/10/index.md)

# Venezuela's Supreme Court announced it was suspending its services, citing political harassment and condemning deadly violence during a general strike by opponents of President Hugo Chvez.




### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
2. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuelan protests. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leo.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
4. [Constitution of Venezuela. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/constitution-of-venezuela-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
5. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Violence breaks out in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal between students and police after a supreme court ruling curtailed the power of the opposition-controlled National Assembly to review government appointments of Supreme Court justices. ](/news/2016/03/3/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-violence-breaks-out-in-the-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-between-students-and-police-after-a-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
6. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez returns home after undergoing cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2013/02/18/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-returns-home-after-undergoing-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Venezuela_
7. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. ](/news/2013/01/9/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-rules-that-the-latest-inauguration-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-can-be-deferred-while-his-recovery-c.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
8. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a presidential election, with Hugo Chvez of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela and Henrique Capriles Radonski of the opposing Justice First party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/10/7/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-hugo-chavez-of-the-united-socialist-party-of-venezuela-and-henrique-ca.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Venezuela_
9. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal orders the opposition not to destroy the voter list following its primary. ](/news/2012/02/14/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-orders-the-opposition-not-to-destroy-the-voter-list-following-its-primary.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
10. [The price of gold reaches a new record after the President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez announces plans to nationalize the Venezuelan gold industry. ](/news/2011/08/17/the-price-of-gold-reaches-a-new-record-after-the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-announces-plans-to-nationalize-the-venezuelan-gold-indus.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Venezuela_
