### [2016-06-23](/news/2016/06/23/index.md)

# The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. 

Kuwaiti government has filed a lawsuit against the Olympic body for more than $1bn in damages.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/kuwait-sues-ioc-1bn-olympic-suspension-160623101228231.html)

### Related:

1. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
2. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
3. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
4. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
5. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
6. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
7. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
8. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
9. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
10. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
