### [2016-06-23](/news/2016/06/23/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 4-3 decision, upholds the University of Texas's practice of considering race in college admissions. Justice Elena Kagan recused herself for prior work on the case as United States solicitor general. 

WASHINGTON (AP) — In a narrow victory for affirmative action, the Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a University of Texas program that takes account of race in deciding whom to admit, an important national decision that…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/87f9c6ae0150469f9204b5d79c7dc7ad/texas-affirmative-action-plan-survives-supreme-court-review)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/supreme-court-tie-dooms-obama-immigration-policy-n582961)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-affirmativeaction-idUSKCN0Z91N3)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/us/politics/supreme-court-affirmative-action-university-of-texas.html?_r=0)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/us/supreme-court-immigration-obama-dapa.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [President Obama nominates Solicitor General Elena Kagan as the youngest Justice and third woman for the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/05/10/president-obama-nominates-solicitor-general-elena-kagan-as-the-youngest-justice-and-third-woman-for-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, U.S. Supreme Court, United States solicitor general_
2. [The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling, essentially upholds the state of Colorado's legalization of marijuana, turning down complaints by the neighboring states of Nebraska and Oklahoma that, by federal and their state law, Colorado's statutes allow "illegal marijuana" to pour into their states. Last year, the justices asked the federal government to weigh in; in December, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. urged the court to turn away the lawsuit. Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-essentially-upholds-the-state-of-colorado-s-legalization-of-marijuana-turning-down-compla.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States solicitor general_
3. [Elena Kagan is sworn in as the fourth woman to sit on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/08/8/elena-kagan-is-sworn-in-as-the-fourth-woman-to-sit-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [The United States Senate confirms the nomination of Elena Kagan as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-states-senate-confirms-the-nomination-of-elena-kagan-as-an-associate-justice-of-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [ U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg takes the rare step of reading aloud her dissent in "Ledbetter v. Goodyear". ](/news/2007/05/29/u-s-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-takes-the-rare-step-of-reading-aloud-her-dissent-in-ledbetter-v-goodyear.md) _Context: Justice, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
