### [2016-06-23](/news/2016/06/23/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 4-3 decision, upholds the University of Texas's  practice of considering race in college admissions. Justice Elena Kagan recused herself for prior work on the case as United States solicitor general. 

WASHINGTON (AP) — In a narrow victory for affirmative action, the Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a University of Texas program that takes account of race in deciding whom to admit, an important national decision that…


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-affirmativeaction-idUSKCN0Z91N3)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/us/supreme-court-immigration-obama-dapa.html?_r=0)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/supreme-court-tie-dooms-obama-immigration-policy-n582961)
4. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/87f9c6ae0150469f9204b5d79c7dc7ad/texas-affirmative-action-plan-survives-supreme-court-review)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/us/politics/supreme-court-affirmative-action-university-of-texas.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [President Obama nominates Solicitor General  Elena Kagan as the youngest Justice and third woman for the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/05/10/president-obama-nominates-solicitor-general-elena-kagan-as-the-youngest-justice-and-third-woman-for-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, Supreme Court of the United States, United States solicitor general_
2. [The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling, essentially upholds the state of Colorado's legalization of marijuana, turning down complaints by the neighboring states of Nebraska and Oklahoma that, by federal and their state law, Colorado's statutes  allow "illegal marijuana" to pour into their states. Last year, the justices  asked the federal government to weigh in; in December, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr.  urged the court to turn away the lawsuit. Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-essentially-upholds-the-state-of-colorado-s-legalization-of-marijuana-turning-down-compla.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, United States solicitor general_
3. [Elena Kagan is sworn in as the fourth woman to sit on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/08/8/elena-kagan-is-sworn-in-as-the-fourth-woman-to-sit-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, Supreme Court of the United States_
4. [The United States Senate confirms the nomination of Elena Kagan as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-states-senate-confirms-the-nomination-of-elena-kagan-as-an-associate-justice-of-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Elena Kagan, Supreme Court of the United States_
5. [ U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg takes the rare step of reading aloud her dissent in ''Ledbetter v. Goodyear''. ](/news/2007/05/29/u-s-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-takes-the-rare-step-of-reading-aloud-her-dissent-in-ledbetter-v-goodyear.md) _Context: Justice, Supreme Court of the United States_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
10. [The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
