### [2017-04-8](/news/2017/04/8/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. 

The soldier was taking part in an operation against Islamic State, which is thought to have up to 1,500 fighters in the country.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/us-special-forces-soldier-killed-in-operation-against-is-in-afghanistan-10830909)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-afghanistan-the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike: The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. ](/news/2016/01/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-at-least-6-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-according-to-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Nangarhar Province_
4. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
7. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Camp Shaheen attack: Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-2017-camp-shaheen-attack-taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-m.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
8. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [War in Afghanistan: At least seven people are killed when their vehicle hits a roadside bomb in Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/01/15/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-when-their-vehicle-hits-a-roadside-bomb-in-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan: At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan_
