### [2003-09-2](/news/2003/09/2/index.md)

#  Premier of Ontario Ernie Eves calls a provincial election for October 2. Eves' incumbent Tories, Dalton McGuinty's Liberals, and Howard Hampton's NDP are in the race.




### Related:

1. [ Ontario general election, 2003: Dalton McGuinty becomes the new premier of Ontario when his party defeats Ernie Eves's incumbent Tories and Howard Hampton's NDP.](/news/2003/10/2/ontario-general-election-2003-dalton-mcguinty-becomes-the-new-premier-of-ontario-when-his-party-defeats-ernie-eves-s-incumbent-tories-and.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty, Ernie Eves, Howard Hampton, Ontario New Democratic Party, Ontario general election, 2003_
2. [Kathleen Wynne is elected as the leader of the ruling Ontario Liberal Party and will become the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Ontario and the first openly gay premier in Canadian history. ](/news/2013/01/26/kathleen-wynne-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-ruling-ontario-liberal-party-and-will-become-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-provinc.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party, Premier_
3. [Voters in Canada's most populous province Ontario go to the polls for a general election with the Ontario Liberal Party, led by Dalton McGuinty, winning another term under a slight minority government.](/news/2011/10/6/voters-in-canada-s-most-populous-province-ontario-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ontario-liberal-party-led-by-dalton-mcgui.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty, Ontario Liberal Party_
4. [ The general election in the Canadian province of Ontario gives the Liberal government of Premier Dalton McGuinty an enlarged majority. ](/news/2007/10/10/the-general-election-in-the-canadian-province-of-ontario-gives-the-liberal-government-of-premier-dalton-mcguinty-an-enlarged-majority.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty, Ontario Liberal Party_
5. [ Premier Dalton McGuinty of Ontario, Canada rejects the use of Islamic sharia law as well as religious arbitration of all other faiths, declaring that one public law is to be used for all family disputes. The decision follows a year of debate and worldwide protests. ](/news/2005/09/12/premier-dalton-mcguinty-of-ontario-canada-rejects-the-use-of-islamic-sharia-law-as-well-as-religious-arbitration-of-all-other-faiths-decl.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty, Premier_
6. [ Ontario New Democratic Party candidate Andrea Horwath wins the provincial riding of Hamilton East, returning the NDP to official party status in the Ontario Legislature. The by-election was held to replace Liberal MPP Dominic Agostino, who had died in office.](/news/2004/05/13/ontario-new-democratic-party-candidate-andrea-horwath-wins-the-provincial-riding-of-hamilton-east-returning-the-ndp-to-official-party-stat.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party, Ontario New Democratic Party_
7. [Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty announces his resignation. [http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/article/1271913--premier-dalton-mcguinty-resigns (Toronto Star) ]](/news/2012/10/15/ontario-premier-dalton-mcguinty-announces-his-resignation-http-www-thestar-com-news-canada-article-1271913-premier-dalton-mcguinty-resi.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty_
8. [Rescue efforts restart at Algo Centre Mall, after the Premier of Ontario, Dalton McGuinty, orders them resumed. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper asks the Canadian Forces to ready for deployment, if they should be needed. ](/news/2012/06/26/rescue-efforts-restart-at-algo-centre-mall-after-the-premier-of-ontario-dalton-mcguinty-orders-them-resumed-canadian-prime-minister-step.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty_
9. [Citizenship and Immigration Canada cuts funding for settlement centres across the country, leading to the Ontario Liberals protesting the decision that will affect many new immigrants in the province. Immigration minister Jason Kenney also affirms that Santa Claus is Canadian, referring to his characteristic red and white colours. ](/news/2010/12/23/citizenship-and-immigration-canada-cuts-funding-for-settlement-centres-across-the-country-leading-to-the-ontario-liberals-protesting-the-de.md) _Context: Ontario Liberal Party_
10. [ Canada: Dalton McGuinty is sworn in as the 24th premier of Ontario.](/news/2003/10/23/canada-dalton-mcguinty-is-sworn-in-as-the-24th-premier-of-ontario.md) _Context: Dalton McGuinty_
