### [2003-09-2](/news/2003/09/2/index.md)

#  Road map for peace: Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz states he favors expelling Palestinian President Yasser Arafat by the end of the year, because Arafat is obstructing the United States led peace plan. Arafat denies the statement and says he backs the peace plan (though he refuses to release control of Palestinian security services to reformer Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to stop militant group attacks as mandated by the plan). Palestinian leaders call Defense Minister's remarks inflammatory.




### Related:

1. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Yasser Arafat, road map peace plan_
2. [ A planned meeting between Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas is cancelled by Abbas. He accuses Israel of not doing enough in a US-backed road map for peace. Israel had said that 540 Palestinian prisoners would be freed but only released 342 names in a prisoner list. Israel accuses the Palestinians of not curbing terrorist attacks on Israel.](/news/2003/08/5/a-planned-meeting-between-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-is-cancelled-by-abbas-he-accuse.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, road map peace plan_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President_
4. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
5. [ Palestinian militants fire two rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/8/palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
6. [ The Israeli Air Force attacks the Gaza Strip after Palestinian militants fire two rockets into the country. ](/news/2009/02/7/the-israeli-air-force-attacks-the-gaza-strip-after-palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-into-the-country.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
7. [ Palestinian militants fire three rockets into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/19/palestinian-militants-fire-three-rockets-into-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
8. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
9. [ Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. ](/news/2009/02/1/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-four-rockets-and-sixteen-mortar-shells-into-israel-s-negev-region.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
10. [ A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-between-the-palestinian-presiden.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
