
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-accidental-error-in-connecting.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-accidental-error-in-connecting.json)  [XML](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-accidental-error-in-connecting.xml)  

### [2005-09-12](/news/2005/09/12/index.md)

##### power outage
#  According to the Department of Water and Power, the power outage is of "non-malicious cause" triggered by an accidental error in connecting lines to a newly installed computer. DWP (Dept of Water and Power) General Manager Ron Deaton says repairs have been made and the system will be restored in an orderly manner. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-la-091205blackout_lat,0,7871549.story?coll=ny-top-headlines (Newsday)] Despite the disruption to two million customers, the system's successfully controlled shutdown prevented a blackout from extending beyond the region. 




### Changes:

1. [ Los Angeles Power Outage: According to the Department of Water and Power, the power outage is of "non-malicious cause" triggered by an accidental error in connecting lines to a newly installed computer. DWP (Dept of Water and Power) General Manager Ron Deaton says repairs have been made and the system will be restored in an orderly manner. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-la-091205blackout_lat,0,7871549.story?coll=ny-top-headlines (Newsday)] Despite the disruption to two million customers, the system's successfully controlled shutdown prevented a blackout from extending beyond the region. ](/news/2005/09/12/los-angeles-power-outage-p-according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-a.md) _2017-05-25 03:17:03 (First version)_
2. [ Los Angeles Power Outage: According to the Department of Water and Power, the power outage is of "non-malicious cause" triggered by an accidental error in connecting lines to a newly installed computer. DWP (Dept of Water and Power) General Manager Ron Deaton says repairs have been made and the system will be restored in an orderly manner. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-la-091205blackout_lat,0,7871549.story?coll=ny-top-headlines (Newsday)] Despite the disruption to two million customers, the system's successfully controlled shutdown prevented a blackout from extending beyond the region. ](/news/2005/09/12/los-angeles-power-outage-p-according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-acc.md) _2017-08-25 03:16:47 (Update)_
3. [ Los Angeles Power Outage:: According to the Department of Water and Power, the power outage is of "non-malicious cause" triggered by an accidental error in connecting lines to a newly installed computer. DWP (Dept of Water and Power) General Manager Ron Deaton says repairs have been made and the system will be restored in an orderly manner. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-la-091205blackout_lat,0,7871549.story?coll=ny-top-headlines (Newsday)]: Despite the disruption to two million customers, the system's successfully controlled shutdown prevented a blackout from extending beyond the region. ](/news/2005/09/12/los-angeles-power-outage-according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-acc.md) _2017-08-27 03:16:48 (Update)_
3. [ According to the Department of Water and Power, the power outage is of "non-malicious cause" triggered by an accidental error in connecting lines to a newly installed computer. DWP (Dept of Water and Power) General Manager Ron Deaton says repairs have been made and the system will be restored in an orderly manner. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-la-091205blackout_lat,0,7871549.story?coll=ny-top-headlines (Newsday)] Despite the disruption to two million customers, the system's successfully controlled shutdown prevented a blackout from extending beyond the region. ](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-the-department-of-water-and-power-the-power-outage-is-of-non-malicious-cause-triggered-by-an-accidental-error-in-connecting.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: power outage_
2. [Large parts of Turkey experience a power outage affecting public services and infrastructure including air traffic control, trams, and subways in Istanbul. As much as 65% of the country is without power. ](/news/2015/03/31/large-parts-of-turkey-experience-a-power-outage-affecting-public-services-and-infrastructure-including-air-traffic-control-trams-and-subwa.md) _Context: power outage_
3. [ The North American blizzard of 2009 produces record snowfall, causing power outages, deaths, and impacting retail sales. ](/news/2009/12/19/the-north-american-blizzard-of-2009-produces-record-snowfall-causing-power-outages-deaths-and-impacting-retail-sales.md) _Context: power outage_
4. [ A nationwide mid-morning power outage hits Colombia; government sources discount guerrilla activity and blame a technical fault. ](/news/2007/04/26/a-nationwide-mid-morning-power-outage-hits-colombia-government-sources-discount-guerrilla-activity-and-blame-a-technical-fault.md) _Context: power outage_
5. [ A helicopter with 13 passengers and 4 crewmembers makes an emergency landing in the North Sea between Texel and Den Helder, The Netherlands. One passenger is taken to hospital with hypothermia. The passengers were being evacuated from an offshore oil rig after a power outage. ](/news/2006/11/21/a-helicopter-with-13-passengers-and-4-crewmembers-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-the-north-sea-between-texel-and-den-helder-the-netherlands.md) _Context: power outage_
