### [2005-09-12](/news/2005/09/12/index.md)

#  According to witnesses, the Egyptian border patrol police opened fire at crowds swarming the Egypt-Gaza border at Rafah, killing a Palestinian man and injuring another. An Egyptian spokesman later denied that Egyptian troops fired the shots that killed the man. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/C32C6D14-F5CA-4747-9022-7DE8FFC4F14B.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4238000.stm)
3. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L1287445.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Palestinian, Rafah_
2. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
3. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
4. [A Palestinian man is killed by the collapse of a smuggling tunnel under the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/08/29/a-palestinian-man-is-killed-by-the-collapse-of-a-smuggling-tunnel-under-the-border-between-egypt-and-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
5. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
6. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
7. [Middle East:Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/middle-east-pisraeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egypti.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
8. [ Thousands of Palestinians flee into Egypt, as the border wall with Gaza in Rafah is blown up by militants. ](/news/2008/01/23/thousands-of-palestinians-flee-into-egypt-as-the-border-wall-with-gaza-in-rafah-is-blown-up-by-militants.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah.  Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
10. [ Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/two-israelis-one-a-soldier-in-the-combat-engineering-corps-and-one-a-civilian-are-wounded-by-a-palestinian-sniper-in-an-attack-on-philad.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
