### [2005-09-12](/news/2005/09/12/index.md)

#  Michael D. Brown resigns as the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency of the United States (FEMA) following several days of criticism concerning his handling of the disaster following Hurricane Katrina, and allegations that his official biography is misleading and contains unsubstantiated claims. 

President Bush has tapped a federal official with three decades of firefighting experience and a background in emergency management to be the new face of his administration&#8217;s response to Hurricane Katrina and other natural disasters.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/9315184/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/050912/050912_paulison_vmed.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ In the United States, it has been revealed that the White House knew of extensive flooding of New Orleans in the hours after Hurricane Katrina struck last August. Michael Brown, the former head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), told a Senate Committee that he informed the White House of the seriousness of the situation at a time when even the media were not fully aware of the extent of the flooding. ](/news/2006/02/11/in-the-united-states-it-has-been-revealed-that-the-white-house-knew-of-extensive-flooding-of-new-orleans-in-the-hours-after-hurricane-katr.md) _Context: Federal Emergency Management Agency, Hurricane Katrina, Michael Brown_
2. [ United States Department of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff appoints Vice Admiral Thad W. Allen, chief of staff of the United States Coast Guard, to direct Hurricane Katrina relief efforts in New Orleans, in place of Federal Emergency Management Agency director Michael D. Brown, who returns to Washington to direct planning for future disaster relief. ](/news/2005/09/9/united-states-department-of-homeland-security-secretary-michael-chertoff-appoints-vice-admiral-thad-w-allen-chief-of-staff-of-the-united.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Michael Brown_
3. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
4. [Hurricane Isaac arrives in the US city of New Orleans on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina hitting the city. Damage is limited. ](/news/2012/08/29/hurricane-isaac-arrives-in-the-us-city-of-new-orleans-on-the-seventh-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-hitting-the-city-damage-is-limited.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
5. [Former New Orleans Police Department officers are sentenced to decades in jail for shooting civilians after Hurricane Katrina, and a subsequent coverup. ](/news/2012/04/4/former-new-orleans-police-department-officers-are-sentenced-to-decades-in-jail-for-shooting-civilians-after-hurricane-katrina-and-a-subsequ.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama pledges to restore the Gulf Coast on the fifth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina in a speech in New Orleans. ](/news/2010/08/29/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-pledges-to-restore-the-gulf-coast-on-the-fifth-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-in-a-speech-in-n.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
7. [Six more New Orleans police officers are charged with: shooting dead two civilians, injuries caused to four other civilians, and conspiracy to cover up the incidents on a bridge in the aftermath of the deadly Hurricane Katrina in 2005. ](/news/2010/07/13/six-more-new-orleans-police-officers-are-charged-with-shooting-dead-two-civilians-injuries-caused-to-four-other-civilians-and-conspiracy.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
8. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
9. [ Two owners of a New Orleans nursing home are found not guilty of negligent homicide concerning the death of 35 residents after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2007/09/7/two-owners-of-a-new-orleans-nursing-home-are-found-not-guilty-of-negligent-homicide-concerning-the-death-of-35-residents-after-hurricane-ka.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
10. [ The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit rules that three insurers are not responsible for flood damage in New Orleans resulting from Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2007/08/2/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-rules-that-three-insurers-are-not-responsible-for-flood-damage-in-new-orleans-resu.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
