
Formats: [HTML](/news/2012/03/3/the-death-toll-from-a-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-reaches-at-least-36-with-casualties-reported-in-kentucky-indiana-alabama-georgia-and-oh.html)  [JSON](/news/2012/03/3/the-death-toll-from-a-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-reaches-at-least-36-with-casualties-reported-in-kentucky-indiana-alabama-georgia-and-oh.json)  [XML](/news/2012/03/3/the-death-toll-from-a-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-reaches-at-least-36-with-casualties-reported-in-kentucky-indiana-alabama-georgia-and-oh.xml)  

### [2012-03-3](/news/2012/03/3/index.md)

##### tornadoes
# The death toll from a tornado outbreak in the US reaches at least 36, with casualties reported in Kentucky, Indiana, Alabama, Georgia and Ohio. 

At least 28 people are killed in the US states of Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio, as storms and tornadoes sweep across vast parts of the Midwest.


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-17236495)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/03/03/us/severe-weather/index.html)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/03/us-usa-tornadoes-idUSTRE81S2AD20120303?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
3. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/58854000/jpg/_58854077_014151247-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Georgia, Kentucky, Ohio_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Indiana, Ohio_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Georgia_
4. [Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/seven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississippi-missouri-tennessee.md) _Context: Alabama, Kentucky_
5. [The death toll reaches 28 as flooding from weekend storms worsens in southern US towns and cities, including Nashville in Middle Tennessee, and parts of Kentucky, Alabama and Mississippi. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-death-toll-reaches-28-as-flooding-from-weekend-storms-worsens-in-southern-us-towns-and-cities-including-nashville-in-middle-tennessee.md) _Context: Alabama, Kentucky_
