### [2012-03-3](/news/2012/03/3/index.md)

# The United Nations demands that Syria allow in humanitarian aid after a Red Cross relief mission was denied access to Homs yesterday. 

A suicide bomber killed two people and wounded several others in the southern Syrian town of Deraa on Saturday, the Syrian state news agency Sana said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/un-presses-syria-to-accept-red-cross/story-e6frg6so-1226288152063)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/03/us-syria-explosion-idUSTRE82209G20120303?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Valerie Amos, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, visits the Baba Amr district in the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2012/03/7/valerie-amos-the-united-nations-under-secretary-general-for-humanitarian-affairs-and-emergency-relief-coordinator-visits-the-baba-amr-dist.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, United Nations_
2. [At least 39 people are killed across Syria, while the Red Cross states that it is still unable to deliver aid to the besieged Bab Amr neighborhood of Homs. ](/news/2012/03/6/at-least-39-people-are-killed-across-syria-while-the-red-cross-states-that-it-is-still-unable-to-deliver-aid-to-the-besieged-bab-amr-neighb.md) _Context: Homs, Red Cross, Syria_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
4. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
5. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
6. [Staffan de Mistura, U.N. envoy to Syria, says there has been "real but modest" progress in the country's humanitarian situation, despite the shaken ceasefire. Aid convoys have reached 560,000 people in hard-to-reach and besieged areas; six areas still remain off limits. Yesterday, the Syrian Arab Red Crescent medically evacuated 515 people from four communities--Zabadani, Madaya, Kfarya, and Foua--besieged by government and rebel groups. ](/news/2016/04/21/staffan-de-mistura-u-n-envoy-to-syria-says-there-has-been-real-but-modest-progress-in-the-country-s-humanitarian-situation-despite-the.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
7. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
8. [ A Russian Air Force Mi-28 attack helicopter crashes near the Syrian city of Homs, killing two pilots. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-russian-air-force-mi-28-attack-helicopter-crashes-near-the-syrian-city-of-homs-killing-two-pilots.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
9. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
10. [Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/twin-bomb-blasts-hit-the-syrian-city-of-homs-with-at-least-57-people-reportedly-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Homs, Syria_
