### [2011-01-30](/news/2011/01/30/index.md)

# A wildfire in the U.S. state of Oklahoma forces evacuations in Logan County and the closure of State Highway 105. 

Grass fires erupted in parts of Oklahoma on Saturday, damaging several homes and prompting evacuations in at least one county.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2011/01/29/oklahoma-firefighters-battle-grass-fires/#)
2. [ITN](http://itn.co.uk/45234fd4f6342fd349830e30dc764d85.html)
3. [Tulsa World](http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/article.aspx?subjectid=11&articleid=20110130_12_A11_Unseas752486)

### Related:

1. [Will Rogers World Airport in the U.S. state of Oklahoma is shut down over the discovery of a painted golden object with a hole in the bottom in the luggage of musician Wayne Coyne. The object is mistaken for a live grenade by frightened staff. ](/news/2012/11/21/will-rogers-world-airport-in-the-u-s-state-of-oklahoma-is-shut-down-over-the-discovery-of-a-painted-golden-object-with-a-hole-in-the-bottom.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, state_
2. [American Actor George S. Irving, best known for being one of the last members of the original production of ''Oklahoma!'' and voicing Heat Miser from ''The Year Without a Santa Claus'', dies at age 94. ](/news/2016/12/26/american-actor-george-s-irving-best-known-for-being-one-of-the-last-members-of-the-original-production-of-oklahoma-and-voicing-heat-m.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
3. [A magnitude 5.6 earthquake strikes Pawnee, Oklahoma, tying the record for the strongest in state history. At least one person was injured. ](/news/2016/09/3/a-magnitude-5-6-earthquake-strikes-pawnee-oklahoma-tying-the-record-for-the-strongest-in-state-history-at-least-one-person-was-injured.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
4. [ The Oklahoma legislature passes a bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions and revokes the medical license of assisting physicians. The governor then vetoes the bill. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-it-a-felony-for-doctors-to-perform-abortions-and-revokes-the-medical-license-of-assi.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
5. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
6. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
7. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
8. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
9. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No  damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
10. [In the United States, a swarm of 30  (''and counting'') earthquakes of magnitude 2.5 or greater struck Oklahoma from Wednesday evening through Thursday mid-afternoon. The biggest, a magnitude  4.8, happened yesterday at 10:27 p.m. CST, 32 kilometers (20 miles) northwest of Fairview, Oklahoma. ](/news/2016/01/7/in-the-united-states-a-swarm-of-30-and-counting-earthquakes-of-magnitude-2-5-or-greater-struck-oklahoma-from-wednesday-evening-throu.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
