### [2006-02-4](/news/2006/02/4/index.md)

#  Twenty-seven out of 35 countries on the IAEA's Board of Governors vote to refer the nuclear program of Iran to the United Nations Security Council out of concern over Iran's plans to enrich nuclear materials and to refuse IAEA inspection of the process. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4680294.stm)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
2. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, nuclear scientist_
3. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
4. [Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), urges Iran to grant IAEA inspectors immediate access to its contentious suspected nuclear facility in Parchin. ](/news/2012/09/10/yukiya-amano-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-urges-iran-to-grant-iaea-inspectors-immediate-access-to-its-content.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, nuclear scientist_
6. [The International Atomic Energy Agency releases a report on the Nuclear program of Iran, stating that Iran has doubled its number of centrifuges at the Fordow facility and highlighting concern over the nuclear program. ](/news/2012/08/30/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-releases-a-report-on-the-nuclear-program-of-iran-stating-that-iran-has-doubled-its-number-of-centrif.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
7. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report-is-based-on-empty-claims-and-that-iran-would-not.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
8. [The International Atomic Energy Agency releases a report that says that Iran has carried out activities relevant to the development of a nuclear device, and that the project may still be under way. ](/news/2011/11/8/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-releases-a-report-that-says-that-iran-has-carried-out-activities-relevant-to-the-development-of-a-nuc.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
9. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the-serious-concerns-raised-by-the-international-atomic.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, nuclear scientist_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency votes to report Syria to the United Nations Security Council over its alleged covert nuclear programme. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-votes-to-report-syria-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-its-alleged-covert-nuclear-programm.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, United Nations Security Council_
