### [2009-07-5](/news/2009/07/5/index.md)

#  First Minister of Northern Ireland Peter Robinson holds separate talks with both sides in the dispute over the Drumcree conflict. 

The annual Orange Order parade in Drumcree passed off peacefully, with the PSNI mounting the smallest operation in over a decade.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0705/drumcree.html)

### Related:

1. [Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. ](/news/2010/01/6/iris-robinson-the-wife-of-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-admits-having-previously-attempted-suicide-her-husband-peter-robinson-gives-a.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
2. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
3. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
4. [ Saint Patrick's Day:: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
5. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
6. [Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland, steps aside after the Democratic Unionist Party fails to get enough support to adjourn the assembly. ](/news/2015/09/10/peter-robinson-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-steps-aside-after-the-democratic-unionist-party-fails-to-get-enough-support-to-adjou.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
7. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
8. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
9. [The BBC's "Spotlight" programme reveals that Iris Robinson, former UK MP and wife of the First Minister of Northern Ireland, helped a 19 year old male who she was having a relationship with receive funding for a business project. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-bbc-s-spotlight-programme-reveals-that-iris-robinson-former-uk-mp-and-wife-of-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-helped-a-19-yea.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
10. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
