### [2010-10-29](/news/2010/10/29/index.md)

# At least nine Mexican police officers in the state of Jalisco are shot dead during an ambush with drug cartels, continuing a recent wave of violence connected to the Mexican Drug War. 

At least nine Mexican police officers are shot and killed in an ambush - the sixth multiple killing in Mexico in less than a week.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11648454)

### Related:

1. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: Mexican, states_
3. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
4. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
6. [ Hurricane Patricia makes landfall at Playa Perula in Mexico's western Jalisco state . The storm strengthens into a powerful Category 5 hurricane with winds of 200 mph and gusts up to 245 mph. The NHC has called the storm "potentially catastrophic" for Mexico. Patricia is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 12 inches, with isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches, through Saturday. These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides. ](/news/2015/10/23/hurricane-patricia-makes-landfall-at-playa-perula-in-mexico-s-western-jalisco-state-the-storm-strengthens-into-a-powerful-category-5-hurr.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexican_
7. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
8. [Three Mexican Army soldiers die as gunfire downs a helicopter in the state of Jalisco. Ten soldiers and two Federal Police officers are injured. ](/news/2015/05/1/three-mexican-army-soldiers-die-as-gunfire-downs-a-helicopter-in-the-state-of-jalisco-ten-soldiers-and-two-federal-police-officers-are-inju.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexican Drug War_
9. [An ambush on Mexican police in Ocotlan, Jalisco state kills ten with none of the gunmen apprehended. ](/news/2015/03/20/an-ambush-on-mexican-police-in-ocotlan-jalisco-state-kills-ten-with-none-of-the-gunmen-apprehended.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexican_
10. [Mexican Army soldiers kill 22 criminals in a shootout at a warehouse in the town of Tlatlaya in central Mexico. ](/news/2014/06/30/mexican-army-soldiers-kill-22-criminals-in-a-shootout-at-a-warehouse-in-the-town-of-tlatlaya-in-central-mexico.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
