### [2010-10-29](/news/2010/10/29/index.md)

# At least one Islamist militant from the banned Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan is killed in an operation in Tajikistan. 




### Source:

1. [Interfax](http://www.interfax-religion.com/?act=news&div=7858)

### Related:

1. [ Seven alleged members of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, an organization affiliated with Al-Qaeda, are on trial in Tajikistan. ](/news/2007/02/8/seven-alleged-members-of-the-islamic-movement-of-uzbekistan-an-organization-affiliated-with-al-qaeda-are-on-trial-in-tajikistan.md) _Context: Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, Tajikistan_
2. [ An alleged member of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan killed himself and a police officer with a hand grenade in Tajikistan's northern Sughd Region ](/news/2006/08/3/an-alleged-member-of-the-islamic-movement-of-uzbekistan-killed-himself-and-a-police-officer-with-a-hand-grenade-in-tajikistan-s-northern-su.md) _Context: Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, Tajikistan_
3. [Several avalanches in Gorno-Badakhshan, Tajikistan, caused by heavy snowfall over the weekend, leave at least seven people dead. ](/news/2017/01/30/several-avalanches-in-gorno-badakhshan-tajikistan-caused-by-heavy-snowfall-over-the-weekend-leave-at-least-seven-people-dead.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
4. [November 2016 Butig clash. Almost 2,000 families are displaced in Mindanao region of the Philippines due to clashes between government forces and Islamist militants. ](/news/2016/11/29/november-2016-butig-clash-almost-2-000-families-are-displaced-in-mindanao-region-of-the-philippines-due-to-clashes-between-government-force.md) _Context: Islamist_
5. [ Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 2016. The Tajikistani constitutional referendum results in the removal of term limits of incumbent President Emomali Rahmon. ](/news/2016/05/23/tajikistani-constitutional-referendum-2016-the-tajikistani-constitutional-referendum-results-in-the-removal-of-term-limits-of-incumbent-p.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
6. [Tajikistani constitutional referendum, 2016. Voters in Tajikistan go to the polls for a referendum to make various amendments to the constitution which include, among other things, the elimination of term limits to allow President Emomali Rahmon and only him to run again for office and lowering the presidential age limit from 35 to 30, which observers believe will position Rahmon's son Rustam Emomali for future succession. ](/news/2016/05/22/tajikistani-constitutional-referendum-2016-voters-in-tajikistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-to-make-various-amendments-to-the-constit.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
7. [Local Tajikistan police have shaved nearly 13,000 men's beards, closed more than 150 shops selling traditional Muslim clothing, and convinced around 1,800 women and girls to stop wearing headscarves in 2015 as part of a campaign to eradicate foreign influences in the former Soviet Republic. ](/news/2016/01/21/local-tajikistan-police-have-shaved-nearly-13-000-men-s-beards-closed-more-than-150-shops-selling-traditional-muslim-clothing-and-convince.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
8. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
9. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
10. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Tajikistan_
