### [2013-04-8](/news/2013/04/8/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. 

North Korea may be preparing for a fourth nuclear test, with stepped up activity detected at its main test site, a senior South Korean government official said according to a report Monday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22061377)
2. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/activity-at-n-korea/630600.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22065348)
4. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323550604578410010892971052.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-ko.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, government of South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-as.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
4. [South Korea says it will resume cross-border propaganda broadcasts and limit entry to the Kaesong Industrial Region in response to yesterday's nuclear test at the North's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea considers the propaganda broadcasts to be "an act of war". ](/news/2016/01/7/south-korea-says-it-will-resume-cross-border-propaganda-broadcasts-and-limit-entry-to-the-kaesong-industrial-region-in-response-to-yesterday.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, South Korea_
5. [North Korea may be preparing for an imminent thermonuclear weapon test at its Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, located in the country's North Hamgyong Province where previous tests took place in 2006, 2009 and 2013, according to a South Korean military report. ](/news/2016/01/3/north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-an-imminent-thermonuclear-weapon-test-at-its-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-located-in-the-country-s-north-h.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, South Korea_
6. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [2013 Korean crisis: North and South Korea agree to reopen the jointly-operated Kaesong Industrial Region. ](/news/2013/08/14/2013-korean-crisis-north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reopen-the-jointly-operated-kaesong-industrial-region.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea deploys two warships with Aegis missile-defense systems as a precautionary measure, following reports that North Korea had repositioned intermediate-range ballistic missiles to its east coast a day earlier. ](/news/2013/04/5/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-deploys-two-warships-with-aegis-missile-defense-systems-as-a-precautionary-measure-following-reports-that-n.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea blocks a delegation of South Korean businessmen from delivering food and supplies to 200 of their staff inside the closed Kaesong joint industrial zone. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-blocks-a-delegation-of-south-korean-businessmen-from-delivering-food-and-supplies-to-200-of-their-staff-insi.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea_
