### [2013-04-8](/news/2013/04/8/index.md)

# Lindsay Sandiford loses her appeal against the death penalty in Indonesia for a charge of drug smuggling. 

Briton Lindsay Sandiford loses her appeal against her death sentence in Bali for drug trafficking, a Bali High Court spokesman says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22061670)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, death penalty_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, death penalty_
3. [A British woman, Lindsay Sandiford is sentenced to death by a court in Indonesia following a conviction for drug trafficking. ](/news/2013/01/22/a-british-woman-lindsay-sandiford-is-sentenced-to-death-by-a-court-in-indonesia-following-a-conviction-for-drug-trafficking.md) _Context: Indonesia, Lindsay Sandiford_
4. [Indonesia drops some of the key terrorism charges against radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, meaning that it is unlikely that he will receive the death penalty. ](/news/2011/05/9/indonesia-drops-some-of-the-key-terrorism-charges-against-radical-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-meaning-that-it-is-unlikely-that-he-will-receive.md) _Context: Indonesia, death penalty_
5. [ The trial of Schapelle Corby, an Australian facing drug smuggling charges in Indonesia, is adjourned after she collapses in the Bali courtroom. ](/news/2005/04/14/the-trial-of-schapelle-corby-an-australian-facing-drug-smuggling-charges-in-indonesia-is-adjourned-after-she-collapses-in-the-bali-courtr.md) _Context: Indonesia, drug smuggling_
6. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
