### [2013-04-8](/news/2013/04/8/index.md)

# South Yemen insurgency:: 4 army deserters and 3 tribesmen are killed in clashes in Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen. 

Seven people were killed in clashes between army deserters and tribesmen in south Yemen on Monday, officials and residents said, in another sign of disorder in a country of multiple conflicts next to oil export giant Saudi Arabia.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/08/us-yemen-violence-idUSBRE9370ZX20130408)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yakla raid: A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: An Arab coalition airstrike on a prison in Yemen's central Al Bayda Governorate, reportedly kills 20 prisoners. The prison which held more than 100 prisoners was controlled by the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/11/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-arab-coalition-airstrike-on-a-prison-in-yemen-s-central-al-bayda-governorate-reportedly-kills-2.md) _Context: Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen_
3. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: A US drone strike kills five Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operatives including Shawki al-Badani and Nabil al-Dahab, leader of Ansar al-Sharia in Yemen's Al Bayda Governorate. ](/news/2014/11/5/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-a-us-drone-strike-kills-five-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-operatives-including-shawki-al-badani-and-nabil.md) _Context: Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen_
4. [Yemen: Houthi rebellion: Fighting between Houthi rebels and Ansar al-Sharia-backed Sunni tribes have left at least 33 dead in Al Bayda' Governorate. ](/news/2014/11/12/yemen-houthi-rebellion-fighting-between-houthi-rebels-and-ansar-al-sharia-backed-sunni-tribes-have-left-at-least-33-dead-in-al-bayda-gove.md) _Context: Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen_
5. [South Yemen insurgency:: 15 soldiers are killed and four wounded by suspected al Qaeda militants in an attack on an army checkpoint in southeastern Yemen. ](/news/2014/01/31/south-yemen-insurgency-15-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-wounded-by-suspected-al-qaeda-militants-in-an-attack-on-an-army-checkpoint-in-south.md) _Context: South Yemen insurgency, Yemen_
6. [An air strike intended to target an al Qaeda convoy in Al-Bayda province in central Yemen mistakenly attacks a wedding procession, killing 15 civilians. ](/news/2013/12/12/an-air-strike-intended-to-target-an-al-qaeda-convoy-in-al-bayda-province-in-central-yemen-mistakenly-attacks-a-wedding-procession-killing-1.md) _Context: Al Bayda Governorate, Yemen_
7. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Migrant crisis: At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [Migrant crisis: The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/migrant-crisis-the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have.md) _Context: Yemen_
