### [2013-04-8](/news/2013/04/8/index.md)

# Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. 

The website Wikileaks publishes more than 1.7 million US diplomatic and intelligence reports from the 1970s, including first impressions of eventual British PM Margaret Thatcher.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-22062317)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2305437/Julian-Assange-WikiLeaks-release-1-7m-US-diplomatic-intelligence-reports.html)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
2. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-holds-a-meeting-with-leaders-of-farc-in-a-sign-of-encouragement-in-ending-colombia-s-half-century-old-con.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
5. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
6. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says that the United States will accept 85,000 refugees from the world in 2016, up from this year's 70,000 refugees, and will increase to 100,000 refugees in 2017. ](/news/2015/09/20/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-that-the-united-states-will-accept-85-000-refugees-from-the-world-in-2016-up-from-this-year-s-70-00.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
9. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: United States, United States Secretary of State_
