### [2011-05-16](/news/2011/05/16/index.md)

# Businessman Donald Trump announces he will not seek the Republican nomination for the 2012 United States presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0511/55052.html)

### Related:

1. [Herman Cain announces that he will suspend his campaign for Republican nomination in the United States presidential election following a series of sexual harassment and other misconduct allegations. ](/news/2011/12/3/herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-suspend-his-campaign-for-republican-nomination-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-following-a-ser.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
2. [At a Republican party presidential primary debate, US Presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich say they would go to war to stop Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. ](/news/2011/11/12/at-a-republican-party-presidential-primary-debate-us-presidential-candidates-mitt-romney-and-newt-gingrich-say-they-would-go-to-war-to-stop.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
3. [Republican Party candidates for the nomination in the 2012 United States presidential election hold their first debate in Greenville, South Carolina. ](/news/2011/05/5/republican-party-candidates-for-the-nomination-in-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-hold-their-first-debate-in-greenville-south.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
4. [U.S. businessman Herman Cain announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party nomination in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2011/05/21/u-s-businessman-herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-nomination-in-the-2012-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
5. [Former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee announces he will not seek the Republican nomination for the 2012 United States presidential election. ](/news/2011/05/14/former-governor-of-arkansas-mike-huckabee-announces-he-will-not-seek-the-republican-nomination-for-the-2012-united-states-presidential-elect.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
6. [In response to persistent accusations by potential Republican primary candidate Donald Trump and others, President of the United States Barack Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, certifying his birth in the state of Hawaii. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-response-to-persistent-accusations-by-potential-republican-primary-candidate-donald-trump-and-others-president-of-the-united-states-bara.md) _Context: Donald Trump, nomination_
7. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States presidential election, 2012_
8. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-americaas-adversaries-through-sanctions-act-prime-minister-of-russia-dmi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
