### [2011-05-16](/news/2011/05/16/index.md)

# NASA's Space Shuttle "Endeavour" successfully launches from the Kennedy Space Center in the U.S. state of Florida on its final mission. 

NASA launched the space shuttle Endeavour on its last flight, the STS-134 mission to the International Space Station, led by astronaut Mark Kelly. It was the second-to-last space shuttle launch for NASA.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Atlanta Journal-Constitution](http://www.ajc.com/news/nation-world/nasa-clears-space-shuttle-945979.html)
2. [Space.com](http://www.space.com/11677-nasa-shuttle-launch-endeavour-final-mission-sts-134-liftoff.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://img.purch.com/h/1000/aHR0cDovL3d3dy5zcGFjZS5jb20vaW1hZ2VzL2kvMDAwLzAwOS82MjUvb3JpZ2luYWwvZW5kZWF2b3VyLXN0czEzNC1sYXVuY2guanBn)

### Related:

1. [NASA reschedules the final mission of the Space Shuttle Endeavour for Monday. ](/news/2011/05/9/nasa-reschedules-the-final-mission-of-the-space-shuttle-endeavour-for-monday.md) _Context: NASA, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'', final mission_
2. [NASA astronaut Mark Kelly, the husband of Rep Gabrielle Giffords shot last month, announces that he will resume training to command the Space Shuttle Endeavour's final mission STS-134 in April. ](/news/2011/02/4/nasa-astronaut-mark-kelly-the-husband-of-rep-gabrielle-giffords-shot-last-month-announces-that-he-will-resume-training-to-command-the-spac.md) _Context: NASA, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'', final mission_
3. [ Ares I-X, the first test article for NASA's Ares I rocket, launches successfully from Launch Complex 39B at Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a sub-orbital test flight. ](/news/2009/10/28/ares-i-x-the-first-test-article-for-nasa-s-ares-i-rocket-launches-successfully-from-launch-complex-39b-at-kennedy-space-center-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center, NASA_
4. [ Space Shuttle "Endeavour" lands at Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, United States, ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2009/07/31/space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-kennedy-space-centre-in-florida-united-states-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-space-stati.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
5. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
6. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida, Kennedy Space Center_
7. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
8. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
9. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
10. [Parents in Polk County in the U.S. state of Florida protest against their children having their irises scanned by authorities without permission by schools. The EyeSwipe-Nano program is temporarily suspended. ](/news/2013/05/30/parents-in-polk-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-protest-against-their-children-having-their-irises-scanned-by-authorities-without-permis.md) _Context: Florida, U.S. state_
