### [2011-05-16](/news/2011/05/16/index.md)

# The Israeli Navy fires warning shots at a Malaysian ship travelling to the Gaza Strip, forcing it to return to Egypt. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jMxz7Pz0Q-2aQVPr4GxyI4koZlIg?docId=CNG.9e1e52d9d3d6972fd546da3bb159cbc6.ad1)

### Related:

1. [A ship bound from Libya, the ''Al-Amal'', due to deliver humanitarian aid from Algeria, Morocco and  Nigeria to the Gaza Strip, changes course for Egypt after being warned to stay away by the Israeli Navy and receiving pressure from the United States to "act responsibly". ](/news/2010/07/13/a-ship-bound-from-libya-the-al-amal-due-to-deliver-humanitarian-aid-from-algeria-morocco-and-nigeria-to-the-gaza-strip-changes-cour.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israeli Navy_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Malaysia_
3. [An airstrike hits a tunnel in the Gaza Strip near the Egyptian border, killing at least two people and injuring five more. It is unclear who launched the airstrike. ](/news/2017/02/9/an-airstrike-hits-a-tunnel-in-the-gaza-strip-near-the-egyptian-border-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-five-more-it-is-unclear-who.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
4. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
5. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Malaysia_
6. [Egypt opens its border with the Gaza Strip temporarily for the first time in months. Egypt blames Hamas for the Sinai insurgency. ](/news/2015/06/13/egypt-opens-its-border-with-the-gaza-strip-temporarily-for-the-first-time-in-months-egypt-blames-hamas-for-the-sinai-insurgency.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
7. [Egypt temporarily reopens its border crossing with Gaza, which had been closed since October, until 4 pm Monday. ](/news/2014/12/21/egypt-temporarily-reopens-its-border-crossing-with-gaza-which-had-been-closed-since-october-until-4-pm-monday.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
8. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
9. [Israeli ground forces will leave the Gaza Strip ahead of an Egyptian mediated ceasefire starting at 0500 GMT today. ](/news/2014/08/5/israeli-ground-forces-will-leave-the-gaza-strip-ahead-of-an-egyptian-mediated-ceasefire-starting-at-0500-gmt-today.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
10. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:On the 50th day of the conflict, an internationally supported long-term truce is reached where the borders of Gaza, Egypt, and Israel are opened for humanitarian and reconstruction supplies and the Gaza fishing zone is extended to 6 km.  Other issues such as an airport/seaport and the Israeli demand for demilitarization will be negotiated within a month. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-israelagaza-conflict-pon-the-50th-day-of-the-conflict-an-internationally-supported-long-term-truce-is-reached-where-the-borders-of-g.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip_
