### [2011-05-16](/news/2011/05/16/index.md)

# The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in the Vatican tells Roman Catholics to cooperate with police in investigating alleged cases of sexual abuse by clergy. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_VATICAN_CHURCH_ABUSE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2011-05-16-06-05-41)

### Related:

1. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez orders a review of Venezuela's ties with the Vatican following tensions between the government and Roman Catholic bishops. ](/news/2010/07/15/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-orders-a-review-of-venezuela-s-ties-with-the-vatican-following-tensions-between-the-government-and-roman.md) _Context: Holy See, Roman Catholic_
2. [ A statement, issued by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and signed by Pope John Paul&nbsp;II, declared that all Roman Catholic politicians must adhere to church teachings, and that they cannot be faithful to the Church if they vote against Church positions on such issues as abortion.](/news/2003/01/15/a-statement-issued-by-the-congregation-for-the-doctrine-of-the-faith-and-signed-by-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-declared-that-all-roman-catholi.md) _Context: Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Roman Catholic_
3. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Holy See_
4. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Holy See_
5. [Pope Francis issues "Amoris Laetitia" or the Joy of Love, a document on the Roman Catholic approach to love, sex, marriage and family life. ](/news/2016/04/8/pope-francis-issues-amoris-laetitia-or-the-joy-of-love-a-document-on-the-roman-catholic-approach-to-love-sex-marriage-and-family-life.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
6. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers' audit of its finances over questions whether proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move exposes the rift between the church's old guard and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church's commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-december.md) _Context: Holy See_
7. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Holy See_
8. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Holy See_
9. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Holy See_
10. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Holy See_
