### [2011-05-16](/news/2011/05/16/index.md)

# The International Monetary Fund approves another US$2 billion loan to Ireland. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/16/imf-ireland-idUSN1630342720110516)

### Related:

1. [Ireland's parliament approved a controversial budget package at the behest of the International Monetary Fund, aimed at shoring up Ireland's banks while getting the country's budget deficit within European Union limits. ](/news/2010/12/14/ireland-s-parliament-approved-a-controversial-budget-package-at-the-behest-of-the-international-monetary-fund-aimed-at-shoring-up-ireland-s.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, Ireland_
2. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor. The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
3. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [Mongolia's economy. An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/mongolia-s-economy-an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-inter.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [United Ireland. Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/united-ireland-taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
