### [2006-03-6](/news/2006/03/6/index.md)

#  Israeli aircraft fire rockets at a car in Gaza, killing two Islamic Jihad members and three innocent bystanders as well as wounding seven other people, mostly children. Commander-in-Chief of the Israel Air Force, Maj.-Gen. Eliezer Shkedy said: "We are doing everything we can possibly think of to prevent innocent people from being harmed, but this is a war and nothing is certain." 




### Source:

1. [JPost](http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1139395554481&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
2. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
3. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
4. [In response to militants firing rockets into southern Israel, the Israel Air Force launches two raids on the southern Gaza Strip; one Palestinian is wounded. ](/news/2010/11/6/in-response-to-militants-firing-rockets-into-southern-israel-the-israel-air-force-launches-two-raids-on-the-southern-gaza-strip-one-palest.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
5. [Responding to Palestinians firing phosphorus shells and mortars into Israel,  the Israel Air Force bombs at least two targets in the Gaza Strip and will file a complaint with the UN. The Salah al-Din Brigades claim responsibility, saying the rockets were responding to the killing of two members of the al-Qaida affiliated Army of Islam in Gaza. ](/news/2010/11/19/responding-to-palestinians-firing-phosphorus-shells-and-mortars-into-israel-the-israel-air-force-bombs-at-least-two-targets-in-the-gaza-st.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pin-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overni.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force_
7. [ Two Israeli missiles fired from an aircraft hit a van carrying a Palestinian rocket-launching squad in Gaza with Grad 122 mm rockets. Two Islamic Jihad militants and seven civilians are killed, including two schoolchildren and three medical personnel. Israeli Defense minister expresses sorrow, but no apology. ](/news/2006/06/13/two-israeli-missiles-fired-from-an-aircraft-hit-a-van-carrying-a-palestinian-rocket-launching-squad-in-gaza-with-grad-122-mm-rockets-two-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad, Israel_
8. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
