### [2006-03-6](/news/2006/03/6/index.md)

#  M. Michael Rounds, governor of the U.S. State of South Dakota, signs an abortion ban that conflicts with the United States Supreme Court's landmark 1973 ''Roe v. Wade'' decision. 

Gov. Mike Rounds signed a bill Monday banning almost all abortions in South Dakota, a move designed to directly challenge Roe v. Wade.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/11699703)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD) undergoes surgery after suffering a brain hemorrhage due to an arteriovenous malformation. If he is incapacitated, the Republican Party Governor of South Dakota, Mike Rounds, will be able to appoint his replacement, potentially changing the balance of the Senate. ](/news/2006/12/14/u-s-senator-tim-johnson-d-sd-undergoes-surgery-after-suffering-a-brain-hemorrhage-due-to-an-arteriovenous-malformation-if-he-is-incapac.md) _Context: Mike Rounds, South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
2. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
3. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of the US state of South Dakota, warns residents living south of the state capital of Pierre to prepare evacuation plans ahead of likely flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/05/29/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-south-dakota-warns-residents-living-south-of-the-state-capital-of-pierre-to-prepare-evacua.md) _Context: South Dakota, South Dakota Governor_
4. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors.  Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1.  ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would  have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. ](/news/2016/03/1/in-the-united-states-south-dakota-governor-dennis-daugaard-vetoes-house-bill-1008-that-would-have-required-transgender-students-to-use-bat.md) _Context: South Dakota Governor_
7. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in ''Montgomery v. Louisiana'' (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under ''Miller v. Alabama'' (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-c.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [''Obergefell v. Hodges'':In a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court declares state bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional and effectively legalizes it across the United States. ](/news/2015/06/26/obergefell-v-hodges-pin-a-5-4-decision-the-united-states-supreme-court-declares-state-bans-on-same-sex-marriage-unconstitutional-and-e.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: South Dakota_
10. [The legality of private gambling is taken before the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/the-legality-of-private-gambling-is-taken-before-the-united-states-supreme-court.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
