### [2006-03-6](/news/2006/03/6/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom government is defeated in the House of Lords over a plan to make biometric ID cards compulsory for passport applicants. The government is to seek to overturn the defeat in the House of Commons, and has suggested that it might invoke the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949. 

Government plans to make possession of a national identity card mandatory for passport applicants were overturned Monday by the British House of Lords.


### Source:

1. [United Press International](http://www.upi.com/InternationalIntelligence/view.php?StoryID=20060306-015335-5102r)

### Related:

1. [ Reform of the House of Lords: In a British House of Commons vote, a majority of MPs express support for a fully elected House of Lords. A smaller majority support an 80% elected, 20% appointed chamber. Other options with a lower elected component are rejected. The proposals were put forward by Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw, who describes the votes as "a historic step forward". ](/news/2007/03/7/reform-of-the-house-of-lords-in-a-british-house-of-commons-vote-a-majority-of-mps-express-support-for-a-fully-elected-house-of-lords-a-s.md) _Context: British House of Commons, House of Lords_
2. [ The UK House of Commons invokes the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 for only the seventh time (since 1911). The Act was used to push through a bill which bans ](/news/2004/11/18/the-uk-house-of-commons-invokes-the-parliament-acts-1911-and-1949-for-only-the-seventh-time-since-1911-the-act-was-used-to-push-through.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949_
3. [ The United Kingdom's House of Lords votes to send the Constitutional Reform Bill, which will abolish the office of Lord Chancellor, create a new Supreme Court, and create a Judicial Appointments Commission, to a select committee for scrutiny, defeating the government. Government MPs claim this is a "wrecking" move, and threaten to use the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 to force the measure through. ](/news/2004/03/8/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-lords-votes-to-send-the-constitutional-reform-bill-which-will-abolish-the-office-of-lord-chancellor-create.md) _Context: House of Lords, Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949_
4. [ United Kingdom parliament: MPs in the British House of Commons have voted to reject all seven options presented for the reform of the House of Lords.](/news/2003/02/4/united-kingdom-parliament-mps-in-the-british-house-of-commons-have-voted-to-reject-all-seven-options-presented-for-the-reform-of-the-house.md) _Context: British House of Commons, House of Lords_
5. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
6. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
7. [John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. ](/news/2015/07/26/john-sewel-baron-sewel-steps-down-from-his-position-as-chairman-of-committees-in-the-house-of-lords-following-a-drug-scandal.md) _Context: House of Lords_
8. [The newly elected British House of Commons commences its session with the State Opening of Parliament ceremony in which the Queen's Speech is delivered. ](/news/2015/05/27/the-newly-elected-british-house-of-commons-commences-its-session-with-the-state-opening-of-parliament-ceremony-in-which-the-queen-s-speech-i.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
9. [The British Parliament's House of Lords gives final approval to a bill that earlier in February had been approved in the House of Commons, refusing to block the plan by a majority of 232, that would allow, through a modified form of in vitro fertilization (IVF), the creation of three-person babies, to treat certain mitochondrial disorders (mitochondria are parts of cells that convert nutrients into useful cellular energy to fuel vital processes), by using a very small segment of mitochondrial DNA from another woman to replace the mother's defective DNA; the U.K. is the first to authorize the still ethically controversial procedure. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-british-parliament-s-house-of-lords-gives-final-approval-to-a-bill-that-earlier-in-february-had-been-approved-in-the-house-of-commons-r.md) _Context: House of Lords_
10. [Nigel Evans resigns as Deputy Speaker of the British House of Commons after being charged with eight sexual offences. ](/news/2013/09/10/nigel-evans-resigns-as-deputy-speaker-of-the-british-house-of-commons-after-being-charged-with-eight-sexual-offences.md) _Context: British House of Commons_
