### [2003-08-13](/news/2003/08/13/index.md)

#  Disgraced Irish former Taoiseach Charles Haughey sells his historic home and estate, "Kinsealy", in north Dublin to a property developer for 35 million euro. The former taoiseach, whose financial dealings and tax-evasion is the subject of a judicial inquiry and which have largely destroyed his reputation, bought the palatial mansion for GBP120,000 in the 1960s. Haughey, who is suffering from terminal prostate cancer, will not be allowed to remain in the house as a sitting tenant for the rest of his life, a demand of his which scuppered past attempts to sell.




### Related:

1. [Former Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of the Republic of Ireland Garret FitzGerald dies in Dublin aged 85. ](/news/2011/05/19/former-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-the-republic-of-ireland-garret-fitzgerald-dies-in-dublin-aged-85.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces he is to make a "significant" statement on his leadership of the ruling Fianna Fail party in Dublin at 14:00, to be broadcast on television and radio. ](/news/2011/01/22/taoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-he-is-to-make-a-significant-statement-on-his-leadership-of-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il-party-in-dublin-at-14-0.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
3. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen wins a vote of confidence in his leadership, a secret ballot held at a meeting of the Fianna Fail parliamentary party in Dublin. ](/news/2011/01/18/taoiseach-brian-cowen-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-leadership-a-secret-ballot-held-at-a-meeting-of-the-fianna-fa-il-parliamentary-party.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
4. [Newly released papers show more than EUR130,000 of public money was used to wine and dine visiting dignitaries to Ireland while then Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey warned on television that the country was "living away beyond our means". ](/news/2010/12/30/newly-released-papers-show-more-than-a-130-000-of-public-money-was-used-to-wine-and-dine-visiting-dignitaries-to-ireland-while-then-irish-p.md) _Context: Charles Haughey, Taoiseach_
5. [The Aviva Stadium, Ireland's new national stadium, is officially opened by Taoiseach Brian Cowen in Dublin. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-aviva-stadium-ireland-s-new-national-stadium-is-officially-opened-by-taoiseach-brian-cowen-in-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
6. [ In Dublin, Irish military forces parade for the first time since 1970 in commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising. Taoiseach Bertie Ahern lays a wreath at Kilmainham Jail, where most of the rebel leaders were subsequently shot, in memory of the civilian and military dead of both sides. ](/news/2006/04/16/in-dublin-irish-military-forces-parade-for-the-first-time-since-1970-in-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-la.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
7. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Dublin_
8. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Dublin_
9. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Taoiseach_
10. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Taoiseach_
