### [2003-08-13](/news/2003/08/13/index.md)

#  Ivan Jovovic and Bogdan Bukomiric, both 16 years old, from Gorazdevac near Pec die after two attackers fired AK-47s on a group of children from Gorazdevac who were bathing in the river Bistrica. Four children were injured in the attack, two of which are in critical condition. UNMIK and KFOR claimed that they transferred one of them, Marko Bogicevic, to Belgrade, but he is actually in a German military hospital at Prizren, against his parents' wishes. An Italian KFOR patrol refused to lend fuel for the car which was transporting wounded children to hospital in Pec, when it ran out of fuel, and took no action when car was stoned by local Albanians. After finally arriving at Pec, doctors there refused to treat the children. KFOR claims that it is researching the location of the incident with 300 men.date=February 2010




### Related:

1. [ Unrest in Kosovo: NATO announces that it will reinforce its Kosovo Force, following ethnic unrest there that has killed at least 31 people over the past two days. More Serbian Orthodox Churches have been set ablaze by Albanians and violence has continued in and around Kosovo Serb enclaves. Russia and Serbia and Montenegro call for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. United Nations officials attempt to restore order in the province and blame the unrest on nationalist extremists on both sides. More demonstrations have taken place across Serbia, so far without the violence seen the previous day. ](/news/2004/03/18/unrest-in-kosovo-nato-announces-that-it-will-reinforce-its-kosovo-force-following-ethnic-unrest-there-that-has-killed-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Albanians, Kosovo Force, UNMIK_
2. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Albanians, Belgrade, UNMIK_
3. [ UNMIK and NATO KFOR forces clashed with Serb protesters in North Kosovo resulting in over 150 wounded after arresting Serb lawyers and court officials who had taken control of a UN court. The clashes are part of ongoing unrest following Kosovo's declaration of independence. ](/news/2008/03/17/unmik-and-nato-kfor-forces-clashed-with-serb-protesters-in-north-kosovo-resulting-in-over-150-wounded-after-arresting-serb-lawyers-and-cour.md) _Context: Kosovo Force, UNMIK_
4. [ Terrorists again fired on children in Gorazdevac, near Pec, this time while they were in the center of the village. No children were injured in this incident, just four days since the last.](/news/2003/08/17/terrorists-again-fired-on-children-in-goraa3-4devac-near-pec-this-time-while-they-were-in-the-center-of-the-village-no-children-were-injur.md) _Context: Gorazdevac, Pec_
5. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Belgrade_
6. [Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-protesters-accuse-prime-minister-aleksa.md) _Context: Belgrade_
7. [A man detonates a grenade inside a bakery in Belgrade, Serbia, killing himself. No other casualties were reported. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-man-detonates-a-grenade-inside-a-bakery-in-belgrade-serbia-killing-himself-no-other-casualties-were-reported.md) _Context: Belgrade_
8. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio JoGBPo Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joagbpo-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dea.md) _Context: AK-47s_
9. [A Serbian military Russian-made MI-17 transport helicopter crashes near Belgrade's international airport in foggy weather while evacuating a sick 5-day-old baby with life-threatening respiratory problems from the south of the country, killing all seven people on board. ](/news/2015/03/13/a-serbian-military-russian-made-mi-17-transport-helicopter-crashes-near-belgrade-s-international-airport-in-foggy-weather-while-evacuating-a.md) _Context: Belgrade_
10. [The Russian designer of the AK-47 assault rifle, Mikhail Kalashnikov, dies at the age of 94. ](/news/2013/12/23/the-russian-designer-of-the-ak-47-assault-rifle-mikhail-kalashnikov-dies-at-the-age-of-94.md) _Context: AK-47s_
