### [2003-08-13](/news/2003/08/13/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: At its convention in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, the United Church of Canada votes overwhelmingly to ask the federal government to allow same-sex marriage.




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.](/news/2004/03/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-quebec-court-of-appeal-upholds-a-quebec-superior-court-ruling-that-same-sex-marriages-are-valid-under-cana.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A House of Commons motion brought by the Canadian Alliance reiterating the heterosexual definition of marriage is narrowly defeated. This motion is preparatory to the government's introduction of a bill to extend the Federal marriage law to include same-sex couples, expected within the next few months.](/news/2003/09/16/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-house-of-commons-motion-brought-by-the-canadian-alliance-reiterating-the-heterosexual-definition-of-marriage.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ The Rev. Peter Short is elected Moderator of the United Church of Canada, the country's largest Protestant denomination, in Wolfville, Nova Scotia.](/news/2003/08/12/the-rev-peter-short-is-elected-moderator-of-the-united-church-of-canada-the-country-s-largest-protestant-denomination-in-wolfville-nova.md) _Context: United Church of Canada, Wolfville, Nova Scotia_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
7. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
8. [A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
9. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition-for-a-parliamentary-vote.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
