### [2016-08-9](/news/2016/08/9/index.md)

# A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. 

At least three people have died in Funchal, the capital of the Portuguese holiday island of Madeira, as wildfires rage there and on the mainland.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37030217)

### Related:

1. [A small Swiss-owned plane crashes in the Portuguese village of Tires, west of Lisbon, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-small-swiss-owned-plane-crashes-in-the-portuguese-village-of-tires-west-of-lisbon-killing-at-least-five-people.md) _Context: Portuguese_
2. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Portuguese_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Portuguese_
4. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires  At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-pat-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-do.md) _Context: wildfire_
5. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire  in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area  are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-00.md) _Context: wildfire_
6. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: wildfire_
7. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: wildfire_
9. [One person is brain dead and five people are critically ill in Rennes, France, from a clinical trial of an experimental drug made by Portuguese drug company Bial. The six men, aged 28 to 49, had been in good health prior to the start of this test. All trials on the drug are suspended.  ](/news/2016/01/15/one-person-is-brain-dead-and-five-people-are-critically-ill-in-rennes-france-from-a-clinical-trial-of-an-experimental-drug-made-by-portugu.md) _Context: Portuguese_
10. [A bushfire in Victoria state  has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek.  The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River.  A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley.  No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-homes-in-wye-river-and-18-at-separatio.md) _Context: wildfire_
