### [2016-08-9](/news/2016/08/9/index.md)

# Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/142510-duterte-sereno-declare-martial-law)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/us-concerned-about-extrajudicial-killings-in-philippines/2016/08/09/f42853cc-5e09-11e6-84c1-6d27287896b5_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
2. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippine Drug War: A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine Drug War: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine Drug War: The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/philippine-drug-war-the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-presiden.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/philippine-drug-war-the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-co.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Human Rights Day: In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/human-rights-day-in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-phili.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte says that the Sinaloa cartel and the Chinese triad are active in the Philippine narcotic trade. ](/news/2016/08/4/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-that-the-sinaloa-cartel-and-the-chinese-triad-are-active-in-the-philippine-narcotic-trade.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-inte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
