### [2016-08-9](/news/2016/08/9/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant threatens to attack the Miss Universe 2016 pageant if it were to be held in the Philippines. 

Islamic State jihadis in the Philippines are plotting to attack the Miss Universe contest that will be held in their country in 2017, according to a secret jihadi social media channel accessed by The Foreign Desk.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/08/08/isis-philippines-branch-calls-for-attacks-on-miss-universe-pageant.html)

### Related:

1. [Miss Universe 2016. Iris Mittenaere, winner of Miss France 2016, is crowned as the winner of Miss Universe 2016 at a ceremony in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/01/30/miss-universe-2016-iris-mittenaere-winner-of-miss-france-2016-is-crowned-as-the-winner-of-miss-universe-2016-at-a-ceremony-in-the-philipp.md) _Context: Miss Universe 2016, Philippines_
2. [Moro conflict. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants break free supporters from a Marawi jail in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/08/28/moro-conflict-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-break-free-supporters-from-a-marawi-jail-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Philippines_
3. [Moro conflict. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant declares war on the Philippines. ](/news/2016/06/22/moro-conflict-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-declares-war-on-the-philippines.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Philippines_
4. [Moro Conflict. Operation Enduring Freedom - Philippines. Philippine security forces kill as many as 42 ISIL-linked militants, and captures their stronghold in the predominantly Muslim Lanao del Sur province. Three Philippine Army soldiers were also killed during the fighting. ](/news/2016/02/26/moro-conflict-operation-enduring-freedom-philippines-philippine-security-forces-kill-as-many-as-42-isil-linked-militants-and-captures.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Philippines_
5. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017. Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War. After the murder of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-murder-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines-th.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War. The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
