### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# 2013 Bulgarian protests: At least 10 people are injured in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, as tens of thousands turn up for rallies in 10 cities, a day after Prime Minister Boyko Borisov sacked his Finance Minister Simeon Djankov. The government revokes the license of Czech company CEZ due to high electricity prices, which helped fuel the 9-day protests. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/19/bulgaria-government-idUSL6N0BJ5ZW20130219)

### Related:

1. [2013 Bulgarian protests: Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov says he will resign with all his cabinet due to widespread protests amid a financial crisis. ](/news/2013/02/20/2013-bulgarian-protests-prime-minister-of-bulgaria-boyko-borisov-says-he-will-resign-with-all-his-cabinet-due-to-widespread-protests-amid-a.md) _Context: 2013 Bulgarian protests, Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria, Prime Minister_
2. [Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has arrived in Sofia for talks with his Bulgarian counterpart Boyko Borisov. ](/news/2010/11/12/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-has-arrived-in-sofia-for-talks-with-his-bulgarian-counterpart-boyko-borisov.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria, Sofia_
3. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Prime Minister_
4. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the  vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Prime Minister_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Czech_
6. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a parliamentary election. Boyko Borisov's GERB party wins between 30% and 32% of the votes, closely followed by Sergei Stanishev's resurgent BSP with 26 to 28 percent. No party manages to obtain a majority, while analysts predict a political deadlock amid low voter turnout and economic woes. ](/news/2013/05/12/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-boyko-borisov-s-gerb-party-wins-between-30-and-32-of-the-votes-closely-f.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
7. [Bulgarian Romani protest outside the French embassy in Sofia about expulsions of Romani from France. ](/news/2010/09/18/bulgarian-romani-protest-outside-the-french-embassy-in-sofia-about-expulsions-of-romani-from-france.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Sofia_
8. [ A series of explosions at a depot storing 1,500 tonnes of obsolete munitions forces the evacuation of some 2,000 people in Sofia and the closure of the Bulgarian capital's main airport. ](/news/2008/07/3/a-series-of-explosions-at-a-depot-storing-1-500-tonnes-of-obsolete-munitions-forces-the-evacuation-of-some-2-000-people-in-sofia-and-the-cl.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Sofia_
9. [ A man under investigation for the sexual abuse of children at an orphanage in Sofia, Bulgaria, opens fire on teenage witnesses, killing one and wounding two others before committing suicide. ](/news/2008/03/12/a-man-under-investigation-for-the-sexual-abuse-of-children-at-an-orphanage-in-sofia-bulgaria-opens-fire-on-teenage-witnesses-killing-one.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Sofia_
10. [ The 5 Bulgarian nurses and the Palestinian assistant, imprisoned in Libya for 8 years and that had been sentenced to death, in several trials based on allegations of having inoculated AIDS to children, are leaving Libya and returning back to Sofia with Mrs Ccilia Sarkozy who negotiated their liberation. ](/news/2007/07/24/the-5-bulgarian-nurses-and-the-palestinian-assistant-imprisoned-in-libya-for-8-years-and-that-had-been-sentenced-to-death-in-several-tria.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Sofia_
