### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# Christine Milne, the leader of The Australian Greens, announces that the party has ended its agreement with the Australian Labor Party which led to the formation of the minority government led by Prime Minister Julia Gillard. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/greens-say-minority-government-agreement-with-labor-is-effectively-over/story-fn59niix-1226581102969)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
3. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
5. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Labor Party_
6. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Labor Party_
7. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, on a trip to Shanghai, China, announces that the Australian dollar is set to trade directly with the Chinese yuan, becoming the third currency to do so. ](/news/2013/04/8/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-on-a-trip-to-shanghai-china-announces-that-the-australian-dollar-is-set-to-trade-directly-with-th.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard_
8. [Australia opens a national probe into child sex abuse, with Prime Minister Julia Gillard warning of "uncomfortable truths" as institutions including schools and churches come under scrutiny. ](/news/2013/04/3/australia-opens-a-national-probe-into-child-sex-abuse-with-prime-minister-julia-gillard-warning-of-uncomfortable-truths-as-institutions-i.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard_
9. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announces that the late Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg has been made an honorary Australian citizen. ](/news/2013/04/15/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-announces-that-the-late-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-has-been-made-an-honorary-australian-citiz.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard_
10. [Leader of the Australian Labor Party Julia Gillard calls a spill for all leadership positions. ](/news/2013/03/21/leader-of-the-australian-labor-party-julia-gillard-calls-a-spill-for-all-leadership-positions.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Labor Party_
