### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# In a widening doping scandal, an ESPN report links five additional Major League Baseball players to the purchase of performance-enhancing drugs from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami. The report indicates that Gio Gonzalez, previously linked to PED purchases from Biogenesis, did not receive any banned substances from the clinic. 

Five more professional baseball players have connections to a South Florida clinic at the heart of a widening doping scandal, according to documents obtained by &quot;Outside the Lines.&quot;


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/espn/otl/story/_/id/8963926/documents-south-florida-clinic-heart-mlb-performance-enhancing-drugs-investigation-link-five-baseball-players)

### Related:

1. [The ''Miami New Times'' reports that Biogenesis, a Miami anti-aging clinic that closed in December 2012, sold a wide array of performance-enhancing drugs to several prominent Major League Baseball players, among them Alex Rodriguez, Melky Cabrera, Nelson Cruz, and Gio Gonzalez. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-miami-new-times-reports-that-biogenesis-a-miami-anti-aging-clinic-that-closed-in-december-2012-sold-a-wide-array-of-performance-en.md) _Context: Gio Gonzalez, Major League Baseball, Miami, performance-enhancing drugs_
2. [Shane Flanagan is stood down as coach of the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks as the Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority continues its investigation of alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs by the club during the 2011 NRL season. ](/news/2013/03/8/shane-flanagan-is-stood-down-as-coach-of-the-cronulla-sutherland-sharks-as-the-australian-sports-anti-doping-authority-continues-its-investi.md) _Context: doping, performance-enhancing drugs_
3. [ Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez admits using performance-enhancing drugs between 2001 and 2003. ](/news/2009/02/9/major-league-baseball-player-alex-rodriguez-admits-using-performance-enhancing-drugs-between-2001-and-2003.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, performance-enhancing drugs_
4. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
5. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [The first infection outside Miami in Florida is discovered in Pinellas County. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-first-infection-outside-miami-in-florida-is-discovered-in-pinellas-county.md) _Context: Miami_
7. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: ESPN_
9. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Miami_
10. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
