### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. 

The Chicago Blackhawks beat the Vancouver Canucks 4-3 on Tuesday night to match the NHL record for season-opening point streak.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://scores.espn.go.com/nhl/recap?gameId=400442706)

### Related:

1. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season, NHL, ice hockey_
2. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season, NHL, ice hockey_
3. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League Players' Association overwhelmingly votes to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement reached with the league. NHL training camps are scheduled to open on January 13, with a shortened 48-game regular season to begin on January 19. ](/news/2013/01/12/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-overwhelmingly-votes-to-ratify-a-new-collective-bargaining-agreement-reached.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season, NHL, ice hockey_
4. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: NHL, ice hockey_
5. [In ice hockey, a shortened 48-game (per team) 2012-13 NHL season begins today with 13 Saturday games after the end of the 119-day lockout. ](/news/2013/01/19/in-ice-hockey-a-shortened-48-game-per-team-2012a13-nhl-season-begins-today-with-13-saturday-games-after-the-end-of-the-119-day-lockout.md) _Context: 2012–13 NHL season, ice hockey_
6. [In ice hockey, the Detroit Red Wings set a new record of 21 consecutive home victories in the National Hockey League by defeating the Dallas Stars 3-1. ](/news/2012/02/14/in-ice-hockey-the-detroit-red-wings-set-a-new-record-of-21-consecutive-home-victories-in-the-national-hockey-league-by-defeating-the-dallas.md) _Context: NHL, ice hockey_
7. [The Boston Bruins defeat the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 in Game 7 to win the Stanley Cup Finals in the North American National Hockey League. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-boston-bruins-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-4-0-in-game-7-to-win-the-stanley-cup-finals-in-the-north-american-national-hockey-league.md) _Context: NHL, Vancouver Canucks_
8. [The Boston Bruins defeat the Tampa Bay Lightning 1-0 in the Eastern Conference of  National Hockey League to progress to the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals against the Vancouver Canucks. ](/news/2011/05/27/the-boston-bruins-defeat-the-tampa-bay-lightning-1-0-in-the-eastern-conference-of-national-hockey-league-to-progress-to-the-2011-stanley-cu.md) _Context: NHL, Vancouver Canucks_
9. [The Florida Panthers National Hockey League team acquires Jack Skille, Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan from the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Michael Frolik and Alexander Salak. ](/news/2011/02/9/the-florida-panthers-national-hockey-league-team-acquires-jack-skille-hugh-jessiman-and-david-pacan-from-the-chicago-blackhawks-in-exchange.md) _Context: Chicago Blackhawks, NHL_
10. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: ice hockey_
