### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# Nigerian Sharia conflict:Seven French tourists are kidnapped by gunmen near Waza National Park in northern Cameroon, near the border with Nigeria.  President of France Francois Hollande states that the Islamist group Boko Haram may be responsible. 

Gunmen abduct seven French tourists in northern Cameroon, French President Francois Hollande says, blaming Nigerian-based militants.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21509248)

### Related:

1. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta threatens to launch a terror campaign to "defend Christianity" in Nigeria in response to attacks by Islamist group Boko Haram. ](/news/2013/04/16/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pthe-movement-for-the-emancipation-of-the-niger-delta-threatens-to-launch-a-terror-campaign-to-defend-christianity.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
2. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Gunmen from the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram open fire at a market in Damboa, Nigeria, killing 18 people. ](/news/2013/01/23/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pgunmen-from-the-islamist-extremist-group-boko-haram-open-fire-at-a-market-in-damboa-nigeria-killing-18-people.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
3. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Nigeria's military kill 13 members of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram and lose one soldier in a gun battle in Maiduguri. ](/news/2013/01/1/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pnigeria-s-military-kill-13-members-of-the-islamist-militant-group-boko-haram-and-lose-one-soldier-in-a-gun-battle.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
4. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:An explosion and gunfire are heard in the northern Nigerian town of Maiduguri, amid activity by Islamist group Boko Haram. ](/news/2011/07/6/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pan-explosion-and-gunfire-are-heard-in-the-northern-nigerian-town-of-maiduguri-amid-activity-by-islamist-group-bok.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
5. [Nigerian Sharia conflict: Three people are killed by Islamist group Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria, in the latest in a number of attacks. ](/news/2010/12/29/nigerian-sharia-conflict-three-people-are-killed-by-islamist-group-boko-haram-in-northeastern-nigeria-in-the-latest-in-a-number-of-attacks.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist, Nigeria, Nigerian Sharia conflict_
6. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, president_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, president_
8. [At least eight people are killed following a suicide bomb attack in northern Cameroon's Sangueleri region near the Nigerian border. Boko Haram have previously carried out attacks in the region. ](/news/2015/10/11/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-following-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-northern-cameroon-s-sangueleri-region-near-the-nigerian-border-boko-har.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
9. [Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari visits neighboring Cameroon to bolster support for a multinational army to fight Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/07/29/nigerian-president-muhammadu-buhari-visits-neighboring-cameroon-to-bolster-support-for-a-multinational-army-to-fight-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
10. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, president_
