### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# "The New York Times" publishes allegations that a Chinese People's Liberation Army unit called PLA Unit 61398 may be the source of hacking attacks on the West. 

An overwhelming percentage of the attacks on American companies and government agencies start in a building on the edge of Shanghai, say cybersecurity experts and American intelligence officials.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/19/technology/chinas-army-is-seen-as-tied-to-hacking-against-us.html)

### Related:

1. ["The New York Times" claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporters.md) _Context: China, The New York Times, hackers_
2. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
3. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
4. [China-Pakistan relations: China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-pakistan-relations-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-china-pakistan-economic-cor.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
6. [Cross-Strait relations: The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/cross-strait-relations-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
7. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: China, hackers_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-out.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
9. ["Philippines v. China": China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-china-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-the.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
10. [2014 Ludian earthquake: China dispatches 2,500 People's Liberation Army soldiers to Yunnan province to search for hundreds of people missing after the earthquake. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-ludian-earthquake-china-dispatches-2-500-people-s-liberation-army-soldiers-to-yunnan-province-to-search-for-hundreds-of-people-missing.md) _Context: China, People's Liberation Army_
