### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# The governments of Singapore and Malaysia announce plans to build a high-speed rail link between the city-state of Singapore and Kuala Lumpur by 2020. 

SINGAPORE and Malaysia announced that they will build a high-speed rail link between the city-state and Kuala Lumpur with a target to complete it around 2020.


### Source:

1. [AAP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/business/breaking-news/singapore-malaysia-to-build-rail-link/story-e6frfkur-1226581279200)

### Related:

1. [Bersih 5 rally: Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
2. [2016 Southeast Asian haze: In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeast-asian-haze-in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires.md) _Context: Malaysia, Singapore_
3. [Terrorism in Malaysia: Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/terrorism-in-malaysia-australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capita.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
4. [2015 Southeast Asian haze: The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/2015-southeast-asian-haze-the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-sm.md) _Context: Malaysia, Singapore_
5. [Bersih 4 rally: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal: Tens of thousands of Malaysians rally in the capital Kuala Lumpur calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down over a financial scandal where a MYR 2.672 billion (USD 700 million) payment was made to his bank account from unnamed foreign donors. ](/news/2015/08/29/bersih-4-rally-1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-tens-of-thousands-of-malaysians-rally-in-the-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-mi.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
6. [2015 Sabah earthquake: More bodies are found on Malaysia's highest peak Mount Kinabalu with the total death from the earthquake at 13 with most casualties from Malaysia and Singapore. ](/news/2015/06/7/2015-sabah-earthquake-more-bodies-are-found-on-malaysia-s-highest-peak-mount-kinabalu-with-the-total-death-from-the-earthquake-at-13-with-m.md) _Context: Malaysia, Singapore_
7. [South East Asian migrant crisis: The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/south-east-asian-migrant-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
8. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Malaysia, Singapore_
9. [A hand grenade explodes in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur killing one person and injuring 13. ](/news/2014/10/9/a-hand-grenade-explodes-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-killing-one-person-and-injuring-13.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
10. [2013 Southeast Asian haze: Haze from Indonesian forest fires in Sumatra increase air pollution in Singapore and Malaysia to hazardous levels. ](/news/2013/06/20/2013-southeast-asian-haze-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-in-sumatra-increase-air-pollution-in-singapore-and-malaysia-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Malaysia, Singapore_
