### [2013-02-19](/news/2013/02/19/index.md)

# Two people are missing and at least 14 injured after a car struck a gas main causing an explosion at the Country Club Plaza in the American city of Kansas City, Missouri. 




### Source:

1. [ (NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/02/19/17021503-multiple-injuries-confirmed-in-enormous-gas-blast-in-kansas-city)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/02/19/us/missouri-gas-explosion)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
2. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
3. [Four people are killed in a murder-suicide at a home health care business in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, by the owner of the business, 59-year-old Ahmed Dirir. ](/news/2013/06/13/four-people-are-killed-in-a-murder-suicide-at-a-home-health-care-business-in-st-louis-missouri-united-states-by-the-owner-of-the-busines.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
4. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
5. [The perpetrator and his girlfriend's father are dead in a murder-suicide near Fairdealing, Missouri, United States, and two others are injured. ](/news/2013/02/18/the-perpetrator-and-his-girlfriend-s-father-are-dead-in-a-murder-suicide-near-fairdealing-missouri-united-states-and-two-others-are-injur.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
6. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
7. [Jovan Belcher, a linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs American football team kills himself at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, after reportedly killing his girlfriend. ](/news/2012/12/1/jovan-belcher-a-linebacker-for-the-kansas-city-chiefs-american-football-team-kills-himself-at-arrowhead-stadium-in-kansas-city-missouri-u.md) _Context: Kansas City, Missouri_
8. [An ABB employee commits suicide after shooting eight people, three fatally, at the ABB Power building in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States. ](/news/2010/01/7/an-abb-employee-commits-suicide-after-shooting-eight-people-three-fatally-at-the-abb-power-building-in-st-louis-missouri-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
9. [ United States federal authorities start sending aid to Missouri, Oklahoma and Georgia as the total death toll from the May 2008 tornado outbreak sequence reaches 23. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-states-federal-authorities-start-sending-aid-to-missouri-oklahoma-and-georgia-as-the-total-death-toll-from-the-may-2008-tornado-out.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
10. [ At least three people including the gunman die in a shooting at the Ward Parkway shopping center in  Kansas City, Missouri . [http://www.kansas.com/197/story/57573.html (AP via Wichita Eagle)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/6606379.stm (BBC)].](/news/2007/04/29/at-least-three-people-including-the-gunman-die-in-a-shooting-at-the-ward-parkway-shopping-center-in-kansas-city-missouri-http-www-ka.md) _Context: Kansas City, Missouri_
