### [2014-08-2](/news/2014/08/2/index.md)

# Israel Defense Forces declare that the Israeli soldier previously believed to have been captured by Hamas fighters in Rafah had in fact been killed in battle that day and his body taken. 

The Israeli military said Sunday that an Israeli soldier it previously believed had been captured by Hamas fighters in a Gaza ambush had in fact been killed in battle that day. The purported capture had helped shatter an internationally brokered ceasefire.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/gaza-conflict-missing-israeli-soldier-declared-dead-1.2725940)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.cbc.ca/1.2726415.1407032574!/cpImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_1180/mideast-israel-palestinians.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A UNRWA-run school in Rafah is hit by an Israeli air strike. At least seven people are thought to have been killed, and at least 30 injured. ](/news/2014/08/3/a-unrwa-run-school-in-rafah-is-hit-by-an-israeli-air-strike-at-least-seven-people-are-thought-to-have-been-killed-and-at-least-30-injured.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict, Rafah_
2. [The Israel Defense Forces claims that the 10 tonnes of aid delivered in the Free Gaza flotilla was turned back by Hamas when delivered to the border at Rafah, with Hamas stating that it will only accept the aid if all flotilla activists imprisoned in Israel are freed, and that the aid be delivered by the flotilla organizers. ](/news/2010/06/2/the-israel-defense-forces-claims-that-the-10-tonnes-of-aid-delivered-in-the-free-gaza-flotilla-was-turned-back-by-hamas-when-delivered-to-th.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel Defense Forces troops enter the southern Gaza Strip refugee camp of Rafah with ten tanks and three bulldozers. ](/news/2004/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-defense-forces-troops-enter-the-southern-gaza-strip-refugee-camp-of-rafah-with-ten-tanks-and-three-bul.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
6. [ At least ten Palestinians are killed in Rafah, Gaza Strip, by an explosion following warning shots fired by the IDF. The road used by the Palestinians was strewn with explosives. ](/news/2004/05/19/at-least-ten-palestinians-are-killed-in-rafah-gaza-strip-by-an-explosion-following-warning-shots-fired-by-the-idf-the-road-used-by-the-p.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
7. [ The Israeli army announces its intention to demolish hundreds of additional houses in the Rafah refugee camp in the Gaza Strip along the border with Egypt after the Supreme Court rejects a petition against the demolitions. In the past, the IDF has found dozens of tunnels hidden underneath homes allegedly used to smuggle guns, ammunition, explosives, fugitives, drugs and other illegal materials into Gaza. The court had previously issued a temporary injunction after 88 homes had been destroyed leaving more than 1000 people homeless (UNRWA figures disputed by the Israeli army). ](/news/2004/05/16/the-israeli-army-announces-its-intention-to-demolish-hundreds-of-additional-houses-in-the-rafah-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-along-the-bo.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
10. [The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-israel-defense-forces-idf-skylark-drone-over-syria-s-quneitra-governorate.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
