### [2007-02-15](/news/2007/02/15/index.md)

#  Six Colombian legislators are arrested due to alleged links to paramilitary groups including Senator lvaro Arajo, the brother of Foreign Minister Mara Consuelo Arajo. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6367441.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Colombian foreign minister Mara Consuelo Arajo resigns days after the arrest of her brother, Senator lvaro Arajo, in the country's ongoing para-political scandal.  President lvaro Uribe Vlez appoints Fernando Arajo as the new Minister. ](/news/2007/02/19/colombian-foreign-minister-maria-consuelo-araujo-resigns-days-after-the-arrest-of-her-brother-senator-alvaro-araujo-in-the-country-s-ongo.md) _Context: Colombia, Mara Consuelo Arajo, lvaro Arajo_
2. [ Colombian warlord extradition Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia  lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombian-warlord-extraditionp-colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-die.md) _Context: Colombia, paramilitary_
3. [ In Colombia, president lvaro Uribe signs a controversial law that is meant to encourage paramilitary groups and guerrillas to disarm ](/news/2005/07/23/in-colombia-president-alvaro-uribe-signs-a-controversial-law-that-is-meant-to-encourage-paramilitary-groups-and-guerrillas-to-disarm.md) _Context: Colombia, paramilitary_
4. [ In Colombia, congress approves a draft bill that offers sentences of only eight years to those members of paramilitary militias who give up their weapons. It demands that they confess, return the stolen property and disarm. Critics of president lvaro Uribe say that the law is too lenient ](/news/2005/06/22/in-colombia-congress-approves-a-draft-bill-that-offers-sentences-of-only-eight-years-to-those-members-of-paramilitary-militias-who-give-up.md) _Context: Colombia, paramilitary_
5. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Colombia_
6. [At least 17 people are killed after an Andean landslide strikes the Colombian city of Manizales. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-people-are-killed-after-an-andean-landslide-strikes-the-colombian-city-of-manizales.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [A landslide in Colombia's southwestern border department of Putumayo sends mud and debris crashing onto houses killing over 250 people and injuring at least 400 others. In addition, 200 people are missing. ](/news/2017/04/1/a-landslide-in-colombia-s-southwestern-border-department-of-putumayo-sends-mud-and-debris-crashing-onto-houses-killing-over-250-people-and-i.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [An explosion kills one and injures at least 30 people, mostly police officers preparing for the weekly anti-bullfighting protests in Bogota, Colombia. Bullfighting resumed last month after  a four-year lull, per a Supreme Court order. Responsibility has not been determined. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-explosion-kills-one-and-injures-at-least-30-people-mostly-police-officers-preparing-for-the-weekly-anti-bullfighting-protests-in-bogota.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [An Aerosucre Boeing 727-200 Flight 4544, used as a cargo plane, crashes shortly after takeoff in Puerto Carreno's German Olano Airport en route to the Colombian capital Bogota killing five people and injuring one. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-aerosucre-boeing-727-200-flight-4544-used-as-a-cargo-plane-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-in-puerto-carreno-s-germa-n-olano-airport-en-r.md) _Context: Colombia_
