### [2004-03-29](/news/2004/03/29/index.md)

#  NATO welcomes seven new members, as Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia formally became members by depositing their instruments of accession with the United States' government, though the countries will join officially next month at a NATO meeting. All but Slovenia were formerly members of the Warsaw Pact. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3578837.stm)
2. [NATO](http://www.nato.int/docu/update/2004/03-march/e0329a.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia_
2. [ EU enlargement: Ten new member states (Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) join the European Union, increasing the EU's population by 75 million people to a total of roughly 455 million. ](/news/2004/05/1/eu-enlargement-ten-new-member-states-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-malta-poland-slovakia-and-sloveni.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia_
3. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-ex.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia_
4. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia_
5. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania_
6. [The Latvian Defense Ministry said four NATO fighter jets from the Lithuanian Air Force Base near Siauliai were deployed when two Russian bombers flying in the neutral airspace almost entered Latvian air space. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-latvian-defense-ministry-said-four-nato-fighter-jets-from-the-lithuanian-air-force-base-near-a-iauliai-were-deployed-when-two-russian-bo.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania, NATO_
7. [ The currencies of Estonia (the kroon), Lithuania (the litas), and Slovenia (the tolar) enter ERM II, the European Union's Exchange Rate Mechanism, in a move towards joining the euro. ](/news/2004/06/28/the-currencies-of-estonia-the-kroon-lithuania-the-litas-and-slovenia-the-tolar-enter-erm-ii-the-european-union-s-exchange-rate-mec.md) _Context: Estonia, Lithuania, Slovenia_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
9. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: Estonia, NATO_
10. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Lithuania, NATO_
