### [2004-03-29](/news/2004/03/29/index.md)

#  ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.

Things to do in Miami


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000080&sid=an8jQ.GItx0s&refer=asia)
2. [Miami Herald](http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/news/world/8308379.htm)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.miami.com/wp-content/themes/miami/images/sg/img-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
2. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
3. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
4. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Candidates Lien Chan of the Pan-Blue Coalition and President Chen Shui-bian of the Pan-Green Coalition participate in a televised debate.](/news/2004/02/14/roc-presidential-election-2004-candidates-lien-chan-of-the-pan-blue-coalition-and-president-chen-shui-bian-of-the-pan-green-coalition-par.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
5. [ 2004 Taiwan Presidential Election: President Chen Shui-bian is officially nominated by his Democratic Progressive Party and picks Vice President Annette Lu as his running mate. [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V1414.AP-Taiwan-Vice-Pre.html]](/news/2003/12/10/2004-taiwan-presidential-election-president-chen-shui-bian-is-officially-nominated-by-his-democratic-progressive-party-and-picks-vice-pres.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Annette Lu, Chen Shui-bian_
6. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
7. [ President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian announces the cease of the function of the National Unification Council and the application of the Guidelines for National Unification. The move is condemned by the pan-Blue Coalition and People's Republic of China. Chen says that the reversal is a response to aggression by the PRC. ](/news/2006/02/27/president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-announces-the-cease-of-the-function-of-the-national-unification-council-and-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
8. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
9. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
10. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian_
