### [2010-09-28](/news/2010/09/28/index.md)

# A U.S. service member is in custody in connection with the shooting deaths of two other service members and the injury of a third in Iraq. They were assigned to 3rd Infantry Division, Fort Stewart, Georgia. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/09/28/iraq.soldiers.death/index.html?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [Economy of the United States: New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: Georgia_
2. [Deportation from the United States: U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia_
4. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Battle of Mosul: The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Tornadoes of 2017: Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: Georgia_
8. [Battle of Mosul: The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq_
