### [2010-09-28](/news/2010/09/28/index.md)

# Four people are killed, including a toddler, and one seriously injured in a shooting spree in the Mattapan neighbourhood of Boston, Massachusetts. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-09/29/c_13534428.htm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/CRIME/09/28/massachusetts.fatal.shooting/)

### Related:

1. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
2. [During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. ](/news/2015/09/7/during-u-s-labor-day-holiday-activities-in-boston-president-barack-obama-announces-a-new-executive-order-requiring-federal-government-cont.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
3. [ Norwegian Cruise Line's ''Norwegian Dawn'' ran aground three miles off Bermuda when departing for a return trip to Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.. ](/news/2015/05/19/norwegian-cruise-line-s-norwegian-dawn-ran-aground-three-miles-off-bermuda-when-departing-for-a-return-trip-to-boston-massachusetts-u.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
4. [The U.S. city of Boston, Massachusetts, sets all-time records for amount of snow on the ground and amount of snow over 30-day and 40-day periods in 17 days. ](/news/2015/02/9/the-u-s-city-of-boston-massachusetts-sets-all-time-records-for-amount-of-snow-on-the-ground-and-amount-of-snow-over-30-day-and-40-day-per.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
5. [New England sees the worst of the blizzard with Boston, Massachusetts covered in two feet of snow. ](/news/2015/01/27/new-england-sees-the-worst-of-the-blizzard-with-boston-massachusetts-covered-in-two-feet-of-snow.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
6. [A gunman shoots a cardiovascular surgeon to death at Harvard Medical School's Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, and then commits suicide. ](/news/2015/01/20/a-gunman-shoots-a-cardiovascular-surgeon-to-death-at-harvard-medical-school-s-brigham-and-women-s-hospital-in-boston-massachusetts-and-the.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
7. [ A three ton concrete ceiling tile falls on a car in a tunnel in Boston, United States, killing one female passenger and closing the tunnel. The Governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney, announces that the Massachusetts Government will be taking legal action to remove the Chairman of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority, Matt Amorello. ](/news/2006/07/11/a-three-ton-concrete-ceiling-tile-falls-on-a-car-in-a-tunnel-in-boston-united-states-killing-one-female-passenger-and-closing-the-tunnel.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
8. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
10. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
