### [2010-09-28](/news/2010/09/28/index.md)

# The Cincinnati Reds win the National League Central in Major League Baseball. 

CINCINNATI — Chris Johnson is exactly 100 games into his major league career, and he’s already tired of watching what he saw Tuesday night: the raised arms, the human pileups, the jubilation of the home crowd that comes with a win to clinch a playoff berth. Cincinnati’s young, homegrown core, embodied by Bruce, MVP candidate Joey Votto, Drew Stubbs and Johnny Cueto, is supplemented by low-cost veteran acquisitions like Scott Rolen, Orlando Cabrera and Jonny Gomes. [...] Votto was signed in 2002, Cueto in 2004, Bruce in 2005, and Stubbs in 2006, and they have come of age together, with the essential veterans added to the mix like good seasonings, not overwhelming ingredients. [...] when 15 years of frustration ended with Bruce’s drive to center on the first pitch of the ninth from Tim Byrdak, what a release. Wandy Rodriguez walked the first two hitters of the game and got a double play and another ground ball, but Johnson bounced a long throw to Brett Wallace as the play went for an RBI single and error on Johnson, allowing the batter Rolen to take second. The Astros grabbed the lead with a two-run fourth highlighted by a Jason Castro RBI single and a successful squeeze bunt by Rodriguez to score Angel Sanchez. Back-to-back singles by Cabrera and Votto and Rolen’s comeback from an 0-2 count to work a walk got the Reds in prime position.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/sports/7222440.html)

### Related:

1. [Canadian baseball player Joey Votto of the Cincinnati Reds wins Most Valuable Player of the National League in Major League Baseball in an almost unanimous vote. ](/news/2010/11/22/canadian-baseball-player-joey-votto-of-the-cincinnati-reds-wins-most-valuable-player-of-the-national-league-in-major-league-baseball-in-an-a.md) _Context: Cincinnati Reds, Major League Baseball_
2. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
3. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
4. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
5. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [ In Major League Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza are elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Griffey was named on all but three of the 440 ballots received, surpassing Tom Seaver for the highest voting percentage in Hall history. Griffey and Piazza will be formally inducted on July 24. ](/news/2016/01/6/in-major-league-baseball-ken-griffey-jr-and-mike-piazza-are-elected-to-the-hall-of-fame-by-the-baseball-writers-association-of-america.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [In Major League Baseball, the Kansas City Royals defeat the New York Mets in the 2015 World Series 4 games to 1. ](/news/2015/11/1/in-major-league-baseball-the-kansas-city-royals-defeat-the-new-york-mets-in-the-2015-world-series-4-games-to-1.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [In Major League Baseball, the New York Mets defeat the Chicago Cubs 8-3, completing a four-game sweep of the 2015 National League Championship Series, and advance to the 2015 World Series. ](/news/2015/10/21/in-major-league-baseball-the-new-york-mets-defeat-the-chicago-cubs-8a3-completing-a-four-game-sweep-of-the-2015-national-league-champion.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [David Ortiz of the Boston Red Sox hits two home runs in the Sox' 10-4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, making him the 27th player in MLB history with 500 career homers. ](/news/2015/09/12/david-ortiz-of-the-boston-red-sox-hits-two-home-runs-in-the-sox-10a4-win-over-the-tampa-bay-rays-at-tropicana-field-in-st-petersburg-fl.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
