### [2010-09-28](/news/2010/09/28/index.md)

# The Workers' Party of Korea conference begins in Pyongyang, North Korea. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-11417016)
2. [Time](http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2021722,00.html?xid=rss-topstories)

### Related:

1. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, Workers' Party of Korea_
2. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [The Workers' Party of Korea, the ruling party of North Korea, holds its first party congress in nearly 40 years. The meeting comes as the country is facing tougher sanctions for its recent missile launches. ](/news/2016/05/6/the-workers-party-of-korea-the-ruling-party-of-north-korea-holds-its-first-party-congress-in-nearly-40-years-the-meeting-comes-as-the-co.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
4. [The government of North Korea announces its ruling Workers' Party of Korea will hold a party congress on May 6, the first in nearly 40 years. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-north-korea-announces-its-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-will-hold-a-party-congress-on-may-6-the-first-in-nearly-40-years.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
5. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
9. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations,  cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, fails to show at an event marking the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea, increasing speculation about his prolonged absence from public view. ](/news/2014/10/10/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-fails-to-show-at-an-event-marking-the-69th-anniversary-of-the-founding-of-the-workers-party-of-kore.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
