### [2010-09-28](/news/2010/09/28/index.md)

# The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit permanently lifts an injunction thereby allowing the United States Government to fund embryonic stem cell research. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/US/09/28/stem.cell.injunction/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers. ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
2. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
3. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: Volkswagen reaches a deal with the United States government that includes vehicle buybacks and cash compensation. ](/news/2016/04/21/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-reaches-a-deal-with-the-united-states-government-that-includes-vehicle-buybacks-and-cash-compensati.md) _Context: United States government_
4. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
6. [Office of Personnel Management data breach: The CNN reports that the size of the Office of Personnel Management data breach could be as large as 18 million past, present and prospective employees of the United States Government. ](/news/2015/06/22/office-of-personnel-management-data-breach-the-cnn-reports-that-the-size-of-the-office-of-personnel-management-data-breach-could-be-as-larg.md) _Context: United States government_
7. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: United States government_
8. [The United States House of Representatives narrowly passes a budget spending bill to avoid a potential government shutdown. ](/news/2014/12/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-budget-spending-bill-to-avoid-a-potential-government-shutdown.md) _Context: United States government_
9. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. ("Halbig v. Burwell") Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enroll.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
10. [United States Government owned mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announce record profits during 2012. ](/news/2013/04/2/united-states-government-owned-mortgage-firms-fannie-mae-and-freddie-mac-announce-record-profits-during-2012.md) _Context: United States government_
