
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parliamentarians-in-jail-vote-through-pro.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parliamentarians-in-jail-vote-through-pro.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parliamentarians-in-jail-vote-through-pro.xml)  

### [2018-01-17](/news/2018/01/17/index.md)

##### 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis
# The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three parliamentarians in jail vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont (PDeCAT, JuntsxCat), through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says that he will not restore Catalonia's autonomous powers if the regional parliament permits Puigdemont to lead the government from exile. 

The choice of Roger Torrent is the first step to reinstating local government.


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-42718192)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/branded_news/43B5/production/_99633371_044102548-1.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three ERC parlementarians in exile vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont, through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. ](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-erc-parlementarians-in-exile-vote-through.md) _2018-01-17 17:30:07 (First version)_
2. [The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three parlementarians in exile vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont (PDeCAT, JuntsxCat), through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says that he will not restore Catalonia's autonomous powers if the regional parliament permits Puigdemont to lead the government from exile. ](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parlementarians-in-exile-vote-through-pro.md) _2018-01-17 19:30:07 (Update)_
3. [The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three parlementarians in jail vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont (PDeCAT, JuntsxCat), through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says that he will not restore Catalonia's autonomous powers if the regional parliament permits Puigdemont to lead the government from exile. ](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parlementarians-in-jail-vote-through-prox.md) _2018-01-17 20:30:06 (Update)_
3. [The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three parliamentarians in jail vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont (PDeCAT, JuntsxCat), through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says that he will not restore Catalonia's autonomous powers if the regional parliament permits Puigdemont to lead the government from exile. ](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parliamentarians-in-jail-vote-through-pro.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Carles Puigdemont, ex-President of Catalonia, travels to Denmark while Spanish Attorney General requests the European Arrest Warrant. The Speaker of the Catalan Parliament appoints Puigdemont to be invested as President. Spain's Supreme Court refuses to reactivate the arrest warrant. ](/news/2018/01/22/carles-puigdemont-ex-president-of-catalonia-travels-to-denmark-while-spanish-attorney-general-requests-the-european-arrest-warrant-the-sp.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont, Parliament of Catalonia, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
2. [Private messages between former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont and Antoni Comin, the exiled regional minister of Health, come to light, in which the former President confesses that the secession procedure "is over", opening, once again, tensions between the pro-independence political parties and more confusion about the future of Catalonia. ](/news/2018/01/31/private-messages-between-former-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-and-antoni-coman-the-exiled-regional-minister.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
3. [The Speaker of the Parliament of Catalonia delays the session of investiture of Carles Puigdemont after the suspension by the Constitutional Court of the telematic investiture. Roger Torrent insists that Puigdemont is the only candidate, disobeying the decision of the high court. ](/news/2018/01/30/the-speaker-of-the-parliament-of-catalonia-delays-the-session-of-investiture-of-carles-puigdemont-after-the-suspension-by-the-constitutional.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Parliament of Catalonia, Roger Torrent_
4. [Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy warns Catalonian President Carles Puigdemont that the region's autonomy will be suspended if he fails to drop the Catalonian government's bid for secession by 10:00 AM CEST (08:00 AM GMT). ](/news/2017/10/19/spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-warns-catalonian-president-carles-puigdemont-that-the-region-s-autonomy-will-be-suspended-if-he-fails-t.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
5. [Artur Mas announces that he is resigning as president of the PDeCAT party. ](/news/2018/01/9/artur-mas-announces-that-he-is-resigning-as-president-of-the-pdecat-party.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, PDeCAT_
