### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. 

El Ni&ntilde;o conditions known for suppressing storms expected to be scarce during Atlantic hurricane season


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/2017-hurricane-forecast-calls-above-normal-season-atlantic/)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Atlantic Ocean_
2. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating in anticipation of Hurricane Harvey's landfall. perhaps by late Friday, as a Category 3 storm, the biggest hurricane to hit mainland United States since 2005. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15-25 inches (38-64 centimeters), and as much 35 inches (89 cm) of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-evacuat.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthe.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. A ten-year-old boy dies from injuries sustained during Tropical Storm Cindy in Fort Morgan, Alabama. ](/news/2017/06/21/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-a-ten-year-old-boy-dies-from-injuries-sustained-during-tropical-storm-cindy-in-fort-morgan-alabama.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Cindy makes its way towards the eastern coasts of the Southern United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-cindy-makes-its-way-towards-the-eastern-coasts-of-the-southern-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: Caribbean Sea_
8. [Global temperatures rose to the hottest level on record for 2016 for a third successive record according to NASA and the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ](/news/2017/01/18/global-temperatures-rose-to-the-hottest-level-on-record-for-2016-for-a-third-successive-record-according-to-nasa-and-the-us-national-oceanic.md) _Context: U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
10. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
