
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.json)  [XML](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.xml)  

### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

##### United Kingdom-United States relations
# British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. 

President Donald Trump said on Thursday that &quot;deeply troubling&quot; leaks to U.S. media about the Manchester suicide bombing would be investigated, after irate British police stopped sharing information with U.S. agencies.


### Sources:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/25/europe/manchester-terror-attack-uk/index.html)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-security-manchester-idUSKBN18L0QU)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/25/world/europe/trump-may-leaks-manchester.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)
3. [Cover Image](//s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170525&t=2&i=1186243309&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4O0Y1)

### Changes:

1. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's deadly attack after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May states she will emphasize the sensitive nature of said information when she meets with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at NATO later today. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-attack-after-u-s-officials-allegedly.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (First version)_
2. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's deadly attack after The New York Times publishes sensitive information leaked by U.S. officials on suspected bomber Salman Abedi. British Prime Minister Theresa May states she will emphasize the sensitive nature of said information when she meets with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at NATO later today. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-attack-after-the-new-york-times-publis.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (Update)_
3. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's deadly attack after raising concerns the U.S. leaked sensitive information regarding the investigation. British Prime Minister Theresa May states she will emphasize the sensitive nature of said information when she meets with President Donald Trump during their meeting at NATO later today. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-attack-after-raising-concerns-the-u-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (Update)_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence in connection with Monday's deadly attack after raising concerns the United States leaked sensitive information regarding the investigation. British Prime Minister Theresa May states she will emphasize the sensitive nature of said information when she meets with President Donald Trump during their meeting at NATO later today.](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-attack-after-raising-concerns-the-united-states-leaked-sensit.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (Update)_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
2. [British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-by.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Theresa May, United Kingdom-United States relations_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium imports, causing the Dow Jones Industrial Average to drop over 400 points. ](/news/2018/03/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-plans-to-impose-tariffs-on-steel-and-aluminium-imports-causing-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-to-dr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales. Trump thanks Morales for having supported the decision of the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. They discuss various issues about the crisis in Venezuela, drug trafficking and the UN anti-corruption commission. ](/news/2018/02/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-meets-with-guatemalan-president-jimmy-morales-trump-thanks-morales-for-having-supported-the-decision-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [Michael D. Cohen, the private lawyer of U.S. President Donald Trump, says he made a "lawful" US$130,000 payment to porn star Stephanie Clifford, aka Stormy Daniels, from his own private funds. The statement to "The New York Times" comes after the Common Cause organization on January 22, 2018, filed a complaint about the payment with the Federal Election Commission. ](/news/2018/02/14/michael-d-cohen-the-private-lawyer-of-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-made-a-lawful-us-130-000-payment-to-porn-star-stephanie-cliff.md) _Context: Donald Trump, The New York Times_
