### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 

Investigators are looking in particular at meetings the president&rsquo;s son-in-law held in December with Russians, people familiar with the matter said.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/jared-kushner-now-a-focus-in-russia-investigation/2017/05/25/f078db74-40c7-11e7-8c25-44d09ff5a4a8_story.html?utm_term=.4d8331a7f9f3)

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
2. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
3. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/23/former-cia-director-john-brennan-tells-the-house-intelligence-committee-he-knew-of-contacts-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
6. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
8. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation_
9. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
10. [United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes recuses himself from the committee's probe into Russian interference in the  2016 presidential election; Rep. Mike Conaway will take the lead in this investigation. ](/news/2017/04/6/united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-chairman-rep-devin-nunes-recuses-himself-from-the-committeeas-probe-into-r.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
