### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. 

The first ever launch from New Zealand is a step towards making it cheaper to get cargo into space.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39971843)
2. [Smithsonian](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/new-zealand-sent-3d-printed-rocket-space-180963463/#6DCX5PYvcesgUC6b)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
2. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
3. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
4. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
5. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
6. [For the first time, NASA emailed hardware,   a wrench, to the International Space Station that was  fabricated on the ISS's Zero Gravity 3D printer. ](/news/2014/12/16/for-the-first-time-nasa-emailed-hardware-a-wrench-to-the-international-space-station-that-was-fabricated-on-the-iss-s-zero-gravity-3d.md) _Context: 3D-printed, International Space Station_
7. [After months of delays, American company SpaceX successfully launches its unmanned Dragon spacecraft aboard a Falcon 9 rocket, beginning a test mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2012/05/22/after-months-of-delays-american-company-spacex-successfully-launches-its-unmanned-dragon-spacecraft-aboard-a-falcon-9-rocket-beginning-a-t.md) _Context: Falcon 9, International Space Station_
8. [The Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce is revealed to have unknowingly held dual citizenship with New Zealand since his election, which may have rendered him ineligible for candidacy under section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-deputy-prime-minister-of-australia-barnaby-joyce-is-revealed-to-have-unknowingly-held-dual-citizenship-with-new-zealand-since-his-electi.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/07/14/deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-scott-ludlam-resigns-as-a-senator-after-discovering-that-he-holds-dual-citizenship-with-new-zealand.md) _Context: New Zealand_
10. [Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
