### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# The Ministry of National Defense of the People's Republic of China says the USS Dewey United States Navy destroyer was warned to leave an area less than 12 nautical miles from a man-made island near Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. The United States Department of Defense says it operates in accordance with international law. 

Chinese warships warned a U.S. Navy destroyer to leave after the ship sailed less than 12 nautical miles away from a man-made island in the South China Sea, a Chinese defense official said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/05/25/china-warned-us-destroyer-to-leave-area-near-man-made-island-official-says.html)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense of the People's Republic of China, South China Sea, United States Department of Defense_
2. [A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, ''USS Curtis Wilbur'' (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action "severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-triton-island.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense of the People's Republic of China, United States Department of Defense, United States Navy_
3. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: United States Navy, destroyer_
4. [Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer ''USS Donald Cook'' in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the ''USS Donald Cook'', taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-in-the-baltic-sea.md) _Context: United States Navy, destroyer_
5. [The U.S. military is in discussions  with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers,  whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-u-s-military-is-in-discussions-with-australian-officials-about-the-possibility-of-basing-long-range-bombers-whose-striking-distance.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Department of Defense_
6. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense of the People's Republic of China, South China Sea_
7. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
8. [In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _Context: South China Sea, international law_
9. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
10. [The U.S. Navy plans to send guided missile destroyer USS Lassen within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands built by China in the South China Sea. This first freedom of navigation challenge to China's territorial claims in one of the world's busiest sea lanes may occur as soon as tomorrow, according to a U.S. defense official. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-u-s-navy-plans-to-send-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-lassen-within-12-nautical-miles-of-artificial-islands-built-by-china-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: South China Sea, United States Navy_
