### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. 

El Ni&ntilde;o conditions known for suppressing storms expected to be scarce during Atlantic hurricane season


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/2017-hurricane-forecast-calls-above-normal-season-atlantic/)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2017/05/25/c74f09bd-bac3-4331-92a9-ec77f740086a/big-hurricane-satellite-2017-05-25t174434z.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Caribbean_
2. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Caribbean_
3. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Atlantic Ocean_
4. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [Hurricane Irma makes first landfall on Barbuda, Saint Martin, and Anguilla in the northeastern Leeward Islands. Irma has maintained 185 mph winds for 24 hours, setting another record for Atlantic and eastern Pacific storms. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-irma-makes-first-landfall-on-barbuda-saint-martin-and-anguilla-in-the-northeastern-leeward-islands-irma-has-maintained-185-mph.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Many voices arguing in favor of amnesty and mass immigration claim the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [Maria strengthens into a hurricane and causes flooding in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. ](/news/2017/09/27/maria-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-causes-flooding-in-the-outer-banks-of-north-carolina.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
