### [2017-05-25](/news/2017/05/25/index.md)

# The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. 

In a stinging rebuke to President Donald Trump, a U.S. appeals court refused on Thursday to reinstate his temporary travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority nations, setting the stage for a possible legal showdown in the Supreme Court.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-court-idUSKBN18L2IO)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/25/us/politics/trump-travel-ban-blocked.html?hp&_r=0)
2. [Cover Image](//s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170525&t=2&i=1186298051&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4O1TA)

### Related:

1. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
2. [The White House announces that citizens of North Korea, Venezuela, and Chad will be restricted from travelling to the United States, along with citizens of the six nations previously listed in Executive Order 13780 with the exception of Sudan. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-white-house-announces-that-citizens-of-north-korea-venezuela-and-chad-will-be-restricted-from-travelling-to-the-united-states-along-w.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Immigration policy of Donald Trump_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Immigration policy of Donald Trump_
4. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
5. [The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-challenge-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
6. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Maryland district court_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rejects the Trump administration arguments regarding the travel ban on grandparents, cousins and others with a "bona fide" relationship in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-rejects-the-trump-administration-arguments-regarding-the-travel-ban-on-grandparents.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the Trump administration can block international refugees from entering the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-trump-administration-can-block-international-refugees-from-entering-the-united-states.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
9. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Immigration policy of Donald Trump_
10. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
