### [2008-06-26](/news/2008/06/26/index.md)

#  In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States holds in "District of Columbia v. Heller" that the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects an individual right to own a firearm and keep it on their property, ruling a District of Columbia gun control law unconstitutional and putting many other similar measures in jeopardy. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/06/26/scotus.guns/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court declines ("Friedman v. Highland Park") to review the ability of cities and states to prohibit semiautomatic, high-capacity assault weapons that have been used in some of the nation's most deadly recent mass shootings. The nationwide assault weapons ban law expired in 2004. Since the "District of Columbia v. Heller" decision in 2008 found the Second Amendment provides the right for an individual to keep a weapon in the home, the court has avoided all cases that might clarify if that right is more expansive. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-declines-friedman-v-highland-park-to-review-the-ability-of-cities-and-states-to-prohibit-semiautomatic.md) _Context: District of Columbia v. Heller, Second Amendment, United States Supreme Court_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: District of Columbia, United States Supreme Court_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: District of Columbia, United States Supreme Court_
4. [ Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued "Boumediene v. Bush" before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-who-successfully-argued-boumediene-v-bush-before-the-supreme-court-are-ordered-freed-by-judge-richard-j-l.md) _Context: District of Columbia, United States Supreme Court_
5. [ The Brazilian congress announces a referendum on banning firearms sales. ](/news/2005/07/7/the-brazilian-congress-announces-a-referendum-on-banning-firearms-sales.md) _Context: firearm, gun control_
6. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
7. [The United States Supreme Court sides (5-4) with the state of Texas and blocks a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-sides-5a4-with-the-state-of-texas-and-blocks-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-und.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
9. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
