### [2008-06-26](/news/2008/06/26/index.md)

#  In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States holds in "District of Columbia v. Heller" that the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects an individual right to own a firearm and keep it on their property, ruling a District of Columbia gun control law unconstitutional and putting many other similar measures in jeopardy. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/06/26/scotus.guns/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court declines ("Friedman v. Highland Park") to review the ability of cities and states to prohibit semiautomatic, high-capacity assault weapons that have been used in some of the nation-s most deadly recent mass shootings. The nationwide assault weapons ban law expired in 2004. Since the "District of Columbia v. Heller" decision in 2008 found the Second Amendment provides the right for an individual to keep a weapon in the home, the court has avoided all cases that might clarify if that right is more expansive. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-declines-friedman-v-highland-park-to-review-the-ability-of-cities-and-states-to-prohibit-semiautomatic.md) _Context: District of Columbia v. Heller, Second Amendment, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [Gun politics in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
4. [ Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued "Boumediene v. Bush" before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-who-successfully-argued-boumediene-v-bush-before-the-supreme-court-are-ordered-freed-by-judge-richard-j-l.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
5. [ The Brazilian congress announces a referendum on banning firearms sales. ](/news/2005/07/7/the-brazilian-congress-announces-a-referendum-on-banning-firearms-sales.md) _Context: firearm, gun control_
6. [Russia-United States relations. Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
7. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [Hyperloop. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
10. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
