### [2006-07-11](/news/2006/07/11/index.md)

#  On the 17th day to the abduction of Cpl. Gilad Shalit, his father asks why Red Cross representatives were not allowed to visit the hostage, as established in the Geneva Conventions. 

17 days after kidnapping of IDF soldier, President Katsav visits family, calls for Gilad’s release. Father Noam Shalit responds to IDF inquiry into incident which found ‘operational failures’: I expect events won’t repeat themselves


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3274154,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Red Cross_
2. [2016 North Korean floods: The Red Cross warns that North Korea faces a "major, complex disaster" after recent floods kill scores of people and leave more than 100,000 homeless. ](/news/2016/09/13/2016-north-korean-floods-the-red-cross-warns-that-north-korea-faces-a-major-complex-disaster-after-recent-floods-kill-scores-of-people-a.md) _Context: Red Cross_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitaria.md) _Context: Geneva Conventions_
4. [War in Somalia: The Red Cross says that at least 36 people may be dead following an attack in Mandera County in northeastern Kenya. Al-Shabaab militants are believed to be responsible. ](/news/2014/12/2/war-in-somalia-the-red-cross-says-that-at-least-36-people-may-be-dead-following-an-attack-in-mandera-county-in-northeastern-kenya-al-shaba.md) _Context: Red Cross_
5. [Donbass war:: The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), guardian of the Geneva Convention, makes a confidential legal assessment that Ukraine is officially in a war, Western diplomats and officials say, opening the door to possible war crimes prosecutions, including over the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ](/news/2014/07/22/donbass-war-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-icrc-guardian-of-the-geneva-convention-makes-a-confidential-legal-assessment.md) _Context: Red Cross_
6. [Operation Protective Edge: Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/operation-protective-edge-israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cro.md) _Context: Red Cross_
7. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:: The Red Cross claims that at least 300 people have died in two days of fighting in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/6/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-the-red-cross-claims-that-at-least-300-people-have-died-in-two-days-of.md) _Context: Red Cross_
8. [Typhoon Haiyan:: Philippines: The Red Cross says that 10,000 people are confirmed dead. It reported that at least 1,000 had been killed in Tacloban and 200 in Samar province. ](/news/2013/11/9/typhoon-haiyan-philippines-the-red-cross-says-that-10-000-people-are-confirmed-dead-it-reported-that-at-least-1-000-had-been-killed-in-t.md) _Context: Red Cross_
9. [Typhoon Haiyan:: The United Nations tallies the death toll to around 4,400. The Red Cross estimates that around 20,000 are still missing, many of whom are feared dead. This is contrary to a previous estimate by Benigno Aquino III, who put the death toll to a low 2,000. ](/news/2013/11/15/typhoon-haiyan-the-united-nations-tallies-the-death-toll-to-around-4-400-the-red-cross-estimates-that-around-20-000-are-still-missing-ma.md) _Context: Red Cross_
10. [North Korea restores the Red Cross link with South Korea used for government-to-government communications. ](/news/2013/06/6/north-korea-restores-the-red-cross-link-with-south-korea-used-for-government-to-government-communications.md) _Context: Red Cross_
