### [2006-07-11](/news/2006/07/11/index.md)

#  The Mujahideen Shura Council, a group linked to Al-Qaeda, posts a tape claiming responsibility for killing three US soldiers in retaliation for the killing of an Iraqi girl Abeer Qassim Hamza, allegedly by members of the same unit that the soldiers belonged to. 




### Source:

1. [Dallas Morning News](http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/dn/latestnews/stories/071106dnintiraqtape.10d60f5.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, al-Qaeda_
2. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, al-Qaeda_
3. [ United States forces claim that they have killed Haitham al-Badri, the leader of al-Qaeda in Salahuddin province in Iraq and believed to be the man responsible for the bombing of the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra in June. ](/news/2007/08/4/united-states-forces-claim-that-they-have-killed-haitham-al-badri-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-salahuddin-province-in-iraq-and-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, al-Qaeda_
4. [ War in Iraq: United States troops in Iraq launch an offensive against Al Qaeda-linked Sunni militants and alleged Iranian linked Shiite militants. ](/news/2007/08/13/war-in-iraq-united-states-troops-in-iraq-launch-an-offensive-against-al-qaeda-linked-sunni-militants-and-alleged-iranian-linked-shiite-mil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, al-Qaeda_
5. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, al-Qaeda_
6. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
7. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
8. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
9. [ U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shaba.md) _Context: United States, al-Qaeda_
10. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
