### [2003-08-28](/news/2003/08/28/index.md)

#  Nuclear program: North Korea announces that it is in possession of nuclear weapons, has the means to deliver them, and will soon be carrying out a nuclear test to demonstrate this capability.




### Related:

1. [ Syria accuses Israel of invading its airspace on Wednesday and dropping ammunition. The operation, known as Operation Orchard, is later speculated to be a raid on a nuclear site being run in collaboration with North Korean technicians, or a raid on a Hizbollah convoy, a missile facility or a terrorist camp. ](/news/2007/09/6/syria-accuses-israel-of-invading-its-airspace-on-wednesday-and-dropping-ammunition-the-operation-known-as-operation-orchard-is-later-spe.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear programme_
2. [ North Korea: According to ABC News, a "senior State Department official" says that "It is the view of the intelligence community that a (nuclear) test is a real possibility," and says that they have seen "suspicious vehicle movement" at a suspected nuclear test site. However, according to Reuters, a United States official said that "We have no new evidence to support that." Also according to the Associated Press, the White House said that any nuclear weapons test would be an "extremely provocative" act that would be denounced around the globe." ](/news/2006/08/17/north-korea-according-to-abc-news-a-senior-state-department-official-says-that-it-is-the-view-of-the-intelligence-community-that-a-nu.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear programme_
3. [ North Korea agrees to multilateral talks in its nuclear standoff with Japan, South Korea, Russia, The United States, and the People's Republic of China.](/news/2003/08/1/north-korea-agrees-to-multilateral-talks-in-its-nuclear-standoff-with-japan-south-korea-russia-the-united-states-and-the-people-s-repub.md) _Context: North Korea, Nuclear program_
4. [ A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.](/news/2003/04/16/a-bush-administration-official-announces-that-the-united-states-people-s-republic-of-china-and-north-korea-will-meet-in-beijing-from-apri.md) _Context: North Korea, Nuclear program_
5. [ North Korea nuclear weapons program: Officials from the United States state that North Korea reactivated a reactor at its main nuclear complex.](/news/2003/02/26/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-officials-from-the-united-states-state-that-north-korea-reactivated-a-reactor-at-its-main-nuclear-comp.md) _Context: North Korea, Nuclear program_
6. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [A North Korean missile flies over Hokkaido, Japan, triggering the J-Alert system, following a similar event on 29 August. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-north-korean-missile-flies-over-hokkaido-japan-triggering-the-j-alert-system-following-a-similar-event-on-29-august.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: North Korea_
