### [2011-10-4](/news/2011/10/4/index.md)

# Regulators in the European Union are close to making a formal announcement that they object to a proposed merger of NYSE Euronext with Deutsche Boerse AG, according to an anonymous source cited by Reuters. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/04/eu-deutscheboerse-nyse-idUSB5E7KS06120111004 (Reuters)].




### Related:

1. [NYSE Euronext and Deutsche Boerse AG, two exchange operating concerns planning a merger, receive a statement of objections to that merger from the European Union's business regulators. ](/news/2011/10/5/nyse-euronext-and-deutsche-boerse-ag-two-exchange-operating-concerns-planning-a-merger-receive-a-statement-of-objections-to-that-merger-fr.md) _Context: Deutsche Boerse AG, European Union, NYSE Euronext_
2. [NYSE Euronext shareholders approve of the acquisition of that company, parent corporation of the New York Stock Exchange, by Deutsche Boerse AG.  The deal still needs to receive the approval of the acquiring firm's shareholders.  ](/news/2011/07/7/nyse-euronext-shareholders-approve-of-the-acquisition-of-that-company-parent-corporation-of-the-new-york-stock-exchange-by-deutsche-boerse.md) _Context: Deutsche Boerse AG, NYSE Euronext_
3. [Nasdaq OMX Group and the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) withdraw their hostile bid for NYSE Euronext, apparently leaving a clear path for NYSE's friendly merger with Deutsche Boerse AG. ](/news/2011/05/16/nasdaq-omx-group-and-the-intercontinental-exchange-ice-withdraw-their-hostile-bid-for-nyse-euronext-apparently-leaving-a-clear-path-for-n.md) _Context: Deutsche Boerse AG, NYSE Euronext_
4. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union_
5. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
6. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union_
7. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union_
8. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [European Union leaders gather in Rome to mark 60 years since the Treaty of Rome was signed. ](/news/2017/03/25/european-union-leaders-gather-in-rome-to-mark-60-years-since-the-treaty-of-rome-was-signed.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: European Union_
