### [2011-10-4](/news/2011/10/4/index.md)

# The Pacific islands of Tuvalu and Tokelau declare a state of emergency due to a lack of drinking water caused by low rainfall. 

Tokelau, a tiny Pacific archipelago administered by New Zealand, has joined neighbouring Tuvalu in declaring a state of emergency, saying it has only a few days&#039; drinking water left.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/australiaandthepacific/newzealand/8805520/Second-Pacific-island-running-out-of-drinking-water.html)

### Related:

1. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean, state of emergency_
2. [ A state of emergency is announced in Samoa and American Samoa as South Pacific cyclones Olaf and Nancy make landfall on Savai'i. ](/news/2005/02/15/a-state-of-emergency-is-announced-in-samoa-and-american-samoa-as-south-pacific-cyclones-olaf-and-nancy-make-landfall-on-savai-i.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean, state of emergency_
3. [The La Tuna fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: state of emergency_
4. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: state of emergency_
5. [The wreckage of the Indianapolis 6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i-58-and-sunk-in-1945-after-delivering-p.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
6. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
7. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: state of emergency_
8. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: state of emergency_
9. [A 5.7 magnitude earthquake strikes 250 kilometers (155 miles) northwest of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu. No immediate report of damages or injuries; no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-5-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-250-kilometers-155-miles-northwest-of-the-pacific-island-nation-of-vanuatu-no-immediate-report-of-dama.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean_
10. [The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year's attempted coup for another three months. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-to-extend-a-state-of-emergency-imposed-after-last-year-s-attempted-coup-for-another-three-months.md) _Context: state of emergency_
