### [2011-10-4](/news/2011/10/4/index.md)

# Voters in the US state of West Virginia go to the polls for a gubernatorial special election with acting Governor, Democrat Earl Ray Tomblin, being elected as Governor of West Virginia. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2011/10/03/west-virginia-gubernatorial-election-in-national-spotlight/)
2. [Charleston Gazette](http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201110042458)

### Related:

1. [West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin declares a state of emergency for 100,000 West Virginia American Water customers in five counties (Boone, Lincoln, Kanawha, Jackson, and Putnam) because of a spill of 4-methylcyclohexanemethanol into the Elk River. ](/news/2014/01/9/west-virginia-governor-earl-ray-tomblin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-100-000-west-virginia-american-water-customers-in-five-counties-b.md) _Context: Earl Ray Tomblin, West Virginia_
2. [Death of oldest, longest serving Democratic Robert Byrd of West Virginia, President pro tempore of the United States Senate and the longest serving member its history, dies at age 92 in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/06/28/death-of-oldest-longest-serving-democratic-robert-byrd-of-west-virginia-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-and-the-longest.md) _Context: Democratic, West Virginia_
3. [ Governor of West Virginia Joe Manchin asks for a halt in coal mining following two more coal mining deaths in the state that saw fourteen people die in coal mining disasters in January. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/US/02/01/mine.close/index.html (CNN)].](/news/2006/02/1/governor-of-west-virginia-joe-manchin-asks-for-a-halt-in-coal-mining-following-two-more-coal-mining-deaths-in-the-state-that-saw-fourteen-p.md) _Context: Governor of West Virginia, West Virginia_
4. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic_
6. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [In Democratic  Party congressional leadership elections, U.S. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is re-elected, holding off the challenge by Tim Ryan. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is also re-elected.   Current caucus vice chair Joseph Crowley takes the caucus chairmanship. Linda Sanchez, in a three-way race, is elected the new vice chair.  ](/news/2016/11/30/in-democratic-party-congressional-leadership-elections-u-s-house-minority-leader-nancy-pelosi-is-re-elected-holding-off-the-challenge-by.md) _Context: Democratic_
