### [2011-02-25](/news/2011/02/25/index.md)

# The Government of Iran advises the International Atomic Energy Agency of serious problems with its Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant. 

Iran told atomic inspectors that it had run into a serious problem at a newly completed nuclear reactor.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/26/world/middleeast/26nuke.html)

### Related:

1. [Iranian government approved a bill to switch country's currency from rial to the more commonly used toman. The bill must be approved by the parliament. ](/news/2016/12/9/iranian-government-approved-a-bill-to-switch-country-s-currency-from-rial-to-the-more-commonly-used-toman-the-bill-must-be-approved-by-the.md) _Context: Iranian government_
2. [Nuclear program of Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
3. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
4. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-internation.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
5. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. ](/news/2015/10/21/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-approves-the-nuclear-deal-between-tehran-and-world-powers-and-orders-it-to-be-implemented-subj.md) _Context: Iranian government_
6. [Negotiations between Iran and Russia regarding the building of two additional nuclear reactors at Iran's Bushehr power plant take place. ](/news/2014/05/22/negotiations-between-iran-and-russia-regarding-the-building-of-two-additional-nuclear-reactors-at-iran-s-bushehr-power-plant-take-place.md) _Context: Bushehr power plant_
7. [Iran's ambassador to Russia says that Russia could build a second reactor at Iran's Bushehr nuclear power plant in exchange for Iranian oil, under an oil-for-goods deal being negotiated that has alarmed the United States. ](/news/2014/02/17/iran-s-ambassador-to-russia-says-that-russia-could-build-a-second-reactor-at-iran-s-bushehr-nuclear-power-plant-in-exchange-for-iranian-oil.md) _Context: Bushehr power plant_
8. [Iranian presidential election:. Candidates hold a third and final televised debate, giving their plans on domestic and foreign policies and also criticizing Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's nuclear and human rights policies. ](/news/2013/06/7/iranian-presidential-election-candidates-hold-a-third-and-final-televised-debate-giving-their-plans-on-domestic-and-foreign-policies-and.md) _Context: Iranian government_
9. [Ali Asghar Soltanieh, Iran's Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), says the agency's latest report verifies that Iran is having "technical and scientific success in its peaceful nuclear activities" and that this is "an important message to the whole world". ](/news/2013/06/3/ali-asghar-soltanieh-iran-s-ambassador-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-says-the-agency-s-latest-report-verifies-that-iran.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
