### [2003-06-5](/news/2003/06/5/index.md)

#  A United Nations war crimes tribunal charges President Charles Taylor of Liberia with war crimes for masterminding atrocities in the Sierra Leone civil war.




### Related:

1. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone, United Nations_
2. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone, United Nations_
3. [ The war crimes trial of former President of Liberia Charles G. Taylor at the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone begins at The Hague. ](/news/2007/06/4/the-war-crimes-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-g-taylor-at-the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-begins-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, United Nations, war crimes_
4. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is captured after disappearing in Nigeria and is extradited to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/29/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-is-captured-after-disappearing-in-nigeria-and-is-extradited-to-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
5. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor disappears after Nigeria agrees to extradite him to face war crime charges in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/28/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-disappears-after-nigeria-agrees-to-extradite-him-to-face-war-crime-charges-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
6. [ Liberian crisis: President Charles Taylor resigns as Nigerian peacekeepers entered Liberia. Taylor names his vice president, Moses Blah, as his successor. Peacekeepers intercepted an arms shipment to Liberia from Libya. Taylor, who is indicted for war crimes, indicates that he will seek political asylum in Nigeria.](/news/2003/08/7/liberian-crisis-president-charles-taylor-resigns-as-nigerian-peacekeepers-entered-liberia-taylor-names-his-vice-president-moses-blah-as.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, war crimes_
7. [ The United Nations authorizes an international peacekeeping force for Liberia. The United States is criticized by members of the Security Council for insisting that UN peacekeepers serving in Liberia be granted immunity from war crimes prosecution. The U.S. demand is described by its critics as a breach of international law.](/news/2003/08/2/the-united-nations-authorizes-an-international-peacekeeping-force-for-liberia-the-united-states-is-criticized-by-members-of-the-security-c.md) _Context: Liberia, United Nations, war crimes_
8. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
9. [United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-will-end-for-travelers-from-liberia-to-five-u-s-airports-effective-september.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
10. [The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west-africa-guinea-liberia-and-sierra.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
