### [2003-06-5](/news/2003/06/5/index.md)

#  For the first time in more than two months, no new deaths were reported yesterday from SARS, the latest indication that the epidemic is subsiding, the World Health Organization said.




### Related:

1. [ Taiwan is the last territory to be declared free of SARS by the World Health Organization, after 20 days with no new cases reported. ](/news/2003/07/5/taiwan-is-the-last-territory-to-be-declared-free-of-sars-by-the-world-health-organization-after-20-days-with-no-new-cases-reported.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
2. [ The World Health Organization holds a meeting in Toronto regarding SARS.](/news/2003/04/30/the-world-health-organization-holds-a-meeting-in-toronto-regarding-sars.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
3. [ The World Health Organization announces that SARS has peaked in all affected countries except the People's Republic of China. These countries include Canada, Singapore, and Vietnam, as well as Hong Kong.[http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20030428.wsars0428/BNStory/International ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/28/the-world-health-organization-announces-that-sars-has-peaked-in-all-affected-countries-except-the-people-s-republic-of-china-these-countri.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
4. [ SARS is made only the fourth disease, after plague, yellow fever, and cholera, that countries are required to report to the World Health Organization.](/news/2003/04/28/sars-is-made-only-the-fourth-disease-after-plague-yellow-fever-and-cholera-that-countries-are-required-to-report-to-the-world-health-or.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
5. [ Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome: Dr. Carlo Urbani, a WHO expert on communicable diseases and the physician who first identified the outbreak, dies of the disease in Thailand. He had been infected in Vietnam.](/news/2003/03/29/severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-dr-carlo-urbani-a-who-expert-on-communicable-diseases-and-the-physician-who-first-identified-the-outbr.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
6. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethiopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethiopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-inter.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
