### [2005-06-18](/news/2005/06/18/index.md)

#  In Canada, the rain died down and the state of emergency came to an end. With one evening of pounding rain, hail and cold temperatures, the Elbow River spilled over the dam for the first time. Again the low-lying areas of Calgary, AB were evacuated, the town of Bragg Creek, the towns of High River and Okotoks, and the small town of Sundre were all evacuated.




### Related:

1. [ In Canada, after 5 days of non-stop rain, the city of Calgary, AB is under its first local state of emergency. The Elbow River has risen to an extreme high and the town of Bragg Creek, just west of the city, is totally evacuated. This would be the first of 3 waves of major flooding.](/news/2005/06/13/in-canada-after-5-days-of-non-stop-rain-the-city-of-calgary-ab-is-under-its-first-local-state-of-emergency-the-elbow-river-has-risen-to.md) _Context: Bragg Creek, Calgary, AB, Canada, Elbow River_
2. [ In Canada, after 2 straight days of rain, the city of Calgary, AB is under another state of emergency ands now the Elbow River is now flowing steadily over the Glenmore Dam. The towns of Bragg Creek, High River, Sundre, Okotoks, Drumheller, and Cochrane have to be evacuated. The low lying area of Calgary also have to be evacuated. This wave of floods is the last of the floods and the damage of the floods is almost incalculable.](/news/2005/06/21/in-canada-after-2-straight-days-of-rain-the-city-of-calgary-ab-is-under-another-state-of-emergency-ands-now-the-elbow-river-is-now-flowi.md) _Context: Bragg Creek, Calgary, AB, Canada_
3. [Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
4. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada_
5. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
6. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
7. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Canada_
