### [2012-10-30](/news/2012/10/30/index.md)

# A suburban Chicago woman, Elzbieta Plackowska, 40, of Naperville, Illinois, is held without bail after allegedly fatally stabbing her 7-year-old son, Justin, Tuesday night 100 times, and then killing a 5-year-old girl, Olivia Dworakowski, who she had been babysitting and who had witnessed the homicide. She told investigators she did it because she was angry with her husband, a truck driver who was often away, leaving her to do work as a maid and care for the child, work that supposedly was beneath her, according to DuPage County, Illinois State's Attorney Robert Berlin. 

A suburban Chicago woman stabbed her 7-year-old son 100 times then turned the knife on a 5-year-old girl who witnessed the attack, killing both children


### Source:

1. [Peoria Journal Star](http://www.pjstar.com/free/x470415728/Prosecutor-Suburban-Chicago-woman-stabbed-son-100-times)

### Related:

1. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Chicago_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago_
3. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: Chicago_
4. [The Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical architecture is awarded to Robert Adam in Chicago. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-driehaus-architecture-prize-for-new-classical-architecture-is-awarded-to-robert-adam-in-chicago.md) _Context: Chicago_
5. [Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves-torturing-and-scalping-a-bound.md) _Context: Chicago_
6. [An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international-airport-seven-passengers-and-one-fl.md) _Context: Chicago_
7. [Barack Obama chooses his home city of Chicago for his presidential library. ](/news/2016/07/27/barack-obama-chooses-his-home-city-of-chicago-for-his-presidential-library.md) _Context: Chicago_
8. [A study by researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago, reports 26 percent of cancer patients can't afford to pay for their treatment, and 18 percent can't afford their prescriptions. ](/news/2016/06/3/a-study-by-researchers-at-the-university-of-north-carolina-at-chapel-hill-presented-at-the-american-society-of-clinical-oncology-meeting-in.md) _Context: Chicago_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Chicago_
10. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Chicago_
