### [2012-10-30](/news/2012/10/30/index.md)

# Groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch urge Qatar to release Mohammed al-Ajami, the poet held since last year on charges of "inciting to overthrow the ruling system" and "insulting the emir". 

Human rights groups urge Qatar to free a poet detained on charges of &quot;inciting to overthrow the ruling system&quot; and &quot;insulting the emir&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20135226)

### Related:

1. [President of FIFA Gianni Infantino says a new independent committee will be set up to monitor working conditions at Qatar's 2022 World Cup venues. The move is an attempt by the world football's governing body to ease fears of human rights abuses in the state, where organizations like Amnesty International documented multiple cases of poor working conditions and abuses against migrant workers. ](/news/2016/04/22/president-of-fifa-gianni-infantino-says-a-new-independent-committee-will-be-set-up-to-monitor-working-conditions-at-qatar-s-2022-world-cup-v.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Qatar_
2. [Qatari author Mohammed al-Ajami is given a life sentence for a poem insulting emir Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani. ](/news/2012/11/30/qatari-author-mohammed-al-ajami-is-given-a-life-sentence-for-a-poem-insulting-emir-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani.md) _Context: Mohammed al-Ajami, Qatar_
3. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
4. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
5. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
6. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
7. [ Amnesty International criticizes a Saudi court decision to impose the death sentence on 15 people in a case involving 32 people including 30 Saudis, one Iranian and one Afghan national in an alleged Iranian spy cell. ](/news/2016/12/6/amnesty-international-criticizes-a-saudi-court-decision-to-impose-the-death-sentence-on-15-people-in-a-case-involving-32-people-including-3.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [Amnesty International reports Nigerian security forces have killed more 150 pro-Biafra demonstrators since August 2015. ](/news/2016/11/24/amnesty-international-reports-nigerian-security-forces-have-killed-more-150-pro-biafra-demonstrators-since-august-2015.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
10. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
