### [2011-12-3](/news/2011/12/3/index.md)

# Herman Cain announces that he will suspend his campaign for Republican nomination in the United States presidential election following a series of sexual harassment and other misconduct allegations. 




### Source:

1. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57336185-503544/herman-cain-drops-white-house-bid/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. businessman Herman Cain announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party nomination in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2011/05/21/u-s-businessman-herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-nomination-in-the-2012-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: Herman Cain, United States presidential election, 2012, his campaign, nomination_
2. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: R, United States, United States presidential election, 2012_
3. [Republican Party candidates for the nomination in the 2012 United States presidential election hold their first debate in Greenville, South Carolina. ](/news/2011/05/5/republican-party-candidates-for-the-nomination-in-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-hold-their-first-debate-in-greenville-south.md) _Context: R, United States presidential election, 2012, nomination_
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: R, United States_
5. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: R, United States_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: R, United States_
7. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: R, United States_
8. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: R, United States_
9. [United States "fiscal cliff" debate:The White House reaches an agreement with congressional Republicans on a "fiscal cliff" deal. ](/news/2012/12/31/united-states-fiscal-cliff-debate-pthe-white-house-reaches-an-agreement-with-congressional-republicans-on-a-fiscal-cliff-deal.md) _Context: R, United States_
10. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a presidential election. ](/news/2012/11/6/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election.md) _Context: United States, United States presidential election, 2012_
