### [2011-02-23](/news/2011/02/23/index.md)

# Stock markets in the United States and Europe fall due to uncertainty in the Middle East and rising oil prices. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-02-23/euro-won-gain-on-outlook-for-rates-as-oil-rises-asian-stocks-fluctuate.html)

### Related:

1. [Stock markets in Asia and Australia continue falls from Europe and the United States. ](/news/2011/08/5/stock-markets-in-asia-and-australia-continue-falls-from-europe-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Europe, United States, stock market_
2. [Crude oil prices rise to their highest levels in two years as stock market indexes fall in Europe and the United States due to continued uncertainty in the Middle East. ](/news/2011/02/28/crude-oil-prices-rise-to-their-highest-levels-in-two-years-as-stock-market-indexes-fall-in-europe-and-the-united-states-due-to-continued-unc.md) _Context: Europe, United States, stock market_
3. [International stock markets slump in value in Asia, Europe and North America due to speculation brought about by comments from the Federal Reserve System of the United States. ](/news/2010/08/11/international-stock-markets-slump-in-value-in-asia-europe-and-north-america-due-to-speculation-brought-about-by-comments-from-the-federal-r.md) _Context: Europe, United States, stock market_
4. [NATO-Russia relations. Cold War II. U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia-s expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/nato-russia-relations-cold-war-ii-u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-say.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
5. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Middle East, United States_
6. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joi.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
7. [A team of scientists from the United States and Europe are predicting that declining snowpacks on mountain ranges could lead to Northern Hemisphere water shortages by the year 2060. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-team-of-scientists-from-the-united-states-and-europe-are-predicting-that-declining-snowpacks-on-mountain-ranges-could-lead-to-northern-hem.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
8. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Europe, Middle East_
9. [Ireland becomes the first European nation to be allowed to export beef to the United States since the mad cow disease scare 15 years ago. ](/news/2015/01/5/ireland-becomes-the-first-european-nation-to-be-allowed-to-export-beef-to-the-united-states-since-the-mad-cow-disease-scare-15-years-ago.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
10. [A solar eclipse sweeps across Africa, Europe and the Eastern United States. ](/news/2013/11/3/a-solar-eclipse-sweeps-across-africa-europe-and-the-eastern-united-states.md) _Context: Europe, United States_
