### [2011-02-23](/news/2011/02/23/index.md)

# The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hU8Sh-tH6n2ZmbyXJbaOonW1WPjg?docId=CNG.867dcb3d94702f9df32e0fdbe6185a98.3f1)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. ](/news/2009/05/30/north-korea-launches-its-sixth-ballistic-missile-despite-the-united-nations-security-council-s-possible-international-sanctions.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic, sanctions_
2. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [The People's Republic of China urges North Korea to abide by a United Nations Security Council resolution that bans the North from conducting ballistic missile tests, two days after Pyongyang claimed it conducted a test from a submarine. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-urges-north-korea-to-abide-by-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-bans-the-north-from-conductin.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: China, North Korea, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes to impose further sanctions on North Korea, following recent nuclear and missile tests. ](/news/2009/06/12/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-to-impose-further-sanctions-on-north-korea-following-recent-nuclear-and-missile-test.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, sanctions_
8. [ China announces the resumption of the stalled six-party talks to find a peaceful resolution to concerns about North Korean nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2006/10/31/china-announces-the-resumption-of-the-stalled-six-party-talks-to-find-a-peaceful-resolution-to-concerns-about-north-korean-nuclear-weapons.md) _Context: China, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [ The United States is encouraging a vote on a United Nations resolution, which currently would impose an arms embargo and freezing of North Korean funds connected to North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs, despite opposition from the People's Republic of China, which has veto power. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-united-states-is-encouraging-a-vote-on-a-united-nations-resolution-which-currently-would-impose-an-arms-embargo-and-freezing-of-north.md) _Context: China, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [ Japan circulates a new United Nations Security Council draft resolution including the threat of sanctions against North Korea. ](/news/2006/07/7/japan-circulates-a-new-united-nations-security-council-draft-resolution-including-the-threat-of-sanctions-against-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations Security Council, sanctions_
