### [2012-10-24](/news/2012/10/24/index.md)

# After years of delays and disputes over cost and design, and amid references in newspapers to Germany's rejection of asylum applications by Roma from Kosovo and comments from the country's interior minister alleging "increasing abuse of asylum from countries in the Balkans", Angela Merkel unveils a memorial near the Reichstag to members of the Roma community killed during the Nazi Holocaust. 

German Chancellor Angela Merkel opens a monument in Berlin commemorating the Roma victims of the Nazi Holocaust.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20050780)

### Related:

1. [Death and funeral of Helmut Kohl: World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/death-and-funeral-of-helmut-kohl-world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
2. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
3. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
4. [Kosovan parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/kosovan-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-m.md) _Context: Kosovo_
5. [China-Germany relations: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and German Chancellor Angela Merkel vow to expand their partnership in combating global climate change. ](/news/2017/06/1/china-germany-relations-chinese-premier-li-keqiang-and-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-vow-to-expand-their-partnership-in-combating-globa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
6. [German federal election, 2017: In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/german-federal-election-2017-in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
7. [North Rhine-Westphalia state election, 2017: Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-rhine-westphalia-state-election-2017-voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesti.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
8. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
9. [Kosovo-Serbia relations: Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: Kosovo_
10. [War in Donbass: German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Angela Merkel_
