### [2012-10-24](/news/2012/10/24/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: The UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi states in Cairo that the Syrian government has agreed to a ceasefire during the four-day Muslim holiday, Eid al-Adha. 

Bashar al-Assad&#039;s government has agreed to a ceasefire in Syria during the four-day Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, according to peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/9630086/Syrian-government-agrees-to-four-day-ceasefire.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: The Syrian government announces via its state media that it will suspend military operations from Friday to Monday, during this year's Muslim Eid al-Adha holiday, as part of a ceasefire proposal by U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi. ](/news/2012/10/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-announces-via-its-state-media-that-it-will-suspend-military-operations-from-friday-to-monday-during.md) _Context: Eid al-Adha, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war: UN and Arab League special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi meets with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Damascus in an attempt to push for a temporary ceasefire during next week's Eid al-Adha holiday. ](/news/2012/10/20/syrian-civil-war-un-and-arab-league-special-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-meets-with-syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-in-damascus-in-an-attemp.md) _Context: Eid al-Adha, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-syrian-army-lifts-the-28-month-long-siege-of-deir-ez-zor-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
