### [2004-02-17](/news/2004/02/17/index.md)

#  A study published in the latest issue of the "Journal of the American Medical Association" suggests breast cancer is linked to the use of antibiotics. 

Study of thousands of American women finds that frequent use of antibiotics is linked to increased risk of breast cancer; finds that those who took drugs most often had twice risk of disease; co-authors Dr John D Potter and Christine M Velicer call for more research; earlier study in Finland drew similar conclusion (M)


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/02/17/health/17CANC.html)
2. [Tucson Citizen](http://www.tucsoncitizen.com/index.php?page=national&story_id=021703a1_antibiotics)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. ](/news/2017/07/15/maryam-mirzakhani-the-first-woman-and-first-iranian-to-win-the-fields-medal-in-mathematics-dies-at-40-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
2. [Researchers at the United States Department of Defense report, in the journal "Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy", the discovery in the United States of a strain of "E. coli" that includes the new gene MCR-1, which is resistant to colistin, a last-resort antibiotic. ](/news/2016/05/26/researchers-at-the-united-states-department-of-defense-report-in-the-journal-antimicrobial-agents-and-chemotherapy-the-discovery-in-the.md) _Context: antibiotic_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: breast cancer_
4. [A study published in "JAMA: The Journal of the American Medical Association" reports children with simple appendicitis who started with antibiotic treatment instead of immediate surgery, often recovered without ever needing surgery. They also had a shorter recovery and a smaller healthcare bill. ](/news/2015/12/16/a-study-published-in-jama-the-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-reports-children-with-simple-appendicitis-who-started-with-anti.md) _Context: antibiotic_
5. [The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-american-medical-association-urges-congress-and-or-the-fda-to-ban-direct-to-consumer-advertising-of-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devic.md) _Context: American Medical Association_
6. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: breast cancer_
7. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
8. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: breast cancer_
9. [A study released by the University of California, San Diego shows that vitamin D increases the chances of survival in patients suffering from breast cancer. ](/news/2014/03/7/a-study-released-by-the-university-of-california-san-diego-shows-that-vitamin-d-increases-the-chances-of-survival-in-patients-suffering-fro.md) _Context: breast cancer_
10. [American actress Angelina Jolie announces that she underwent an elective double mastectomy due to her family history of lethal cases of breast cancer. ](/news/2013/05/14/american-actress-angelina-jolie-announces-that-she-underwent-an-elective-double-mastectomy-due-to-her-family-history-of-lethal-cases-of-brea.md) _Context: breast cancer_
