### [2004-02-17](/news/2004/02/17/index.md)

#  Cardinal Walter Kasper, head of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of Christian Unity, a top Vatican official arrives in Moscow for sensitive talks with the Russian Orthodox hierarchy, which accuses the Catholic Church of aggressive proselytizing in traditionally Orthodox lands. 




### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/international/AP-Russia-Vatican.html)
2. [Russian Orthodox Church](http://www.mospat.ru/text/e--news/id/6388.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
2. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
3. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, "Laudato si"'. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-text.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
4. [Pope Francis, in the most significant reform of the Roman Curia in 25 years, creates a second Secretariat, for Economic Affairs, headed by a Cardinal (which will work with the Vatican Secretariat of State, the reformed Vatican bank, or IOR, and the other economic departments of the Roman Curia), which will have an office with the power to audit any Vatican agency at any time. ](/news/2014/02/24/pope-francis-in-the-most-significant-reform-of-the-roman-curia-in-25-years-creates-a-second-secretariat-for-economic-affairs-headed-by-a.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
5. [Pope Francis, in his first major action on the still very pressing issue, gives his assent during meetings on reform of the Roman Curia to the creation of a permanent expert-member Pontifical Commission which would advise the Catholic Church on how to deal with cases of the sin and crime of sex abuse of minors by those in Church ministries (as of now, it would not be able to take corrective action against lax Bishops; dioceses and then the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are in charge of laicizing abusive clerics). ](/news/2013/12/5/pope-francis-in-his-first-major-action-on-the-still-very-pressing-issue-gives-his-assent-during-meetings-on-reform-of-the-roman-curia-to-t.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
6. [Russian Orthodox patriarch Kirill says the church is stronger than its critics after a series of scandals. ](/news/2012/04/15/russian-orthodox-patriarch-kirill-says-the-church-is-stronger-than-its-critics-after-a-series-of-scandals.md) _Context: Orthodox_
7. [ 39-year-old Russian Orthodox priest Father Alexander Filippov is fatally shot in the back outside his home in Satino-Russkoye after challenging a group of drunks who were urinating in his hallway. ](/news/2009/12/23/39-year-old-russian-orthodox-priest-father-alexander-filippov-is-fatally-shot-in-the-back-outside-his-home-in-satino-russkoye-after-challen.md) _Context: Orthodox_
8. [ The Vatican announces that it has taken the unusual step of suspending the announced beatification of the Reverend Leon Dehon in order to investigate charges of anti-Semitism. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-vatican-announces-that-it-has-taken-the-unusual-step-of-suspending-the-announced-beatification-of-the-reverend-leon-dehon-in-order-to-i.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
9. [ Pope John Paul II is on the verge of death as a result of his recent health problems. The Vatican announces that the pope has suffered cardiovascular collapse and septic shock. ](/news/2005/04/1/pope-john-paul-ii-is-on-the-verge-of-death-as-a-result-of-his-recent-health-problems-the-vatican-announces-that-the-pope-has-suffered-card.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
10. [ Pope John Paul II's medical condition is "evolving positively", but the Vatican says the 84-year-old pontiff will remain in hospital for another week. However, there is still concern over the pontiff's continuing fever, which some medical experts fear could be a sign of pneumonia. ](/news/2005/02/3/pope-john-paul-ii-s-medical-condition-is-evolving-positively-but-the-vatican-says-the-84-year-old-pontiff-will-remain-in-hospital-for-an.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
