### [2004-02-17](/news/2004/02/17/index.md)

#  Democratic presidential nomination: Wisconsin held its primary election. John Kerry got 40% of the vote, followed by John Edwards with 34%, and Howard Dean with 18%.




### Related:

1. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry_
2. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry_
3. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry_
4. [ Howard Dean officially ends his campaign for President of the United States, after placing a distant third in the Wisconsin primary elections of February 17, 2004. ""I am no longer actively pursuing the presidency,"" he announced.](/news/2004/02/18/howard-dean-officially-ends-his-campaign-for-president-of-the-united-states-after-placing-a-distant-third-in-the-wisconsin-primary-electio.md) _Context: Howard Dean, Wisconsin, primary election_
5. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry_
6. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Wisconsin, primary election_
7. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: Wisconsin, primary election_
8. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: John Edwards, John Kerry_
9. [ U.S. Presidential Election, 2004: In the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, Senator John Kerry wins the caucuses in Michigan and Washington.](/news/2004/02/7/u-s-presidential-election-2004-in-the-race-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-caucuses-in-michigan.md) _Context: Democratic presidential nomination, John Kerry_
10. [ Democratic Presidential Primaries: Howard Dean tells his supporters that he must win the Wisconsin Democratic primary in order to stay in the Democratic presidential race.](/news/2004/02/6/democratic-presidential-primaries-howard-dean-tells-his-supporters-that-he-must-win-the-wisconsin-democratic-primary-in-order-to-stay-in-t.md) _Context: Howard Dean, Wisconsin_
