### [2004-02-17](/news/2004/02/17/index.md)

#  The US FAA announces it will attempt to require a fuel tank inerting system in most large airliners in an effort to prevent fuel tank explosions such as the one which apparently destroyed TWA Flight 800 in 1996. The order could take two years to complete and then would require a retrofit of about 3,800 large Boeing and Airbus jets over the next seven years. 

Breaking News, data &amp; opinions in business, sports, entertainment, travel, lifestyle, plus much more. Newsday.com is the leading news source for Long Island &amp; NYC.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/02/17/politics/17CND-FUEL.html?ex=1077685200&en=a6919999ea77849f&ei=5062&partner=GOOGLE)
2. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/business/ny-faa-release,0,5969466.story?coll=ny-business-headlines)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers. ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
2. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
3. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
4. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
5. [Three aircraft, a Southwest Airlines 737, a Virgin America A319, and a private plane, were all struck by a laser coming from the same direction as they were about to land at Dallas's Love Field, according to the U.S. FAA. ](/news/2015/11/11/three-aircraft-a-southwest-airlines-737-a-virgin-america-a319-and-a-private-plane-were-all-struck-by-a-laser-coming-from-the-same-direct.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
6. [U.S. District Judge Gary Feinerman sentences a Federal Aviation Administration contractor, Brian Howard, to 12 years in prison for willfully destroying a Chicago-area air navigation facility using a September 26, 2014, fire which caused $100 million in damage. ](/news/2015/09/11/u-s-district-judge-gary-feinerman-sentences-a-federal-aviation-administration-contractor-brian-howard-to-12-years-in-prison-for-willfully.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
7. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
8. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. ](/news/2014/07/24/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-lifts-its-ban-on-aircraft-travelling-to-and-from-israel-imposed-due-to-concerns-about-hama.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
9. [A ground stop is issued by the Federal Aviation Administration for multiple airports in Southern California due to a computer issue. ](/news/2014/04/30/a-ground-stop-is-issued-by-the-federal-aviation-administration-for-multiple-airports-in-southern-california-due-to-a-computer-issue.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
10. [The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) begins an investigation into a 6:30 AM EST crash of a small plane that caught fire in Taunton, Massachusetts, that is believed to have killed two people. ](/news/2013/08/25/the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration-faa-begins-an-investigation-into-a-6-30-am-est-crash-of-a-small-plane-that-caught-fire-in-taunton.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration_
