### [2017-09-8](/news/2017/09/8/index.md)

# The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. 

The son of a Russian lawmaker accused of stealing credit card data and other personal information has pleaded guilty in two criminal cases stemming from a probe into a $50 million online identity theft scheme, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-russia/son-of-russian-lawmaker-pleads-guilty-in-cyber-crime-cases-idUSKCN1BJ2NW)
2. [Sputnik](https://sputniknews.com/us/201709081057230531-russian-seleznev-guilty/)

### Related:

1. [More than 143 million people in the U.S. may have had their social security and driver's license numbers compromised due to a data breach on the credit rating firm Equifax. ](/news/2017/09/7/more-than-143-million-people-in-the-u-s-may-have-had-their-social-security-and-driver-s-license-numbers-compromised-due-to-a-data-breach-on.md) _Context: Identity theft in the United States_
2. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
4. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
5. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
6. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
7. [Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-denies-the-justice-department-s-request-to-stay-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
8. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [ The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger-i.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
10. [Yahoo! announces that ID information about more than 1 billion accounts may have been hacked in August 2013. This is separate from the company's earlier disclosure of a data breach of 500,000 accounts in 2014. ](/news/2016/12/14/yahoo-announces-that-id-information-about-more-than-1-billion-accounts-may-have-been-hacked-in-august-2013-this-is-separate-from-the-compa.md) _Context: hacking crimes_
