### [2004-09-7](/news/2004/09/7/index.md)

#  Hurricane Frances, now downgraded to a tropical depression, dumps up to 5&nbsp;inches (127 mm) of rain on Georgia. At least nine deaths in Florida, two deaths in the Bahamas, and one death in Georgia are blamed on the storm. Damage estimates range widely from US$2 to US$15 billion. NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building was heavily damaged by the storm. 

The director of the hurricane-ravaged Kennedy Space Center offers little hope for an on-time return to flight for NASA&#39;s shuttle fleet.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/space/09/06/nasa.frances.cnn/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WEATHER/09/07/hurricane.ivan.grenada.ap/index.html)
3. [MSNBC](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/5926976/)
3. [Cover Image](http://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/040907/040907_kennedy_space_vlg2p.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Frances, a Category Two Hurricane, moves across Florida. Insurance claims for damages are estimated to be between USD 2 and 10 billion. At least two deaths are attributed to Frances in the Bahamas, and one in Gainesville, Florida. ](/news/2004/09/5/hurricane-frances-a-category-two-hurricane-moves-across-florida-insurance-claims-for-damages-are-estimated-to-be-between-usd-2-and-10-bi.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida, Hurricane Frances_
2. [ 2.5 million Florida residents are ordered to evacuate their homes in preparation for Hurricane Frances, which has already hit the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands. Frances is currently a strong Category Two Hurricane, and will be very near the east coast of Florida by late tonight or early next morning. ](/news/2004/09/4/2-5-million-florida-residents-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-in-preparation-for-hurricane-frances-which-has-already-hit-the-bahamas-a.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida, Hurricane Frances_
3. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Bahamas, Florida_
4. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
5. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
6. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
7. [Tropical Storm Beryl makes landfall near the US city of Jacksonville with northern Florida and southern Georgia. ](/news/2012/05/27/tropical-storm-beryl-makes-landfall-near-the-us-city-of-jacksonville-with-northern-florida-and-southern-georgia.md) _Context: Florida, Georgia_
8. [NASA's Space Shuttle "Endeavour" successfully launches from the Kennedy Space Center in the U.S. state of Florida on its final mission. ](/news/2011/05/16/nasa-s-space-shuttle-endeavour-successfully-launches-from-the-kennedy-space-center-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-on-its-final-mission.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
9. [ Ares I-X, the first test article for NASA's Ares I rocket, launches successfully from Launch Complex 39B at Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a sub-orbital test flight. ](/news/2009/10/28/ares-i-x-the-first-test-article-for-nasa-s-ares-i-rocket-launches-successfully-from-launch-complex-39b-at-kennedy-space-center-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
10. [ NASA launches its Kepler spacecraft from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2009/03/7/nasa-launches-its-kepler-spacecraft-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
