### [2017-09-5](/news/2017/09/5/index.md)

# Hurricane Irma strengthens to the status of a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/capital-weather-gang/wp/2017/09/04/its-becoming-more-likely-hurricane-irma-will-at-least-affect-u-s-if-not-make-landfall/?utm_term=.6664d8fa7d12)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
2. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
3. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
5. [Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/tropical-depression-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthens-into-a-tropical-depression-an.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [A ten-year-old boy dies from injuries sustained during Tropical Storm Cindy in Fort Morgan, Alabama. ](/news/2017/06/21/a-ten-year-old-boy-dies-from-injuries-sustained-during-tropical-storm-cindy-in-fort-morgan-alabama.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [Tropical Storm Cindy makes its way towards the eastern coasts of the Southern United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/tropical-storm-cindy-makes-its-way-towards-the-eastern-coasts-of-the-southern-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-fo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
