### [2017-09-5](/news/2017/09/5/index.md)

# More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. 

More than 35,000 new arrivals have been identified in 24 hours, the United Nations says.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-41158703)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-myanmar-rohingya-suukyi/myanmars-suu-kyi-under-pressure-as-almost-125000-rohingya-flee-violence-idUSKCN1BG0MY)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh accuses the Myanmar Army of laying landmines on the border between both countries to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya refugees. Myanmar denies the Bangladeshi claims. ](/news/2017/09/6/bangladesh-accuses-the-myanmar-army-of-laying-landmines-on-the-border-between-both-countries-to-prevent-the-return-of-fleeing-rohingya-refug.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Myanmar Army, Rohingya_
2. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya_
3. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya_
4. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes, Myanmar, Rohingya_
5. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Myanmar, Rohingya_
6. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Myanmar, Rohingya_
7. [ Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-as.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar, Rohingya_
8. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rohingya_
9. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rohingya_
10. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
