### [2017-09-5](/news/2017/09/5/index.md)

# Tainan mayor William Lai is appointed as the new Premier by the President of the Republic of China Tsai Ing-wen 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/A/AS_TAIWAN_POLITICS?)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: President, Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
2. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: President, Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
3. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
4. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: President, Tsai Ing-wen_
5. [Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-wen refutes accusations that she would have interpreted the 1992 consensus differently. ](/news/2016/07/25/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-refutes-accusations-that-she-would-have-interpreted-the-1992-consensus-differently.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
6. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
7. [Tsai Ing-wen is sworn in as the first female President of Taiwan. ](/news/2016/05/20/tsai-ing-wen-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan.md) _Context: President, Tsai Ing-wen_
8. [China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast-just-days-before-the-i.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen, the Republic of China_
9. [The death toll from yesterday's earthquake in Taiwan rises to at least 29, with at least 120 trapped under collapsed buildings in Tainan, while 198 people have been rescued. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-earthquake-in-taiwan-rises-to-at-least-29-with-at-least-120-trapped-under-collapsed-buildings-in-tainan-wh.md) _Context: Tainan, the Republic of China_
10. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: President, the Republic of China_
