### [2017-09-5](/news/2017/09/5/index.md)

# The Syrian Army lifts the 28-month-long siege of Deir ez-Zor by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 

Some 93,000 civilians were trapped there for years, leaving them dependent on aid air drops.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://bbcspain.localizer.co/news/world-middle-east-41162683)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria/syrian-army-allies-break-islamic-state-siege-in-eastern-city-idUSKCN1BG1G6)

### Related:

1. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Siege of Deir ez-Zor (2014-17), Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that scores of Syrian Army troops have been killed in fighting with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant over the past few days with the fiercest battles near the city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-scores-of-syrian-army-troops-have-been-killed-in-fighting-with-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [ISIL's third attack against the Syrian government's forces in the city of Deir ez-Zor reportedly splits the government held area in two. An estimated 14,000 ISIL fighters are participating in the attack according to the government. ](/news/2017/01/16/isil-s-third-attack-against-the-syrian-government-s-forces-in-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-reportedly-splits-the-government-held-area-in-two-an.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
