### [2013-12-11](/news/2013/12/11/index.md)

# ''Time'' magazine names Pope Francis its Person of the Year. 

The magazine makes its annual pick from a shortlist which this year included Pope Francis, Bashar al Assad and Miley Cyrus.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1180799/pope-francis-named-time-person-of-the-year)

### Related:

1. [Angela Merkel is named as ''Time'''s Person of the Year. ](/news/2015/12/9/angela-merkel-is-named-as-time-s-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Person of the Year, Time_
2. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Person of the Year, Time_
3. [''Time'' magazine editors announce their list of 38 contenders nominated as the 2012 Time Person of the Year, including Barack Obama, Mitt Romney, Sheldon Adelson, Malala Yousafzai, Sandra Fluke, Felix Baumgartner, Curiosity rover, Bashar Assad, Mohamed Morsi, Psy, Pussy Riot, Higgs boson, Michael Phelps, and others.  The winner of the people's choice will be announced on 14 December. ](/news/2012/11/30/time-magazine-editors-announce-their-list-of-38-contenders-nominated-as-the-2012-time-person-of-the-year-including-barack-obama-mitt-r.md) _Context: Person of the Year, Time_
4. [''Time'' names "The Protester" the magazine's 2011 Person of the Year, as a result of the Arab Spring and subsequent movements. ](/news/2011/12/14/time-names-the-protester-the-magazine-s-2011-person-of-the-year-as-a-result-of-the-arab-spring-and-subsequent-movements.md) _Context: Person of the Year, Time_
5. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Time_
10. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
