### [2015-09-23](/news/2015/09/23/index.md)

# Egypt pardons al-Jazeera journalists Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed, who have been recently sentenced to three years in prison. 

Al Jazeera journalists Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed are released from prison in Egypt after receiving presidential pardons.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34337595?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian court sentences Al Jazeera journalists Peter Greste, Mohamed Fahmy, and Baher Mohamed each to three years jail for "aiding a terrorist organization" and falsifying news. Greste, who earlier was deported to Australia, was tried in absentia. Mohamed, an Egyptian, was sentenced to an additional six months for possession of a spent bullet casing; Fahmy is a Canadian national. ](/news/2015/08/29/an-egyptian-court-sentences-al-jazeera-journalists-peter-greste-mohamed-fahmy-and-baher-mohamed-each-to-three-years-jail-for-aiding-a-ter.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Egypt, Mohamed Fahmy_
2. [Egypt deports Australian journalist Peter Greste after being jailed with two al-Jazeera colleagues Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed 400 days before. ](/news/2015/02/1/egypt-deports-australian-journalist-peter-greste-after-being-jailed-with-two-al-jazeera-colleagues-mohamed-fahmy-and-baher-mohamed-400-days.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Egypt, Mohamed Fahmy_
3. [A producer of Al Jazeera is arrested in Egypt. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-producer-of-al-jazeera-is-arrested-in-egypt.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Egypt_
4. [An Egyptian court orders the release from prison of Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy in Cairo. ](/news/2015/02/13/an-egyptian-court-orders-the-release-from-prison-of-canadian-journalist-mohamed-fahmy-in-cairo.md) _Context: Egypt, Mohamed Fahmy_
5. [An Egyptian court sentences three al-Jazeera journalists Peter Greste, Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed, accused of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood, to seven years in jail. ](/news/2014/06/23/an-egyptian-court-sentences-three-al-jazeera-journalists-peter-greste-mohammed-fahmy-and-baher-mohamed-accused-of-supporting-the-muslim-br.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Egypt_
6. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
8. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
