### [2015-09-23](/news/2015/09/23/index.md)

# Pope Francis makes his first ever visit to the U.S. and becomes the third Pope to visit the White House. He was received in an official welcome ceremony by President and Mrs. Obama and is scheduled to meet with a bishops' conference of the United States and hold mass and canonize Junipero Serra at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception, near the Catholic University of America. 

The Pope will arrive at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D.C., wearing his regular white attire but will change into vestments to celebrate the United States&#39; first canonization Mass, for Franciscan missionary Junípero Serra, on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/the-pope-at-white-house-climate-change-action-cant-wait/ar-AAeFJwC?li=AAa0dzB&ocid=iehp)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/09/23/politics/pope-francis-washington-visit-updates/index.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/news-event/pope-francis-us-visit?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&module=above-banner-region&region=above-banner-region&WT.nav=above-banner-region)
4. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/apps/g/page/world/what-to-watch-for-at-wednesdays-mass/1827/)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States_
2. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States_
3. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
4. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [Pope Francis  canonizes Jacinta and Francisco Marto, two of the three Ftima children who reported seeing the Virgin Mary in the spring and summer of 1916. The Martos, who died during the post-World War I international influenza pandemic, are the Catholic Church's youngest saints who did not die as martyrs. The other child, Lcia de Jesus dos Santos, survived until 2005, age 97. ](/news/2017/05/13/pope-francis-canonizes-jacinta-and-francisco-marto-two-of-the-three-fatima-children-who-reported-seeing-the-virgin-mary-in-the-spring-and.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Catholics in Portugal converge in a shrine in Fatima for a visit by Pope Francis. ](/news/2017/05/12/catholics-in-portugal-converge-in-a-shrine-in-fatima-for-a-visit-by-pope-francis.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Pope Francis intends to canonize two of the children who had visions at Fatima. ](/news/2017/05/10/pope-francis-intends-to-canonize-two-of-the-children-who-had-visions-at-fatima.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
