### [2012-11-25](/news/2012/11/25/index.md)

# A train hits a van at a level crossing near Rossano, Province of Cosenza, Calabria region, Italy, killing at least six workers from Romania and Bulgaria. 

A train hit a van in southern Italyon Saturday, killing at least six people, the Italian fireservice said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/11/24/world/europe/italy-train-deaths/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/24/italy-crash-idUSL5E8MO1CI20121124)

### Related:

1. [ Albania suffers its worst ever electric power shortage. Due to low water levels, hydroelectric power is reduced to the minimum and there are blackouts in all the country. Water supplies won't last for more than two weeks, so electricity is currently available just six hours a day. The government plans to import power from Romania, Bulgaria and Italy. ](/news/2005/11/11/albania-suffers-its-worst-ever-electric-power-shortage-due-to-low-water-levels-hydroelectric-power-is-reduced-to-the-minimum-and-there-ar.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Italian, Romania_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
3. [Organized crime in Italy: Ernesto Fazzalari, Italy's second most-wanted fugitive and member of 'Ndrangheta, is arrested by the Carabinieri near Molochio in Calabria, Southern Italy, after two decades on the run. Interior Minister Angelino Alfano described Fazzalari as "one of the most important fugitives and a leading underworld figure". ](/news/2016/06/26/organized-crime-in-italy-ernesto-fazzalari-italy-s-second-most-wanted-fugitive-and-member-of-ndrangheta-is-arrested-by-the-carabinieri-n.md) _Context: Calabria, Italian_
4. [Acting on requests from neighboring Italy, Swiss authorities arrest 15 people sought as suspected members of the 'Ndrangheta organized crime syndicate, a Mafia-type organization centered in Calabria, Italy. ](/news/2016/03/8/acting-on-requests-from-neighboring-italy-swiss-authorities-arrest-15-people-sought-as-suspected-members-of-the-ndrangheta-organized-crime.md) _Context: Calabria, Italian_
5. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Italian_
6. [France's government begins to deport thousands of Romani people, who are mainly from Romania and Bulgaria; Romania fears this will lead to xenophobic tensions. ](/news/2010/08/19/france-s-government-begins-to-deport-thousands-of-romani-people-who-are-mainly-from-romania-and-bulgaria-romania-fears-this-will-lead-to-x.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
7. [ Turkey, Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Austria sign an intergovernmental agreement on the construction of the Nabucco natural gas pipeline. ](/news/2009/07/13/turkey-bulgaria-romania-hungary-and-austria-sign-an-intergovernmental-agreement-on-the-construction-of-the-nabucco-natural-gas-pipeline.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
8. [ Global financial crisis of 2008:: Central European stocks drop to a three-week low on expectations of slowing economic growth. Poland forecasts economic growth to drop to 2.3% in 2009 from 5.4% in 2008 and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's WIG 20 index falls 3.5% in two hours. Bulgaria's Sofia Stock Exchange is at a five-year low. Both Bulgaria and Romania may need International Monetary Fund loans to repay US$100 billion of external debt. ](/news/2008/11/18/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-central-european-stocks-drop-to-a-three-week-low-on-expectations-of-slowing-economic-growth-poland-forec.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Romania_
9. [ Leaders of the European Union reach agreement on the Lisbon Treaty following last-minute concessions to Poland, Italy and Bulgaria. ](/news/2007/10/19/leaders-of-the-european-union-reach-agreement-on-the-lisbon-treaty-following-last-minute-concessions-to-poland-italy-and-bulgaria.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Italian_
10. [ Scores of Italians are arrested in a crackdown on the 'ndrangheta organised crime clans active in Calabria. ](/news/2007/08/30/scores-of-italians-are-arrested-in-a-crackdown-on-the-ndrangheta-organised-crime-clans-active-in-calabria.md) _Context: Calabria, Italian_
