### [2012-11-25](/news/2012/11/25/index.md)

# Catalonia holds a snap election following a demonstration for independence with the governing Convergence and Union party led by Artur Mas returning with a reduced number of seats. 

Catalans have set their region on the road to independence, voting in pro-separatist parties that will push for a referendum on breaking away from Spain.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/11/25/world/europe/spain-catalonia-elections/?hpt=hp_c2)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/9702100/Catalonia-poll-Spains-unity-put-to-the-test-as-voters-take-step-towards-independence.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2017 Barcelona attack: Catalan police in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/aftermath-of-the-2017-barcelona-attack-catalan-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-op.md) _Context: Catalan_
2. [Former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Artur Mas, is banned from holding public office for two years after organising an unofficial, unconstitutional independence referendum in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/12/former-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-artur-mas-is-banned-from-holding-public-office-for-two-years-after-organising-an-unoffici.md) _Context: Artur Mas_
3. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Catalan_
4. [Spanish general election, 2015: In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/spanish-general-election-2015-in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-cente.md) _Context: Catalan_
5. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Catalan_
6. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: Catalan_
7. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Catalan_
8. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015: Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend.md) _Context: Catalan_
9. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015: Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist.md) _Context: Catalan_
10. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: Catalan_
