### [2005-02-6](/news/2005/02/6/index.md)

#  US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/02/06/mideast/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm.  Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel, United States Secretary of State_
4. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
5. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, United States Secretary of State_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel, United States Secretary of State_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel_
10. [ Iran: The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/iran-p-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
