### [2009-08-5](/news/2009/08/5/index.md)

#  Brazilian President Lula da Silva says his country is -now advising the International Monetary Fund, IMF-. 

President Lula da Silva said that Brazil is climbing out, and strengthened, from the deep global financial crisis and underlined that &ldquo;Brazil is now advising the International Monetary Fund, IMF&rdquo;.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/05/lula-da-silva-boasts-brazil-now-advises-the-imf)

### Related:

1. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
2. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
3. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
4. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
5. [Operation Car Wash: Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
6. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
8. [Operation Car Wash: Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
9. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
10. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, President_
