### [2009-08-5](/news/2009/08/5/index.md)

#  Former Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Timothy P. Villagomez is sentenced to seven years in prison for political corruption. 




### Source:

1. [Sapain Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=92515&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [ Northern Mariana Islands Lieutenant Governor Timothy P. Villagomez is convicted of fraud, wire fraud, and bribery. ](/news/2009/04/24/northern-mariana-islands-lieutenant-governor-timothy-p-villagomez-is-convicted-of-fraud-wire-fraud-and-bribery.md) _Context: Lieutenant Governor, Northern Mariana Islands, Timothy P. Villagomez_
2. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Lieutenant Governor, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [2015-16 Iraqi protests. Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/2015-16-iraqi-protests-protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortifi.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities, some estimates say more than 3 million people, protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. ](/news/2016/03/13/hundreds-of-thousands-in-brazil-s-major-cities-some-estimates-say-more-than-3-million-people-protest-the-weak-economy-and-political-corrup.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
7. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-h.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
9. [Mohammad al-Dahabi, the former spy chief of Jordan, is sentenced to 13 years imprisonment after being convicted of corruption. ](/news/2012/11/11/mohammad-al-dahabi-the-former-spy-chief-of-jordan-is-sentenced-to-13-years-imprisonment-after-being-convicted-of-corruption.md) _Context: anti-corruption_
10. [A resolution of impeachment against Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial is defeated in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives with 9 votes in favor of impeachment, 10 against; 14 were required. ](/news/2012/10/17/a-resolution-of-impeachment-against-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-is-defeated-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-re.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
