### [2004-06-23](/news/2004/06/23/index.md)

#  A class action lawsuit of an unprecedented 1.6 million women is allowed by a federal judge in a case about sexual discrimination at U.S. retailer Wal Mart. 




### Source:

1. [Baltimore Sun](http://www.baltimoresun.com/business/bal-te.bz.walmart23jun23,0,3428707.story?coll=bal-home-headlines)

### Related:

1. [ Ford Motor Company settles class action lawsuits in California, Connecticut, Illinois and Texas over 1991-2001 models of the Ford Explorer. ](/news/2007/11/28/ford-motor-company-settles-class-action-lawsuits-in-california-connecticut-illinois-and-texas-over-1991-2001-models-of-the-ford-explorer.md) _Context: class action, lawsuit_
2. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: lawsuit_
3. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: United States federal government_
4. [Philippine Justice secretary Vitaliano Aguirre is caught allegedly conspiring a lawsuit against opposition Senator Risa Hontiveros. ](/news/2017/09/11/philippine-justice-secretary-vitaliano-aguirre-is-caught-allegedly-conspiring-a-lawsuit-against-opposition-senator-risa-hontiveros.md) _Context: lawsuit_
5. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: lawsuit_
6. [A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: class action_
7. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: United States federal government_
8. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States federal government_
9. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: lawsuit_
10. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: United States federal government_
