### [2004-06-23](/news/2004/06/23/index.md)

#  The United States abandons an attempt to shield its soldiers from war crimes prosecution by the International Criminal Court. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A64323-2004Jun23.html)

### Related:

1. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
2. [M23 Movement leader Bosco Ntaganda surrenders himself at the U.S. Embassy in Kigali, having been wanted by the ICC since 2006 on war crimes charges. ](/news/2013/03/18/m23-movement-leader-bosco-ntaganda-surrenders-himself-at-the-u-s-embassy-in-kigali-having-been-wanted-by-the-icc-since-2006-on-war-crimes.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
3. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
4. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein-sudan-s-defence-minister-on-war-crimes-charges-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
5. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
6. [Ahmed Haroun, wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes, is re-elected governor of the state of South Kordofan in Sudan. ](/news/2011/05/16/ahmed-haroun-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-on-charges-of-war-crimes-is-re-elected-governor-of-the-state-of-south-kordofan-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
7. [International Criminal Court judges tell the UN Security Council that the Sudanese government is protecting suspects wanted for war crimes in Darfur instead of arresting them to face trial. ](/news/2010/05/26/international-criminal-court-judges-tell-the-un-security-council-that-the-sudanese-government-is-protecting-suspects-wanted-for-war-crimes-i.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
8. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crimes_
9. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
