### [2009-02-27](/news/2009/02/27/index.md)

#  A report by China's State Council criticizes the United States' human rights record. [http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90776/90883/6602168.html (''People's Daily'')]`




### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, United States_
2. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China, United States_
3. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China, United States_
4. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: China, United States_
5. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: China, United States_
6. [The People's Republic of China levies anti-dumping charges on the chemical resorcinol imported from the United States and Japan. ](/news/2013/03/22/the-people-s-republic-of-china-levies-anti-dumping-charges-on-the-chemical-resorcinol-imported-from-the-united-states-and-japan.md) _Context: China, United States_
7. [The United States and the People's Republic of China exchange WTO trade complaints: the US complaining of China's support for automotive exports, and China complaining of new U.S. duties on several of their products. ](/news/2012/09/17/the-united-states-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-exchange-wto-trade-complaints-the-us-complaining-of-china-s-support-for-automotive-exp.md) _Context: China, United States_
8. [The United States Congress votes to restore higher tariffs against the People's Republic of China and other nations that allegedly subsidize exports to the United States. ](/news/2012/03/6/the-united-states-congress-votes-to-restore-higher-tariffs-against-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-other-nations-that-allegedly-subsidize.md) _Context: China, United States_
9. [Thousands of Chinese postings inundate U.S. president Barack Obama's Google+ page after restrictions are lifted in China. ](/news/2012/02/26/thousands-of-chinese-postings-inundate-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-google-page-after-restrictions-are-lifted-in-china.md) _Context: China, United States_
10. [The FBI investigate claims that hackers in China attacked the Google email accounts of officials in the United States and Asian countries, as well as Chinese pro-democracy activists. ](/news/2011/06/2/the-fbi-investigate-claims-that-hackers-in-china-attacked-the-google-email-accounts-of-officials-in-the-united-states-and-asian-countries-a.md) _Context: China, United States_
