### [2001-10-26](/news/2001/10/26/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush signs the Patriot Act into law.




### Related:

1. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation;  ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
2. [ President Barack Obama signs the bill, reinstating expired provisions of the Patriot Act while reforming Section 215 of the Act. ](/news/2015/06/4/president-barack-obama-signs-the-bill-reinstating-expired-provisions-of-the-patriot-act-while-reforming-section-215-of-the-act.md) _Context: Patriot Act_
3. [Parts of the Patriot Act expire at 12:01 a.m. due to Congressional failure to reform the USA Freedom Act, temporarily making new surveillance of telephone records by the NSA illegal. ](/news/2015/06/1/parts-of-the-patriot-act-expire-at-12-01-a-m-due-to-congressional-failure-to-reform-the-usa-freedom-act-temporarily-making-new-surveillanc.md) _Context: Patriot Act_
4. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals rules that the National Security Agency's mass surveillance of telephones metadata is illegal under the Patriot Act. ](/news/2015/05/7/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-second-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-s-mass-surveillance-of-telephones-me.md) _Context: Patriot Act_
5. [Key sections of the Patriot Act expire at midnight (Eastern Daylight Time) due to failure of the United States Senate to agree to an extension. It is highly likely that USA Freedom Act will be passed soon, but the bulk collection of domestic telephone data by the National Security Agency is expected to end. ](/news/2015/05/31/key-sections-of-the-patriot-act-expire-at-midnight-eastern-daylight-time-due-to-failure-of-the-united-states-senate-to-agree-to-an-extensi.md) _Context: Patriot Act_
6. [The United States Senate adjourns without agreeing either to reform the National Security Agency or extend the Patriot Act which is due to expire at the end of this month. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-united-states-senate-adjourns-without-agreeing-either-to-reform-the-national-security-agency-or-extend-the-patriot-act-which-is-due-to-e.md) _Context: Patriot Act_
7. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in ''Game of Thrones''; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
