
Formats: [HTML](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-link.html)  [JSON](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-link.json)  [XML](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-link.xml)  

### [2013-12-7](/news/2013/12/7/index.md)

##### New York University School of Medicine
# Researchers at the New York University School of Medicine are published in the "Journal of the National Cancer Institute", describing a link between decreased levels of gut microbe diversity and increased colorectal cancer rates. A possible cause of the link may be that such people's digestive tracts have lower levels of bacteria that ferment dietary fiber into the anti-inflammatory fatty acid butyrate. However, the causative link remains uncertain since there could be other influencing factors, such as genetics, obesity, or the presence of inflammatory types of microbes. 




### Sources:

1. [MSN](http://healthyliving.msn.com/health-wellness/germs-that-inhabit-gut-may-affect-colon-cancer-risk)

### Changes:

1. [Researchers at the New York University School of Medicine are published in the ''Journal of the National Cancer Institute'', describing a link between decreased levels of gut microbe diversity and increased colorectal cancer rates. A possible cause of the link may be that such people's digestive tracts have lower levels of bacteria that ferment dietary fiber into the anti-inflammatory fatty acid butyrate. However, the causative link remains uncertain since there could be other influencing factors, such as genetics, obesity, or the presence of inflammatory types of microbes. ](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-li.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:25 (First version)_
1. [Researchers at the New York University School of Medicine are published in the "Journal of the National Cancer Institute", describing a link between decreased levels of gut microbe diversity and increased colorectal cancer rates. A possible cause of the link may be that such people's digestive tracts have lower levels of bacteria that ferment dietary fiber into the anti-inflammatory fatty acid butyrate. However, the causative link remains uncertain since there could be other influencing factors, such as genetics, obesity, or the presence of inflammatory types of microbes. ](/news/2013/12/7/researchers-at-the-new-york-university-school-of-medicine-are-published-in-the-journal-of-the-national-cancer-institute-describing-a-link.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
2. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
3. [American writer and producer Sam Simon, co-creator of the longest running animated sitcom, "The Simpsons", dies at the age of 59 after a 3-year battle with terminal colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/03/8/american-writer-and-producer-sam-simon-co-creator-of-the-longest-running-animated-sitcom-the-simpsons-dies-at-the-age-of-59-after-a-3-y.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
4. [Bangladeshi writer and film director Humayun Ahmed dies at 63 in New York while undergoing a treatment for colorectal cancer. ](/news/2012/07/19/bangladeshi-writer-and-film-director-humayun-ahmed-dies-at-63-in-new-york-while-undergoing-a-treatment-for-colorectal-cancer.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
5. [69-year-old Spanish tenor opera star Placido Domingo returns to the stage at Milan's Teatro alla Scala weeks after colorectal cancer surgery. ](/news/2010/04/18/69-year-old-spanish-tenor-opera-star-pla-cido-domingo-returns-to-the-stage-at-milan-s-teatro-alla-scala-weeks-after-colorectal-cancer-surger.md) _Context: colorectal cancer_
