### [2013-12-7](/news/2013/12/7/index.md)

# United States Supreme Court associate justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns down a stay to block the December 9 American Airlines/US Airways merger. 

Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg denied a petition to halt the planned merger between American Airlines and US Airways late Saturday night. 


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/12/08/supreme-court-justice-turns-down-stay-americanus-airways-merger/?intcmp=latestnews)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/politics/2013/12/08/supreme-court-justice-turns-down-stay-americanus-airways-merger/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1446762681094.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: Ruth Bader Ginsburg, United States Supreme Court_
2. [US Airways final flight, Flight 1939 - named for the airline's founding year, landed at Philadelphia International Airport at 5:54 a.m. Saturday. Future flights will fly under the American Airlines banner, completing the merger announced in 2013. ](/news/2015/10/17/us-airways-final-flight-flight-1939-a-named-for-the-airline-s-founding-year-landed-at-philadelphia-international-airport-at-5-54-a-m-sa.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
3. [The United States Department of Justice and six states file an antitrust lawsuit to block the proposed merger of American Airlines and US Airways. ](/news/2013/08/13/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-six-states-file-an-antitrust-lawsuit-to-block-the-proposed-merger-of-american-airlines-and-us-ai.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
4. [US Airways and the bankrupt American Airlines announce a merger to form the world's largest air carrier trading as American Airlines. ](/news/2013/02/14/us-airways-and-the-bankrupt-american-airlines-announce-a-merger-to-form-the-world-s-largest-air-carrier-trading-as-american-airlines.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
5. [US Airways makes a formal merger proposal to the parent of American Airlines, one that values the combined entity at $8.5 billion. ](/news/2012/12/7/us-airways-makes-a-formal-merger-proposal-to-the-parent-of-american-airlines-one-that-values-the-combined-entity-at-8-5-billion.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
6. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
7. [ The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger-i.md) _Context: American Airlines_
8. [An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international-airport-seven-passengers-and-one-fl.md) _Context: American Airlines_
9. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: American Airlines_
10. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
