### [2016-07-31](/news/2016/07/31/index.md)

# The Turkish government dismisses nearly 1,400 military personnel for alleged links to exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen. 

Turkey dismissed nearly 1,400 more members of its armed forces and stacked the top military council with government ministers on Sunday, moves designed by President Tayyip Erdogan to put him in full control of the military after a failed coup.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-military-idUSKCN10B08G?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Turkish authorities detain 55 military and intelligence agency personnel over suspected links to U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/5/turkish-authorities-detain-55-military-and-intelligence-agency-personnel-over-suspected-links-to-u-s-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges, Fethullah Gulen_
2. [Turkey dismisses another 10,000 civil servants and closes 15 more media outlets for alleged ties to terrorist organizations and cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/30/turkey-dismisses-another-10-000-civil-servants-and-closes-15-more-media-outlets-for-alleged-ties-to-terrorist-organizations-and-cleric-fethu.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges, Fethullah Gulen_
3. [The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-links-will-lose-their-citizen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
4. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
5. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
6. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-absen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
7. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges_
8. [Turkey suspends another 1,980 teachers and school employees for alleged connections to the coup attempt. ](/news/2016/12/21/turkey-suspends-another-1-980-teachers-and-school-employees-for-alleged-connections-to-the-coup-attempt.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges_
9. [Turkish security forces begin mass arrests of pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) MPs, including co-leaders Selahattin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag. Internet access is reportedly blocked across southeastern Turkey. ](/news/2016/11/4/turkish-security-forces-begin-mass-arrests-of-pro-kurdish-peoples-democratic-party-hdp-mps-including-co-leaders-selahattin-demirtaa-and.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges_
10. [The Turkish Defense Ministry announces about 300 Turkish naval officers, suspected of having ties to the failed government coup, have been suspended or dismissed. ](/news/2016/11/13/the-turkish-defense-ministry-announces-about-300-turkish-naval-officers-suspected-of-having-ties-to-the-failed-government-coup-have-been-s.md) _Context: 2016 Turkish purges_
