### [2016-07-31](/news/2016/07/31/index.md)

# Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. 

Former environment minister Yuriko Koike of the Liberal Democratic Party was elected Tokyo governor Sunday, winning a landslide victory to become the capit


### Source:

1. [Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/07/31/national/politics-diplomacy/tokyo-elects-former-environment-minister-yuriko-koike-as-citys-first-female-governor/#.V54bljWljIU)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/n-electionresults-e-20160801-870x593.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partners-looking-for-a-two-thirds-majority-that-wil.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Komeito, Liberal Democratic Party_
3. [Voters in the Japanese capital of Tokyo elect Yoichi Masuzoe to replace former Governor Naoki Inose, who resigned on December 24, 2013. ](/news/2014/02/9/voters-in-the-japanese-capital-of-tokyo-elect-yoichi-masuzoe-to-replace-former-governor-naoki-inose-who-resigned-on-december-24-2013.md) _Context: Tokyo, Yoichi Masuzoe_
4. [ Japan's first female Minister of Defense, Yuriko Koike, is sworn in a day after the resignation of her predecessor, Fumio Kyuma. ](/news/2007/07/4/japan-s-first-female-minister-of-defense-yuriko-koike-is-sworn-in-a-day-after-the-resignation-of-her-predecessor-fumio-kyuma.md) _Context: Minister of Defense, Yuriko Koike_
5. [Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-being-cancelled-it-arrives-on.md) _Context: Tokyo_
6. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Tokyo_
7. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: Tokyo_
8. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Tokyo_
9. [Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interceptor-systems-in-tokyo-in-preparation-for-any-north-korean-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: Tokyo_
10. [Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-increased-activity-at-a-north-kor.md) _Context: Minister of Defense_
