### [2006-10-11](/news/2006/10/11/index.md)

#  In Melbourne, Australia, the Eureka Tower residential building is officially opened.  At 297.5m (976ft), the structure is the second tallest skyscraper in the Southern Hemisphere, and the second tallest residential building in the world.




### Related:

1. [ The Eureka Tower, the tallest residential tower in the world, exterior is completed at a height of 297.2m and 91 floors in Melbourne, Australia. It takes the  title from Q1 on the Gold Coast, Australia](/news/2006/06/1/the-eureka-tower-the-tallest-residential-tower-in-the-world-exterior-is-completed-at-a-height-of-297-2m-and-91-floors-in-melbourne-austr.md) _Context: Australia, Eureka Tower, Melbourne_
2. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
3. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
4. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
5. [State Emergency Service volunteers respond to more than 3000 calls for help after Melbourne, Australia is hit by a series of storms bringing rainstorms, hail and a tornado. ](/news/2011/12/25/state-emergency-service-volunteers-respond-to-more-than-3000-calls-for-help-after-melbourne-australia-is-hit-by-a-series-of-storms-bringing.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
6. [The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. ](/news/2011/09/1/the-remains-of-australian-bushranger-ned-kelly-are-found-in-the-former-hm-prison-pentridge-in-melbourne-victoria.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
7. [Flights in the Southern hemisphere from Australia to Argentina are disrupted by the Puyehue volcanic eruption. ](/news/2011/06/13/flights-in-the-southern-hemisphere-from-australia-to-argentina-are-disrupted-by-the-puyehue-volcanic-eruption.md) _Context: Australia, southern hemisphere_
8. [Australia's (and the Southern Hemisphere's) first total artificial heart transplant occurs at St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney, Australia. ](/news/2010/08/16/australia-s-and-the-southern-hemisphere-s-first-total-artificial-heart-transplant-occurs-at-st-vincent-s-hospital-in-sydney-australia.md) _Context: Australia, southern hemisphere_
9. [Melbourne, Australia experiences flooding after a once-in-a-century thunderstorm of marble-sized hailstones which tears the roof from a railway station and leads to the postponement of sports fixtures. A state of emergency is declared in Queensland.](/news/2010/03/7/melbourne-australia-experiences-flooding-after-a-once-in-a-century-thunderstorm-of-marble-sized-hailstones-which-tears-the-roof-from-a-rail.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
10. [An Indian man is set on fire in Melbourne, Australia, in the latest in a series of attacks on Indian nationals in the country. ](/news/2010/01/9/an-indian-man-is-set-on-fire-in-melbourne-australia-in-the-latest-in-a-series-of-attacks-on-indian-nationals-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
