### [2006-10-11](/news/2006/10/11/index.md)

#  In the International Space Station Gyro Failures may spell doom if focus of next Shuttle mission is not changed.[http://www.spaceflightnow.com/shuttle/sts116/061010cmg/]




### Related:

1. [The Space Shuttle Atlantis undocks from the International Space Station for the final time in the history of the space shuttle program. ](/news/2011/07/19/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-undocks-from-the-international-space-station-for-the-final-time-in-the-history-of-the-space-shuttle-program.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
2. [NASA astronauts on board ''Atlantis'' complete the final spacewalk of the Space Shuttle era, recouping an ammonia pump on the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2011/07/12/nasa-astronauts-on-board-atlantis-complete-the-final-spacewalk-of-the-space-shuttle-era-recouping-an-ammonia-pump-on-the-international.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
3. [Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' launches successfully from Kennedy Space Center at 4:14 EST, marking the beginning of STS-130, a two-week mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/02/8/space-shuttle-endeavour-launches-successfully-from-kennedy-space-center-at-4-14-est-marking-the-beginning-of-sts-130-a-two-week-missio.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
4. [ NASA launches Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' on STS-129 at 1928 UTC (2:28pm EST), bringing supplies and the first two ExPRESS Logistics Carriers to the International Space Station. ](/news/2009/11/16/nasa-launches-space-shuttle-atlantis-on-sts-129-at-1928-utc-2-28pm-est-bringing-supplies-and-the-first-two-express-logistics-carrier.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
5. [ The United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration delays the Space Shuttle ''Discovery'''s mission to the International Space Station due to a hydrogen gas leak. ](/news/2009/03/11/the-united-states-national-aeronautics-and-space-administration-delays-the-space-shuttle-discovery-s-mission-to-the-international-space.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
6. [ Mission STS-126 commences with the launch of Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''. The spacecraft will deliver equipment required to increase the crew capacity of the International Space Station from three to six members. ](/news/2008/11/15/mission-sts-126-commences-with-the-launch-of-space-shuttle-endeavour-the-spacecraft-will-deliver-equipment-required-to-increase-the-cr.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
7. [ The Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Cape Canaveral, Florida in a rare nighttime landing ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-cape-canaveral-florida-in-a-rare-nighttime-landing-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
8. [ The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' lands at Kennedy Space Center following the conclusion of the STS-122 assembly mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/02/20/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-following-the-conclusion-of-the-sts-122-assembly-mission-to-the-international.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
9. [ The launch of Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'''s STS-122 mission, which will deliver ESA's Columbus module to the International Space Station, is delayed for one day due to a sensor malfunction. ](/news/2007/12/6/the-launch-of-space-shuttle-atlantis-s-sts-122-mission-which-will-deliver-esa-s-columbus-module-to-the-international-space-station-is.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
10. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
