### [2005-02-15](/news/2005/02/15/index.md)

#  The European Court of Human Rights, deciding about the so-called McLibel case, rules in favour of environmental campaigners Helen Steel and David Morris and their claim that their trial was unfair. The pair said their human rights were violated when their criticism of McDonald's was ruled libel. The case has taken 15 years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4266209.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/02/15/mclibel/)
3. [Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/uk.cfm?id=173102005)

### Related:

1. [ Italian politicians and the Vatican condemn a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights that says having a crucifix in a classroom is a breach of human rights. ](/news/2009/11/4/italian-politicians-and-the-vatican-condemn-a-ruling-by-the-european-court-of-human-rights-that-says-having-a-crucifix-in-a-classroom-is-a.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Human rights_
2. [McDonald's: Workers at two British McDonald's restaurants overwhelmingly vote to authorize a strike over working conditions and the use of zero-hour contracts, which would be the first such labor action against the fast-food chain in the U.K. ](/news/2017/08/18/mcdonald-s-workers-at-two-british-mcdonald-s-restaurants-overwhelmingly-vote-to-authorize-a-strike-over-working-conditions-and-the-use-of-z.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
3. [LGBT rights in Russia: The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/lgbt-rights-in-russia-the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
4. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Human rights activists, lawyers, labor rights groups and other advocates endorse Leni Robredo for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/23/philippine-presidential-election-2016-human-rights-activists-lawyers-labor-rights-groups-and-other-advocates-endorse-leni-robredo-for-vi.md) _Context: Human rights_
6. [Anders Behring Breivik, a convicted mass murderer in the 2011 Norway attacks, wins a human rights case against the government of Norway. ](/news/2016/04/20/anders-behring-breivik-a-convicted-mass-murderer-in-the-2011-norway-attacks-wins-a-human-rights-case-against-the-government-of-norway.md) _Context: Human rights_
7. [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md) _Context: Human rights_
8. [Censorship in China: Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/censorship-in-china-chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-co.md) _Context: Human rights_
9. [War in Donbass: The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/war-in-donbass-the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia.md) _Context: Human rights_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights_
