### [2012-06-24](/news/2012/06/24/index.md)

# NATO is to meet on Tuesday, based on a request from Turkey to consult them on what to do with Syria which shot down a Turkish jet after it had entered Syrian airspace. 

Turkish media reports that plane wreckage was found in Syrian waters, as NATO schedules meeting to discuss incident.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/06/201262465711936449.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Turkish involvement in the Syrian Civil War: NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's downing of a Russian jet. ](/news/2015/12/18/syrian-civil-war-turkish-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-nato-allies-agree-to-send-aircraft-and-ships-to-strengthen-turkey-s-syrian-bo.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Turkey_
3. [Syrian civil war:: Russia arms Syria with Iskander missiles in response to NATO's stationing of Patriot missile defense systems in Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/8/syrian-civil-war-russia-arms-syria-with-iskander-missiles-in-response-to-nato-s-stationing-of-patriot-missile-defense-systems-in-turkey.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Turkey_
4. [Syrian civil war:: American admiral James G. Stavridis, NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe claims that Scud missiles fired by Syria at rebel forces have landed "fairly close" to the border with Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/14/syrian-civil-war-american-admiral-james-g-stavridis-nato-s-supreme-allied-commander-europe-claims-that-scud-missiles-fired-by-syria-at-r.md) _Context: NATO, Syria, Turkey_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
6. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
7. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
10. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
