### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

# Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's  current president,  Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. 

Protests erupted in several Brazilian cities on Wednesday after President Dilma Rousseff named her predecessor Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva chief of staff and a taped conversation fed opposition claims the move was meant to shield Lula from prosecution.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/17/world/americas/brazil-ex-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-rousseff-idUSKCN0WI1T0)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/16/Brazils-Rousseff-names-former-president-Lula-her-chief-of-staff/7441458144589/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Supreme Court Justice_
2. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Court Justice_
3. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Court Justice_
4. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Court Justice_
5. [Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since  it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on   presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-silva-alleges-jud.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Supreme Court Justice_
6. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
7. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court issues a long-time awaited order to arrest for bribery 12 former top officials who had served under ex-president Lula, in one of the nation's biggest corruption cases. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-issues-a-long-time-awaited-order-to-arrest-for-bribery-12-former-top-officials-who-had-served-under-ex-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, Supreme Court Justice_
8. [ In Brazil, president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva names energy minister Dilma Rousseff as a cabinet chief because of Jose Dirceu's resignation ](/news/2005/06/20/in-brazil-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-names-energy-minister-dilma-rousseff-as-a-cabinet-chief-because-of-josa-c-dirceu-s-resignati.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
9. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva_
10. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
