### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

# Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's current president, Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. 

Protests erupted in several Brazilian cities on Wednesday after President Dilma Rousseff named her predecessor Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva chief of staff and a taped conversation fed opposition claims the move was meant to shield Lula from prosecution.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/17/world/americas/brazil-ex-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-rousseff-idUSKCN0WI1T0)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/16/Brazils-Rousseff-names-former-president-Lula-her-chief-of-staff/7441458144589/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
3. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Federal Court_
4. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Federal Court_
5. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Brazil protests. Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-protests-brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
7. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
8. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court issues a long-time awaited order to arrest for bribery 12 former top officials who had served under ex-president Lula, in one of the nation's biggest corruption cases. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-issues-a-long-time-awaited-order-to-arrest-for-bribery-12-former-top-officials-who-had-served-under-ex-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
9. [ In Brazil, president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva names energy minister Dilma Rousseff as a cabinet chief because of Jose Dirceu's resignation ](/news/2005/06/20/in-brazil-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-names-energy-minister-dilma-rousseff-as-a-cabinet-chief-because-of-josa-c-dirceu-s-resignati.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Lula_
10. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff_
