### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

#   Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. 

A 21-year-old woman from Havana with no travel history outside Cuba is the first autochthonous, or locally transmitted Zika virus infection, according to a La Nación report (computer translated). Local mosquito transmission means that mosquitoes in the area are infected with Zika virus and are spreading it to people. The health ministry said in a statement, &hellip;


### Source:

1. [Medical Xpress](http://medicalxpress.com/news/2016-03-cuba-case-zika-transmitted-island.html)
2. [Outbreak News Today](http://outbreaknewstoday.com/cuba-local-transmission-of-zika-reported-in-havana-67102/)

### Related:

1. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez claims that former Cuban President Fidel Castro recently appeared publicly in Havana for the first time since 2006. ](/news/2009/02/27/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-claims-that-former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-recently-appeared-publicly-in-havana-for-the-first-time-s.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, Venezuela_
2. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
3. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Cuba, Venezuela_
4. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
5. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the  northern Caribbean country after  Cuba,  April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
6. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and  allow  Cuban-Americans passengers. Current  Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
7. [Chile confirms its first case of sexually transmitted  Zika virus. The case involves a 46-year-old woman whose partner was infected while in Haiti. ](/news/2016/03/26/chile-confirms-its-first-case-of-sexually-transmitted-zika-virus-the-case-involves-a-46-year-old-woman-whose-partner-was-infected-while-in.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
8. [British rock band The Rolling Stones performs in Havana, Cuba, playing an open-air free concert in the country, in what has been called a "historic moment." Western music used to be banned in Cuba as being "ideologically divergent." ](/news/2016/03/26/british-rock-band-the-rolling-stones-performs-in-havana-cuba-playing-an-open-air-free-concert-in-the-country-in-what-has-been-called-a-h.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
10. [The Polynesian state of Tonga declares a Zika virus epidemic with two confirmed cases and 265 suspected cases. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-polynesian-state-of-tonga-declares-a-zika-virus-epidemic-with-two-confirmed-cases-and-265-suspected-cases.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
