### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

#  Donald Trump announces he will skip the Fox News GOP presidential debate between the three remaining candidates on March 21, saying he thinks "we had enough of debates." 

The Ohio governor will participate if Trump changes his mind.


### Source:

1. [Deseret News](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865650178/Trump-wont-participate-in-SLC-debate-giving-speech-instead.html)
2. [Newsmax](http://www.newsmax.com/Headline/Donald-Trump-Fox-News-debate/2016/03/16/id/719324/)
3. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/273226-kasich-skipping-debate-after-trump-bails)
4. [The Salt Lake Tribune](http://www.sltrib.com/news/3669839-155/debate-scrapped-after-donald-trump-says)
4. [Cover Image](http://thehill.com/sites/default/files/blogs/kasichtrump_122715getty.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Fox News_
2. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Fox News_
3. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
