### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

# In the  Missouri Primary, media outlets have held off calling yesterday's  races due to the extremely close results. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead in their party's vote, but by just two-tenths of 1 percent ahead of Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders, respectively. Missouri law states a recount may be requested if the margin is less than half a percentage point. Either Cruz or Sanders or both can request a recount. These results are unofficial, until they're certified by the  Missouri Secretary of State, which reportedly  could take up to four weeks. Trump leads by about 1,700 votes and Clinton's edge is about 1,500. The state also needs to count the remaining absentee and provisional ballots; the deadline for overseas ballots is noon Friday. 

Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders both trail the front-runners by two-tenths of 1 percent.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/273266-close-results-in-missouri-primary-could-lead-to-recounts)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/16/politics/super-tuesday-missouri-delegates/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, Ted Cruz_
2. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
3. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016.Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-pvoters-in-the-american-state-of-nevada-take-part-in-democratic-party-caucuses-with-hillary-clint.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz_
6. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
7. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton_
8. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
10. [United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-pvoters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
