### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

#  PKK rebellion (2015-present): Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/turkey-academics-arrested-terrorist-propaganda/27616332.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
2. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): A bombing kills at least five Turkish soldiers and one special forces police officer in the southeastern city of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. ](/news/2016/04/2/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-a-bombing-kills-at-least-five-turkish-soldiers-and-one-special-forces-police-officer-in-the-southeastern-cit.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkey_
3. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present): A car bomb attack on a Turkish gendarmerie in the town of Hani kills at least two people and injures 50. ](/news/2016/04/12/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-turkish-gendarmerie-in-the-town-of-hani-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-50.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police_
4. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-c.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police_
5. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Twelve Turkish academics are detained for signing a declaration opposing military action against Kurdistan Workers Party forces in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/01/15/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-twelve-turkish-academics-are-detained-for-signing-a-declaration-opposing-military-action-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkey_
6. [Turkey-PKK conflict: PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police_
7. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-milit.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkey_
8. [Censorship in Turkey: Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said -We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists- seats-just like junta periods, this is called a police state-. ](/news/2015/10/28/censorship-in-turkey-turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-ju.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkish police detain two British journalists from "Vice News" covering unrest in southeastern Turkey. ](/news/2015/08/28/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkish-police-detain-two-british-journalists-from-vice-news-covering-unrest-in-southeastern-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish police_
10. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake: A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
