### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

#  President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. 

President Obama nominates veteran judge Merrick Garland to be the next US Supreme Court Justice, but Republicans said they will block his nomination.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-35823234)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/16/politics/obama-supreme-court-announcement/index.html)

### Related:

1. [President Obama nominates Solicitor General  Elena Kagan as the youngest Justice and third woman for the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/05/10/president-obama-nominates-solicitor-general-elena-kagan-as-the-youngest-justice-and-third-woman-for-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Supreme Court of the United States, U.S. President_
2. [ President Barack Obama nominates Federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2009/05/26/president-barack-obama-nominates-federal-judge-sonia-sotomayor-for-the-united-states-supreme-court.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Supreme Court of the United States, U.S. President_
3. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States, U.S. President_
5. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Supreme Court of the United States_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
9. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
10. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
