### [2016-03-16](/news/2016/03/16/index.md)

# The U.S. military disciplines more than a dozen personnel for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last October. No criminal charges are pending. The partially redacted investigation report is  expected to be made public shortly. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d4f37ad3616f46e8b980bc8a10435e29/more-12-punished-mistaken-hospital-attack)

### Related:

1. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
2. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S. military personnel_
3. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
4. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
5. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
7. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S. military personnel_
8. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S. military personnel_
9. [American and Afghan officials announce five people died on Saturday in a clash involving American and Afghan army troops at a checkpoint in Maidan Wardak Province, Afghanistan. The circumstances are unclear. ](/news/2012/09/30/american-and-afghan-officials-announce-five-people-died-on-saturday-in-a-clash-involving-american-and-afghan-army-troops-at-a-checkpoint-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S. military personnel_
10. [Three members of the United States Armed Forces are killed in a bombing in eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/04/26/three-members-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-are-killed-in-a-bombing-in-eastern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S. military personnel_
