### [2010-07-8](/news/2010/07/8/index.md)

# A study conducted by Stanford University suggests that heat waves will become more common in the future, due to climate change and global warming. 

Within 30 years, average temperature could be 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit higher than in the mid-1800s, a Stanford study concludes.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/38154121/ns/us_news-environment/)

### Related:

1. [At the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Google unveils an initiative using Google Earth allowing users to view the effects of deforestation, impacts and videos on global warming and climate change. ](/news/2010/12/1/at-the-2010-united-nations-climate-change-conference-google-unveils-an-initiative-using-google-earth-allowing-users-to-view-the-effects-of.md) _Context: Global warming, climate change_
2. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appoints Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica to lead United Nations efforts to combat climate change and global warming. ](/news/2010/05/18/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-appoints-christiana-figueres-of-costa-rica-to-lead-united-nations-efforts-to-combat-climate-change-and-global.md) _Context: Global warming, climate change_
3. [ U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Danish hosts urge countries on to compromise to salvage agreement on a new U.N. pact aimed at averting dangerous climate change and global warming. P:GW ](/news/2009/12/15/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-danish-hosts-urge-countries-on-to-compromise-to-salvage-agreement-on-a-new-u-n-pact-aimed-at-averti.md) _Context: Global warming, climate change_
4. [ Police in Denmark detain 900 people after thousands gather in Copenhagen to demand more action on climate change and global warming by leaders at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/12/police-in-denmark-detain-900-people-after-thousands-gather-in-copenhagen-to-demand-more-action-on-climate-change-and-global-warming-by-lead.md) _Context: Global warming, climate change_
5. [ A report by the Australian government warns that global warming climate change threatens the coastal lifestyle of the country, with a prospect of a ban on coastal homes. ](/news/2009/10/27/a-report-by-the-australian-government-warns-that-global-warming-climate-change-threatens-the-coastal-lifestyle-of-the-country-with-a-prosp.md) _Context: Global warming, climate change_
6. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Global warming_
7. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: climate change_
9. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [A report from  the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to  accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures,  while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accuratel.md) _Context: Global warming_
