### [2010-07-8](/news/2010/07/8/index.md)

# CNN's veteran Middle East editor Octavia Nasr writes on Twitter that she "respected" the recently deceased Lebanese Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah. The comment is deleted from Twitter and Nasr is promptly sacked by CNN. 

CNN sacks an editor who wrote on Twitter that she &quot;respected&quot; a late Lebanese cleric said to have inspired Hezbollah.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/us_and_canada/10549106.stm)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/media/cnn-drops-editor-over-twitter-comment/story-e6frg996-1225889321430)

### Related:

1. [Israel criticises Britain's ambassador to Lebanon for eulogising Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah, who recently died. ](/news/2010/07/9/israel-criticises-britain-s-ambassador-to-lebanon-for-eulogising-mohammad-hussein-fadlallah-who-recently-died.md) _Context: Lebanon, Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah_
2. [Lebanese Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah dies suddenly in Beirut. ](/news/2010/07/4/lebanese-ayatollah-mohammad-hussein-fadlallah-dies-suddenly-in-beirut.md) _Context: Lebanon, Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:. Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060729/Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730/20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)]. The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm (BBC)]. More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/07/30/mideast.main/index.html (CNN)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5228224.stm (BBC)]. Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"]. 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, Middle East_
4. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
6. [CNN controversies. CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: CNN_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: tweets_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: CNN_
10. [Social networking service. Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/social-networking-service-facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-th.md) _Context: tweets_
