### [2010-07-8](/news/2010/07/8/index.md)

# United States Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele again resist calls for him to step down after he asserted that the War in Afghanistan was a "war of Obama's choosing". 




### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2010/07/08/4638794-steele-i-aint-going-anywhere)

### Related:

1. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Michael Steele, R, U.S._
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: R, U.S._
3. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: R, U.S._
4. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: R, U.S._
5. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: R, U.S._
6. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: R, U.S._
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Afghanistan releases 65 prisoners from the Parwan Detention Facility despite concerns by the United States that the men were responsible for attacks on NATO and Afghan forces. ](/news/2014/02/13/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pafghanistan-releases-65-prisoners-from-the-parwan-detention-facility-despite-concerns-by-the-united-sta.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):The United States stops shipping supplies to Afghanistan through Pakistan due to protests over drone attacks. ](/news/2013/12/4/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pthe-united-states-stops-shipping-supplies-to-afghanistan-through-pakistan-due-to-protests-over-drone-at.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Three corpses are dug up near a former U.S. military base in Narkh bringing the number of corpses whose deaths locals blame on the presence of United States personnel to 10; people flood the streets of Maidan Shar calling for the U.S. to leave. ](/news/2013/06/4/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pthree-corpses-are-dug-up-near-a-former-u-s-military-base-in-narkh-bringing-the-number-of-corpses-whose.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: U.S., War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
