### [2005-07-3](/news/2005/07/3/index.md)

#  In Mexico, Enrique Pea of the Institutional Revolutionary Party wins election for a governor in the state of Mxico. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000086&sid=allEhhuPvU3s&refer=latin_america)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-07-04T022032Z_01_N03694110_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-MEXICO-ELECTION-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [Mexican legislative election, 2015. Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
2. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping. A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-in.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
3. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
4. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]. Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.. Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
5. [Local government elections in Mexico. The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-mexico-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
6. [ Bombs explode at Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal, an opposition party's headquarters and a bank in the capital. ](/news/2006/11/6/bombs-explode-at-mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-an-opposition-party-s-headquarters-and-a-bank-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
7. [ The Mexican Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), the country's current opposition party that ruled for over 70 years, has claimed victory in elections for the governor of the country's most populated state, Mexico. ](/news/2005/07/4/the-mexican-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-the-country-s-current-opposition-party-that-ruled-for-over-70-years-has-claimed-victo.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
8. [Mexican general election, 2000. Vicente Fox is elected president of Mexico, as candidate of the rightist National Action Party, ending 71 years of Institutional Revolutionary Party rule.](/news/2000/07/2/mexican-general-election-2000-vicente-fox-is-elected-president-of-mexico-as-candidate-of-the-rightist-national-action-party-ending-71-ye.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
9. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico_
