### [2006-04-28](/news/2006/04/28/index.md)

#  Guilliame Mbairessem, the secretary-general of the Episcopal Conference of Bishops of Chad, joins U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Donald Yamamoto in calling for a delay of the upcoming presidential elections in Chad. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=1902278&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)

### Related:

1. [ The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-constitutional-council-of-chad-the-highest-court-in-chad-confirms-idriss-deby-s-victory-in-the-presidential-elections-which-took-plac.md) _Context: Chad, presidential elections_
2. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Chad, presidential elections_
3. [ President of Chad Idriss Dby refuses to delay upcoming presidential elections despite pressure from U.S. diplomat Donald Yamamoto, high ranking Chadian Christian officials, and the head of the Chadian human rights league. However, he announced the Chadian government is negotiating with the United Front for Democratic Change rebel group to avoid violence. ](/news/2006/05/1/president-of-chad-idriss-deby-refuses-to-delay-upcoming-presidential-elections-despite-pressure-from-u-s-diplomat-donald-yamamoto-high-ra.md) _Context: Donald Yamamoto, presidential elections_
4. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Chad_
5. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
6. [ Hissene Habre, ex president of Chad, is sentenced to life in prison for ordering rape, sexual slavery and killings during his rule from 1982 to 1990. ](/news/2016/05/30/hissene-habre-ex-president-of-chad-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-ordering-rape-sexual-slavery-and-killings-during-his-rule-from-198.md) _Context: Chad_
7. [Voters in Chad go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with incumbent President Idriss Deby favoured to win a fifth term. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-chad-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-idriss-da-c-by-favoured-to-wi.md) _Context: Chad_
8. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Chad_
9. [The government of Chad declares a state of emergency in the Lake Chad area a day after a double suicide bombing that has killed two people. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-government-of-chad-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-lake-chad-area-a-day-after-a-double-suicide-bombing-that-has-killed-two-people.md) _Context: Chad_
10. [Two suicide bomb attacks in Ngouboua, a remote village near Lake Chad, kill three people, including the bombers, and injure four others, according to Chadian Communication Minister Hassan Sylla Bakari. ](/news/2015/11/8/two-suicide-bomb-attacks-in-ngouboua-a-remote-village-near-lake-chad-kill-three-people-including-the-bombers-and-injure-four-others-acc.md) _Context: Chad_
