### [2006-04-28](/news/2006/04/28/index.md)

#  U.S. Army Lt. Col. Steven L. Jordan becomes the highest-ranking officer to have charges brought against him in connection with the Abu Ghraib abuse.  




### Source:

1. [Seattle Times](http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/nationworld/2002960310_ghraib29.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Army awards the $6.7 billion contract for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the replacement for the Humvee, to the Wisconsin-based company Oshkosh Corporation. ](/news/2015/08/26/the-u-s-army-awards-the-6-7-billion-contract-for-the-joint-light-tactical-vehicle-the-replacement-for-the-humvee-to-the-wisconsin-based.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
2. [A U.S. Army Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes while landing on a U.S. Navy cargo vessel near the Japanese island of Okinawa, with seven people injured. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-u-s-army-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-while-landing-on-a-u-s-navy-cargo-vessel-near-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-with.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
3. [The U.S. Army, working with the U.S. Navy and NASA, through its Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator transport helicopter re-design program, in the latest issue of Army Technology Magazine, takes note of some new designs Sikorsky-Boeing (the Sikorsky Defiant, which like the existing Sikorsky X2 and Sikorsky S-97 Raider, features a faster pusher propeller) and Bell Helicopter (the V-280 Valor, which resembles a slimmed-down version of the tilt-rotor V-22 Osprey, and comes in three versions: a troop- and equipment-carrying utility style, a medevac, and an attack chopper) have come up with since they were selected by the Pentagon in August 2014. ](/news/2015/03/8/the-u-s-army-working-with-the-u-s-navy-and-nasa-through-its-joint-multi-role-technology-demonstrator-transport-helicopter-re-design-prog.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
4. [U.S. Army Judge Colonel Tara Osborn rules that the Fort Hood Massacre gunman Nidal Malik Hassan cannot claim as a part of his defense that he was defending the Taliban. ](/news/2013/06/14/u-s-army-judge-colonel-tara-osborn-rules-that-the-fort-hood-massacre-gunman-nidal-malik-hassan-cannot-claim-as-a-part-of-his-defense-that-h.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
5. [A decorated combat veteran of the Iraq War and United States Military Academy (West Point) U.S. Army staff member, Sgt. 1st Class Michael McClendon, is relieved of his duties for allegedly planting cameras to spy on female cadets. ](/news/2013/05/22/a-decorated-combat-veteran-of-the-iraq-war-and-united-states-military-academy-west-point-u-s-army-staff-member-sgt-1st-class-michael-mc.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
6. [U.S. Army Brigadier General Bryan T. Roberts, the Commanding General of the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson in Fort Jackson, South Carolina, is suspended from his duties because of an investigation into alleged adultery (which is treated as a criminal violation, not just a civil matter, in the U.S. military), and for allegedly being in a physical altercation. ](/news/2013/05/21/u-s-army-brigadier-general-bryan-t-roberts-the-commanding-general-of-the-u-s-army-training-center-and-fort-jackson-in-fort-jackson-sout.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
7. [U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Salvatore Giunta is awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the ongoing War in Afghanistan, the first living recipient to be so honored since the Vietnam War. ](/news/2010/09/11/u-s-army-staff-sergeant-salvatore-giunta-is-awarded-the-medal-of-honor-for-his-actions-during-the-ongoing-war-in-afghanistan-the-first-liv.md) _Context: U.S. Army_
8. [Former U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonel James Fondren is sentenced to three years in prison for providing classified documents to Chinese spy Tai Shen Kuo. ](/news/2010/01/22/former-u-s-air-force-lieutenant-colonel-james-fondren-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-providing-classified-documents-to-chinese-s.md) _Context: lieutenant colonel_
9. [ A military judge dismisses two charges against Lieutenant Colonel Steven Jordan, a United States Army officer in charge of the interrogation centre at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Jordan still faces several more charges including cruelty and maltreatment of detainees, disobeying a superior officer and failure to obey orders. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-military-judge-dismisses-two-charges-against-lieutenant-colonel-steven-jordan-a-united-states-army-officer-in-charge-of-the-interrogatio.md) _Context: lieutenant colonel_
10. [ Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas K. Mooney, the military attache at the United States Embassy is found dead in western Cyprus. ](/news/2007/07/2/lieutenant-colonel-thomas-k-mooney-the-military-attacha-c-at-the-united-states-embassy-is-found-dead-in-western-cyprus.md) _Context: lieutenant colonel_
