### [2003-09-7](/news/2003/09/7/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declares that Hamas leaders are "marked for death" and will not have a moment's rest, after Israel failed in an attempt to kill the top-ranking members of Hamas with a 550-pound bomb dropped on a Gaza City apartment.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [ A few hours after the spiritual leader of Hamas, Ahmed Yassin, offered to halt all suicide attacks in exchange for full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and Gaza Strip, an Israeli F-16 jet dropped a bomb into a densely populated residential area of Gaza City. Fifteen people were killed, including Salah Shehade (the leader of Hamas's military wing, the Izz ad-Din el-Qasam Brigades), and more than 100 others were wounded. Nine of the dead were children, including Mohammed al-Huwaiti (aged 4), his brother Subhi (aged 3), Ayman Mattar (aged 1) and Dunya Rami Mattar (aged three months). The United Nations swiftly condemned the action as a flagrant violation of international law. Ariel Sharon, Israel's Prime Minister, said it was "one of our biggest successes", though the Prime Minister's office later added, "it is well known he regrets the killing of civilians."](/news/2002/07/22/a-few-hours-after-the-spiritual-leader-of-hamas-ahmed-yassin-offered-to-halt-all-suicide-attacks-in-exchange-for-full-israeli-withdrawal.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
3. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Qandil makes a visit to Gaza City in hopes of lulling the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. ](/news/2012/11/16/egyptian-prime-minister-hesham-qandil-makes-a-visit-to-gaza-city-in-hopes-of-lulling-the-ongoing-conflict-between-israel-and-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
5. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
6. [ Israeli Defense Forces advance on Gaza City and engage in urban warfare with Hamas militants. ](/news/2009/01/13/israeli-defense-forces-advance-on-gaza-city-and-engage-in-urban-warfare-with-hamas-militants.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
7. [ Urban warfare begins between Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas militants as the former push further into Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/12/urban-warfare-begins-between-israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-militants-as-the-former-push-further-into-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
9. [ An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
