### [2009-04-24](/news/2009/04/24/index.md)

#  Northern Mariana Islands Lieutenant Governor Timothy P. Villagomez is convicted of fraud, wire fraud, and bribery. 




### Source:

1. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=89717&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [ Former Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands  Timothy P. Villagomez is sentenced to seven years in prison for political corruption. ](/news/2009/08/5/former-lieutenant-governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-timothy-p-villagomez-is-sentenced-to-seven-years-in-prison-for-political-corru.md) _Context: Lieutenant Governor, Northern Mariana Islands, Timothy P. Villagomez_
2. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes, fraud_
3. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Lieutenant Governor, Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [Ray Nagin, the former Mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, is indicted on 21 different counts including fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, bribery, and tax evasion. ](/news/2013/01/18/ray-nagin-the-former-mayor-of-new-orleans-louisiana-is-indicted-on-21-different-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-money-laundering-b.md) _Context: bribes, fraud_
5. [ Alleged Internet spammer Robert Soloway is arrested after being indicted on charges of identity theft, money laundering, and mail, wire, and e-mail fraud. ](/news/2007/05/31/alleged-internet-spammer-robert-soloway-is-arrested-after-being-indicted-on-charges-of-identity-theft-money-laundering-and-mail-wire-an.md) _Context: fraud, wire fraud_
6. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [Princess Cristina of Spain is acquitted of fraud but her husband is convicted. ](/news/2017/02/17/princess-cristina-of-spain-is-acquitted-of-fraud-but-her-husband-is-convicted.md) _Context: fraud_
8. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
9. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: wire fraud_
10. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
