### [2016-10-23](/news/2016/10/23/index.md)

# Two explosions in a park in the Japanese city of Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, kill at least one person and injure three others. Local media report that a 72-year-old ex-military officer is responsible for the blasts. A fire the same day destroyed the suspect's house. 

72-year-old may have blown himself up in Utsunomiya park, media reports suggest


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-37743411)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/23/japan-park-blasts-kill-one-person-and-injure-two)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/fcc11abb7bff1dc4f29000e145e123d608cf04b1/0_296_2438_1463/master/2438.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=50a327991971402e46d597937b690c2b)

### Related:

1. [An avalanche on Mount Nasu in Japan's Tochigi Prefecture, kills at least eight schoolchildren while the students were on a mountaineering excursion. There are three students and three teachers missing. ](/news/2017/03/27/an-avalanche-on-mount-nasu-in-japan-s-tochigi-prefecture-kills-at-least-eight-schoolchildren-while-the-students-were-on-a-mountaineering-ex.md) _Context: Japan, Tochigi Prefecture_
2. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, military_
3. [Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid-reports-of-a-possible-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, military_
4. [As part of its wider military build up along the Japanese archipelagos in the East China Sea, Japan activates a new radar station on the island of Yonaguni that is close to the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2016/03/28/as-part-of-its-wider-military-build-up-along-the-japanese-archipelagos-in-the-east-china-sea-japan-activates-a-new-radar-station-on-the-isl.md) _Context: Japan, military_
5. [Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-increased-activity-at-a-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, military_
6. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, military_
7. [Fist-fights erupt between legislators in the National Diet of Japan over a security bill that would allow Japan Self-Defense Forces to fight abroad. Japan had previously sent only a small amount of troops to Iraq. ](/news/2015/09/17/fist-fights-erupt-between-legislators-in-the-national-diet-of-japan-over-a-security-bill-that-would-allow-japan-self-defense-forces-to-fight.md) _Context: Japan, military_
8. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: Japan, military_
9. [Benigno Aquino, the President of the Philippines, says that his government will start discussions with Japan about allowing Japan Self-Defense Forces to refuel at Filipino bases allowing the extension of operations into the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/5/benigno-aquino-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-his-government-will-start-discussions-with-japan-about-allowing-japan-self-defen.md) _Context: Japan, military_
10. [Japan intends to increase spending for the Japan Self-Defense Forces and transform it into a modern military. ](/news/2013/12/17/japan-intends-to-increase-spending-for-the-japan-self-defense-forces-and-transform-it-into-a-modern-military.md) _Context: Japan, military_
