### [2003-02-13](/news/2003/02/13/index.md)

#  Austria bars US military units involved in the attack on Iraq from entering into or flying over its territories without a United Nations mandate to attack Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
2. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: Some in the international community have rejected a revised United States draft United Nations Security Council resolution concerning Iraq (calling for a multinational force of peacekeeping troops in Iraq under American command; transferring power gradually to elected civilian rule [though there is no handover timetable for sovereignty]). The resolution is being supported by the United Kingdom. France, Germany, and Russia (which opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq) have joined Kofi Annan in opposing the resolution. Annan states that the United Nations itself will not become heavily involved unless there are early moves toward passing sovereignty to the Iraqi people. Annan's stance is similar to that of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II and some members of the European Union.](/news/2003/10/6/occupation-of-iraq-some-in-the-international-community-have-rejected-a-revised-united-states-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolut.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
4. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard announces that Australian forces in Operation Falconer will completely pull out by June. The Bechtel Corporation is awarded a $680 million contract for the rebuilding of parts of Iraq's electricity system, water supplies and other key infrastructures. Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti, top advisor and half-brother of Saddam Hussein is captured by U.S. forces (the second of Hussein's half brothers captured this week). Save the Children announces that U.S. forces continue to prevent their airplane from landing in Arbil, Iraq to deliver medical supplies and emergency feeding kits. U.S. officials contend that the area is not yet safe, while the United Nations has already declared Arbil a "safe and secure" area. Martin Sullivan and Gary Vikan, of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Committee on Cultural Property, announced their resignations in protest of the US failure to prevent looting of the Iraqi National Museum.](/news/2003/04/17/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-announces-that-australian-forces-in-operation-falconer-will-completely-pull-out-by-june-the-bechtel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
5. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
6. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: Colin Powell meets with the United Nations Security Council to push for stronger resolutions against Iraq. In a surprise reversal, Iraq tells the United Nations it will allow weapons inspectors "immediately and without condition."](/news/2002/09/16/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-colin-powell-meets-with-the-united-nations-security-council-to-push-for-stronger-resolutions-against-iraq-in-a-s.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
9. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
10. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Austria, United Nations_
