### [2003-02-13](/news/2003/02/13/index.md)

#  U.S. Senate Democrats continue to threaten to filibuster the candidacy of Miguel Estrada for the D.C. Circuit Court. The Democrats argue that Estrada is too conservative and not answering all of their questions. Estrada was first nominated for the position in May 2001.




### Related:

1. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: United States Senate, filibuster_
2. [ A bipartisan group of fourteen U.S. Senators has successfully negotiated a compromise whereby a "nuclear option" showdown over judicial filibusters would be averted. ](/news/2005/05/23/a-bipartisan-group-of-fourteen-u-s-senators-has-successfully-negotiated-a-compromise-whereby-a-nuclear-option-showdown-over-judicial-fil.md) _Context: United States Senate, filibuster_
3. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States Senate_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush appoints Charles Pickering to the United States Court of Appeals. His nomination was filibustered in the U.S. Senate, so President Bush made a recess appointment.](/news/2004/01/16/u-s-president-george-w-bush-appoints-charles-pickering-to-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-his-nomination-was-filibustered-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: United States Senate, filibuster_
5. [ United States - Politics: Democratic intel memo by staff disturbs the US Senate. Senator Zell Miller (D-GA) states ""heads should roll"" over the memo of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that outlines a strategy to politicize intelligence data.](/news/2003/11/5/united-states-a-politics-democratic-intel-memo-by-staff-disturbs-the-us-senate-senator-zell-miller-d-ga-states-heads-should-roll.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States Senate_
6. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator Bob Graham of Florida announces his candidacy for the Democratic Party nomination of President.](/news/2003/02/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-bob-graham-of-florida-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-democratic-party-nomination-of-president.md) _Context: Democratic Party, United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
