### [2014-07-16](/news/2014/07/16/index.md)

# 2014 Pacific typhoon season:: Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda) hits the Philippines island of Luzon causing extensive damage and at least ten deaths. 

Go to NBCNews.com for breaking news, videos, and the latest top stories in world news, business, politics, health and pop culture.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/07/15/world/asia/philippines-typhoon-rammasun/)
2. [Reuters via NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/#/news/weather/typhoon-rammasun-wallops-philippines-leaving-least-ten-dead-n156181)

### Related:

1. [2014 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll from Typhoon Rammasun reaches 94 in the Philippines and 18 in southern China. ](/news/2014/07/20/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-from-typhoon-rammasun-reaches-94-in-the-philippines-and-18-in-southern-china.md) _Context: 2014 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda)_
2. [2014 Pacific typhoon season:: Typhoon Rammasun, which has killed at least 54 people in the Philippines, approaches the southern China provinces of Hainan and Guangdong. ](/news/2014/07/18/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-rammasun-which-has-killed-at-least-54-people-in-the-philippines-approaches-the-southern-china-provin.md) _Context: 2014 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda)_
3. [2014 Pacific typhoon season:: Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda) heads for southern China and northern Vietnam after killing at least 38 people in the Philippines with eight missing. ](/news/2014/07/17/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-rammasun-glenda-heads-for-southern-china-and-northern-vietnam-after-killing-at-least-38-people-in-th.md) _Context: 2014 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda)_
4. [2014 Pacific typhoon season:: The Philippines braces for the impact of Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda) which is expected to pass over the capital Manila causing flooding. Thousands have fled to evacuation centres and ports and airports in the country are closed ](/news/2014/07/15/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippines-braces-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-rammasun-glenda-which-is-expected-to-pass-over-the-capital.md) _Context: 2014 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda)_
5. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
6. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Sarika (Karen) arrives at Luzon, Philippines, with the storm's future direction predicted to be toward Vietnam. ](/news/2016/10/15/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-sarika-karen-arrives-at-luzon-philippines-with-the-storm-s-future-direction-predicted-to-be-toward.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
7. [North Korea-Philippines relations: The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/north-korea-philippines-relations-the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-resp.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
8. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Rising floodwaters are causing problems in the northern Philippines as Typhoon Koppu (Lando in the Philippines) is set to linger over the island of Luzon until Wednesday. Eleven people have died so far. ](/news/2015/10/19/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-rising-floodwaters-are-causing-problems-in-the-northern-philippines-as-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
9. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) makes landfall in northern Luzon in the Philippines with forecasters warning it could stay in the area for several days. Thousands of people have been evacuated or are stranded. ](/news/2015/10/18/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-makes-landfall-in-northern-luzon-in-the-philippines-with-forecasters-warning-it-could-sta.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
10. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) heads towards the Philippines island of Luzon where it is expected to make landfall as a Category 4 storm, linger and deposit up to 50 inches of rain in some areas. ](/news/2015/10/17/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-heads-towards-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-where-it-is-expected-to-make-landfall-as-a.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
