### [2010-03-14](/news/2010/03/14/index.md)

# Two French Triangle workers who were kidnapped in Birao, Central African Republic last November are released in Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8567203.stm)

### Related:

1. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Central-African, Darfur_
2. [ Central African Republic Bush War: Government troops in the Central African Republic, backed by French forces, have launched an offensive to retake the northeast town of Birao from rebels, and have recaptured its airport, a French military spokesman said. ](/news/2006/11/28/central-african-republic-bush-war-p-government-troops-in-the-central-african-republic-backed-by-french-forces-have-launched-an-offensive.md) _Context: Birao, Central-African_
3. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
4. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur_
5. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
6. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur_
7. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur_
8. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central-African_
