### [2013-08-11](/news/2013/08/11/index.md)

# Syrian officers reports that Syrian Army kills senior Saudi Arabian al-Qaeda commander Abu Malik al-Shahri, who is known as 'Bin Laden of Syria', in outskirt of Latakia. 




### Source:

1. [PressTV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/08/11/318238/top-alqaeda-commander-slain-in-syria/)

### Related:

1. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Saudi Arabia, al-Qaeda_
2. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, war_
3. [  The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, war_
4. [The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-division-in-maarrat-al-nu-man-killing-seven-fsa-fighters-wi.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, war_
5. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, war_
6. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, war_
7. [Saudi Arabian  Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian-peace-talks-sched.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, war_
8. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end  Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with  a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, war_
9. [Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states are reportedly 'stepping up' arms supplies to at least three Syrian rebel groups in response to the recent Russian intervention in the civil war. ](/news/2015/10/8/saudi-arabia-and-other-gulf-arab-states-are-reportedly-stepping-up-arms-supplies-to-at-least-three-syrian-rebel-groups-in-response-to-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, war_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, war_
