### [2013-08-11](/news/2013/08/11/index.md)

# Syrian civil war. Syrian officers reports that Syrian Army kills senior Saudi Arabian al-Qaeda commander Abu Malik al-Shahri, who is known as 'Bin Laden of Syria', in outskirt of Latakia. 




### Source:

1. [PressTV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/08/11/318238/top-alqaeda-commander-slain-in-syria/)

### Related:

1. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Saudi Arabia, al-Qaeda_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Syrian Civil War. War on Terrorism. The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Second Battle of Maarat al-Nu'man. The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/syrian-civil-war-second-battle-of-maarat-al-nu-man-the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-divisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir says the country's recent tensions with Iran will not interfere with Syrian peace talks scheduled to begin in Geneva, Switzerland, later this month. ](/news/2016/01/5/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabian-foreign-minister-adel-al-jubeir-says-the-country-s-recent-tensions-with-iran-will-not-interfere-with-syrian.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-civil-war-syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framewo.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states are reportedly 'stepping up' arms supplies to at least three Syrian rebel groups in response to the recent Russian intervention in the civil war. ](/news/2015/10/8/syrian-civil-war-foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabia-and-other-gulf-arab-states-are-reportedly-stepping-up-arms-sup.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syrian Civil War_
