### [2012-10-9](/news/2012/10/9/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. 

The death of Heriberto Lazcano, known as El Lazca and the main leader of the Zetas, was confirmed through fingerprint analysis, the navy said. But in an odd twist, the corpse was quickly stolen.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/10/world/americas/mexico-zetas.html?hp&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: Initial reports from the Mexican Navy indicate that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the most dangerous Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas, may have been killed in a shootout. The forensic tests are currently on their way to confirm his identity. ](/news/2012/10/8/mexican-drug-war-initial-reports-from-the-mexican-navy-indicate-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-most-dangerous-mexica.md) _Context: Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
3. [Mexican Drug War:: Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa. ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-galindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kill.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy kills Knights Templar Cartel high-ranking leader Enrique Plancarte Sols. [http://www.milenio.com/policia/Kike_Plancarte-templarios-lider_de_los_templarios-Enrique_Plancarte_0_272373335.html "(Milenio)"]](/news/2014/03/31/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-kills-knights-templar-cartel-high-ranking-leader-enrique-plancarte-solis-http-www-milenio-com-policia.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Navy_
5. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army captures Miguel Trevio Morales, the supreme leader of Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2013/07/15/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-captures-miguel-trevino-morales-the-supreme-leader-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War: Alleged members of Los Zetas, a drug cartel originally set up by former soldiers of the Mexican Army, attack several media outlets in Monterrey for publishing on a rumored split between the two principal Zetas bosses. ](/news/2012/08/6/mexican-drug-war-alleged-members-of-los-zetas-a-drug-cartel-originally-set-up-by-former-soldiers-of-the-mexican-army-attack-several-media.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army arrests another member of Los Zetas drug cartel responsible for decapitating 49 bodies and dumping them on a roadside in May 2012; the suspect is one of the 37 fugitives of the Apodaca prison riot earlier this year. ](/news/2012/08/3/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-arrests-another-member-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel-responsible-for-decapitating-49-bodies-and-dumping-them-o.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War: The dismembered remains of 7 bodies are found in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. The bodies are discovered along with a written message accusing the authorities of cooperating with the Sinaloa Cartel, suggesting that the message may have been written by Los Zetas. ](/news/2012/06/5/mexican-drug-war-the-dismembered-remains-of-7-bodies-are-found-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-bodies-are-discovered-along-with-a-writ.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War:: 15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. "El Chapo"), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/9/mexican-drug-war-15-mutilated-bodies-are-found-inside-two-abandoned-suvs-in-the-state-of-jalisco-a-region-that-is-under-dispute-between-l.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
