### [2004-05-23](/news/2004/05/23/index.md)

#  Israeli Justice Minister Tommy Lapid causes consternation when he says that an image of an old Arab woman rummaging through rubble in Rafah reminded him of his grandmother, a Holocaust victim. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3742365.stm)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
2. [A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. ](/news/2014/08/1/a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-the-un-and-usa-which-began-at-08-00-falls-apart-with-each-side-accusing-the-other-party-of-breaching-the-cea.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
3. [The prison sentence of Sabbar Kashur, a married Arab man convicted by Israel of "rape by deception" after telling the accuser that he's Jewish and single, is delayed as he attempts an appeal. ](/news/2010/08/4/the-prison-sentence-of-sabbar-kashur-a-married-arab-man-convicted-by-israel-of-rape-by-deception-after-telling-the-accuser-that-he-s-jewi.md) _Context: Arab, Israel_
4. [An Arab residing in Israel is convicted of "rape by deception" and jailed for 18 months for having consensual sexual intercourse in 2008 with an Israeli woman alleged to believe he was Jewish. ](/news/2010/07/21/an-arab-residing-in-israel-is-convicted-of-rape-by-deception-and-jailed-for-18-months-for-having-consensual-sexual-intercourse-in-2008-wit.md) _Context: Arab, Israel_
5. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
6. [ After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-planes-launch-air-strikes-on-several.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
7. [Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egyptian-border-in.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
8. [ Holocaust survivors protest outside the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert's office over the level of support from Israel. ](/news/2007/08/5/holocaust-survivors-protest-outside-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-s-office-over-the-level-of-support-from-israel.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Israel, Rafah_
