### [2004-05-23](/news/2004/05/23/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin asks Governor General Adrienne Clarkson to dissolve Parliament; an election will be held on June 28. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/05/23/canada/elxncall040523)

### Related:

1. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Adrienne Clarkson, Canadian Prime Minister, Governor General, Paul Martin_
2. [ Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin will announce on Thursday that Michalle Jean has been chosen to succeed Adrienne Clarkson as Governor General of Canada. ](/news/2005/08/3/prime-minister-of-canada-paul-martin-will-announce-on-thursday-that-michaelle-jean-has-been-chosen-to-succeed-adrienne-clarkson-as-governor.md) _Context: Adrienne Clarkson, Canadian Prime Minister, Governor General, Paul Martin_
3. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. ](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Governor General, Paul Martin_
4. [Politics of Canada: Natural Resources Minister Herb Dhaliwal, Canada's first Indo-Canadian cabinet minister, announces he is leaving politics. Dhaliwal intends to quit his ministerial post when incoming Prime Minister Paul Martin swears in a new cabinet on December 12, and has indicated he will not seek re-election in the anticipated 2004 election. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/03/dhaliwal_031203]](/news/2003/12/3/politics-of-canada-natural-resources-minister-herb-dhaliwal-canada-s-first-indo-canadian-cabinet-minister-announces-he-is-leaving-politic.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
5. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Governor General, Parliament of Canada_
6. [The Governor-General of Canada David Johnston dissolves the Parliament of Canada and issues writs for the Canadian federal election. ](/news/2011/03/26/the-governor-general-of-canada-david-johnston-dissolves-the-parliament-of-canada-and-issues-writs-for-the-canadian-federal-election.md) _Context: Governor General, Parliament of Canada_
7. [ 2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: At the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor General of Canada Michalle Jean prorogues the parliament until January 26, 2009, to avoid a confidence motion by a newly-formed coalition of opposition parties. ](/news/2008/12/4/2008-canadian-parliamentary-dispute-at-the-request-of-prime-minister-stephen-harper-governor-general-of-canada-michaelle-jean-prorogues-t.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Governor General_
8. [ A young Canadian man is found guilty in the 2006 Toronto terrorism case of participating in a plot to storm the Parliament of Canada and behead the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper. ](/news/2008/09/25/a-young-canadian-man-is-found-guilty-in-the-2006-toronto-terrorism-case-of-participating-in-a-plot-to-storm-the-parliament-of-canada-and-be.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Parliament of Canada_
9. [ 2006 Toronto terrorism case: Toronto police uncover an alleged subplot where Steven Vikash Chand, alias Abdul Shakur, intended to lead an invasion of the Parliament of Canada building and assassinate Prime Minister Stephen Harper. ](/news/2006/06/6/2006-toronto-terrorism-case-toronto-police-uncover-an-alleged-subplot-where-steven-vikash-chand-alias-abdul-shakur-intended-to-lead-an-i.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Parliament of Canada_
10. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
