### [2010-02-6](/news/2010/02/6/index.md)

# Mark Durkan, former Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland, resigns as leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP). 

As Mark Durkan steps down after nine years as the leader of the SDLP, Noel McAdam looks at his legacy


### Source:

1. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/politics/no-more-mr-nice-guy-as-mark-durkan-era-ends-14668762.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/weekend/2010/0206/1224263870656.html)

### Related:

1. [Social Development Minister Margaret Ritchie defeats Alasdair McDonnell in an election to become leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) following Mark Durkan's resignation yesterday. She is the first woman to take charge of the party in its history and the first female leader of a major party in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/02/7/social-development-minister-margaret-ritchie-defeats-alasdair-mcdonnell-in-an-election-to-become-leader-of-the-social-democratic-and-labour.md) _Context: Mark Durkan, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
2. [Former Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume receives the papal knighthood at a special Mass in Derry's St Eugene's Cathedral. ](/news/2012/10/6/former-social-democratic-and-labour-party-leader-john-hume-receives-the-papal-knighthood-at-a-special-mass-in-derry-s-st-eugene-s-cathedral.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
3. [South Belfast MP Alasdair McDonnell is elected leader of Northern Ireland's Social Democratic and Labour Party, replacing Margaret Ritchie who stepped down in September. ](/news/2011/11/5/south-belfast-mp-alasdair-mcdonnell-is-elected-leader-of-northern-ireland-s-social-democratic-and-labour-party-replacing-margaret-ritchie-w.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
4. [Sinn Fein nominate John O'Dowd to replace Martin McGuinness on a temporary basis as deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/09/19/sinn-fa-c-in-nominate-john-o-dowd-to-replace-martin-mcguinness-on-a-temporary-basis-as-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
5. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
6. [Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader and South Down MP Margaret Ritchie resigns from the Northern Ireland Executive. Alex Attwood is the new Minister for Social Development. ](/news/2010/05/24/social-democratic-and-labour-party-sdlp-leader-and-south-down-mp-margaret-ritchie-resigns-from-the-northern-ireland-executive-alex-attwoo.md) _Context: Social Democratic and Labour Party_
7. [The BBC's "Spotlight" programme reveals that Iris Robinson, former UK MP and wife of the First Minister of Northern Ireland, helped a 19 year old male who she was having a relationship with receive funding for a business project. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-bbc-s-spotlight-programme-reveals-that-iris-robinson-former-uk-mp-and-wife-of-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-helped-a-19-yea.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
8. [Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. ](/news/2010/01/6/iris-robinson-the-wife-of-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-admits-having-previously-attempted-suicide-her-husband-peter-robinson-gives-a.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
9. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
10. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
