### [2006-03-28](/news/2006/03/28/index.md)

#  Former Liberian President Charles Taylor disappears after Nigeria agrees to extradite him to face war crime charges in Sierra Leone. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4853158.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is captured after disappearing in Nigeria and is extradited to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/29/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-is-captured-after-disappearing-in-nigeria-and-is-extradited-to-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Nigeria, President, Sierra Leone, extradited_
2. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
3. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
4. [ Dutch lumber merchant Guus van Kouwenhoven is charged with war crimes and arms smuggling to then-president Charles Taylor during civil war in Liberia ](/news/2005/03/21/dutch-lumber-merchant-guus-van-kouwenhoven-is-charged-with-war-crimes-and-arms-smuggling-to-then-president-charles-taylor-during-civil-war.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, war crime_
5. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Liberia, war crime_
6. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambia's Chief Justice sets January 10, 2017, for the hearing by the Supreme Court, made up of judges from Nigeria and Sierra Leone, of President Yahya Jammeh's ruling party's legal challenge of the December 1 election results. ](/news/2016/12/21/gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambia-s-chief-justice-sets-january-10-2017-for-the-hearing-by-the-supreme-court-made-up-of-judges-f.md) _Context: Nigeria, Sierra Leone_
7. [South Sudanese Civil War: A long-awaited report released by an African Union investigative team led by former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo describes atrocities and the discovery of mass graves in South Sudan, citing government forces and their allies as responsible parties. ](/news/2015/10/29/south-sudanese-civil-war-a-long-awaited-report-released-by-an-african-union-investigative-team-led-by-former-nigerian-president-olusegun-ob.md) _Context: Nigeria, war crime_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Ebola virus cases in the United States: United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Liberia, Sierra Leone_
