### [2006-03-28](/news/2006/03/28/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: for the first time, a Katyusha rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip. The IDF says the attack is a "clear escalation". 

Palestinian militants for the first time fired a longer-range Russian-made Katyusha rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel on Tuesday, the Israeli army confirmed. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4855056.stm)
2. [JPost](http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1143498754886&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull)
3. [MSNBC](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/12052666/)

### Related:

1. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, rocket_
2. [ An Israeli Defense Forces air raid injures nine people in the Gaza Strip in response to continued militant rocket fire. ](/news/2009/01/29/an-israeli-defense-forces-air-raid-injures-nine-people-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-continued-militant-rocket-fire.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, rocket_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah.  Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Military stations troops and artillery on the edge of Gaza and seals the borders of the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-military-stations-troops-and-artillery-on-the-edge-of-gaza-and-seals-the-borders-of-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestini.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
