### [2006-03-28](/news/2006/03/28/index.md)

#  Over a million protesters join large protests in France amid strikes against the new contrat premire embauche, which protesters say will harm job stability for workers under the age of 26. Violent clashes with the police in Paris are reported.  




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-03-28T170729Z_01_L27580342_RTRUKOC_0_UK-FRANCE.xml)

### Related:

1. [ French youths set fire to cars and loot shops in Paris during protests against the ''contrat premire embauche'' law that Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin had agreed to discuss with unions. ](/news/2006/03/23/french-youths-set-fire-to-cars-and-loot-shops-in-paris-during-protests-against-the-contrat-premiere-embauche-law-that-prime-minister-do.md) _Context: 2006 labor protests in France, Paris, contrat première embauche_
2. [ 2006 labor protests in France: Three million people march against the First Employment Contract (CPE) law, 700 000 in Paris. Student organizations call for a general strike. ](/news/2006/04/4/2006-labor-protests-in-france-three-million-people-march-against-the-first-employment-contract-cpe-law-700-000-in-paris-student-organi.md) _Context: 2006 labor protests in France, general strike_
3. [ 2006 labor protests in France: In Paris, and other major French cities, hundreds of thousands of people march in protest of the Contrat de premire embauche (First Employment Contract), a labor law set to take effect in April that gives employers the right to fire workers under the age of 26 in the first two years of their employment without justification.](/news/2006/03/18/2006-labor-protests-in-france-in-paris-and-other-major-french-cities-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-protest-of-the-contrat-de.md) _Context: 2006 labor protests in France, Paris_
4. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: riot police_
5. [Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
6. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Paris_
7. [French security forces shoot suspect Ziyed Ben Belgacem dead in Paris' Orly Airport after he put the pellet gun to her head and took away an assault rifle from one of three soldiers from "Sentinelle" operation patrolling the airport. Belgacem had earlier shot a police officer with a pellet gun. Later, he had threatened a bar and then carjacked another vehicle to the airport. ](/news/2017/03/18/french-security-forces-shoot-suspect-ziyed-ben-belgacem-dead-in-paris-orly-airport-after-he-put-the-pellet-gun-to-her-head-and-took-away-an.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [A French Army soldier shoots and wounds a man armed with a knife who was trying to enter an underground shopping area near the Louvre in Paris. The museum was evacuated. ](/news/2017/02/3/a-french-army-soldier-shoots-and-wounds-a-man-armed-with-a-knife-who-was-trying-to-enter-an-underground-shopping-area-near-the-louvre-in-par.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: Paris_
