### [2006-10-22](/news/2006/10/22/index.md)

#  Alberto Fernandez, Director of Office of Press and Public Diplomacy in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs at the United States Department of State, apologises for saying the United States Government has shown "arrogance and stupidity" in Iraq. 

Alberto Fernandez apologized for saying that the U.S. had acted with “arrogance” and “stupidity” in its campaign in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/23/world/23diplo.html?_r=1&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cu.md) _Context: United States State Department_
2. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: United States State Department_
3. [North Korea-United States relations. After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: United States State Department_
4. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: United States State Department_
6. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States_
7. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: United States State Department_
8. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: United States State Department_
9. [Russia-United States relations. 2016 United States election interference by Russia. The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/russia-united-states-relations-2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-wi.md) _Context: United States State Department_
10. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine Drug War. United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: United States State Department_
