### [2010-09-16](/news/2010/09/16/index.md)

# Mexico celebrates 200 years of independence from Spain. 

Mexico is celebrating 200 years of independence as authorities attempt to stem the wave of violent crime gripping the country.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/centralamericaandthecaribbean/mexico/8005621/Mexico-celebrates-bicentennial-amid-tight-security.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Mexico_
2. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico_
3. [Crime in Mexico. A prison riot between rival gangs in Acapulco, Mexico, leaves at least 28 inmates dead. ](/news/2017/07/6/crime-in-mexico-a-prison-riot-between-rival-gangs-in-acapulco-mexico-leaves-at-least-28-inmates-dead.md) _Context: Mexico_
4. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
5. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
6. [Salvador Dali. The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [IUCN Red List. American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/iucn-red-list-american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porp.md) _Context: Mexico_
8. [Mexico-United States wall. United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/mexico-united-states-wall-united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico_
9. [Mexican Drug War. An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: Spain_
