### [2003-09-10](/news/2003/09/10/index.md)

#  Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
2. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: Iraq, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
3. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Al-Jazeera broadcasts an audiotape purporting to be from Osama bin Laden calling on Al-Qaeda in Iraq and other Sunni militants to unite forces. ](/news/2007/10/22/al-jazeera-broadcasts-an-audiotape-purporting-to-be-from-osama-bin-laden-calling-on-al-qaeda-in-iraq-and-other-sunni-militants-to-unite-for.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden, audiotape_
5. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Ayman al-Zawahri, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
6. [ According to an investigative report by Ron Suskind, Al-Qaeda was 45 days from launching a gas attack on the New York City subway when it was called off by Osama bin Laden's second-in-command, Ayman al-Zawahri, in 2003. ](/news/2006/06/18/according-to-an-investigative-report-by-ron-suskind-al-qaeda-was-45-days-from-launching-a-gas-attack-on-the-new-york-city-subway-when-it-w.md) _Context: Ayman al-Zawahri, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
7. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
8. [ Terrorism: Pakistan dismisses and condemns al-Qaida terrorist network threat against President Pervez Musharraf, saying the war against terrorism will continue. Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan states (in Islamabad) Pakistan will not be deterred by such threats. The identity of the speaker on the audio tape or the authenticity of the tape has not been verified. The message was attributed to al-Qaida's second-ranking leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and was aired on Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya.](/news/2003/09/29/terrorism-pakistan-dismisses-and-condemns-al-qaida-terrorist-network-threat-against-president-pervez-musharraf-saying-the-war-against-ter.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Ayman al-Zawahri, terrorism_
9. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: Iraq, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
10. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Arabic, Iraq_
