### [2003-09-10](/news/2003/09/10/index.md)

#  Terrorism: Al-Qaida sued over September 11 attacks. Major insurance companies are suing al-Qaida and Middle Eastern governments in a bid to recover billions of dollars in losses related to the September 11 attacks.




### Related:

1. [ Seventy suspected Taliban or Al Qaida terrorists are said to have been killed in a Pakistani air raid close to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. Several civilians are also believed to have been killed. ](/news/2004/09/9/seventy-suspected-taliban-or-al-qaida-terrorists-are-said-to-have-been-killed-in-a-pakistani-air-raid-close-to-the-pakistan-afghanistan-bor.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
2. [ Terrorism: Pakistan dismisses and condemns al-Qaida terrorist network threat against President Pervez Musharraf, saying the war against terrorism will continue. Pakistan Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan states (in Islamabad) Pakistan will not be deterred by such threats. The identity of the speaker on the audio tape or the authenticity of the tape has not been verified. The message was attributed to al-Qaida's second-ranking leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, and was aired on Al Jazeera and Al-Arabiya.](/news/2003/09/29/terrorism-pakistan-dismisses-and-condemns-al-qaida-terrorist-network-threat-against-president-pervez-musharraf-saying-the-war-against-ter.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
3. [ Terrorists associated with al-Qaida releases a statement in which it claims responsibility for the blackout. The statement says that the group acted on Osama bin Laden's orders.](/news/2003/08/18/terrorists-associated-with-al-qaida-releases-a-statement-in-which-it-claims-responsibility-for-the-blackout-the-statement-says-that-the-gr.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism: Suspected al-Qaida terrorist Yassir al-Jaziri, is arrested in eastern Pakistan. He is believed to be among the leading al-Qaida members wanted by the United States.](/news/2003/03/15/war-on-terrorism-suspected-al-qaida-terrorist-yassir-al-jaziri-is-arrested-in-eastern-pakistan-he-is-believed-to-be-among-the-leading-al.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush signs the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act into law, creating a federal backstop for insurance claims related to acts of terrorism.](/news/2002/11/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-signs-the-terrorism-risk-insurance-act-into-law-creating-a-federal-backstop-for-insurance-claims-related-to.md) _Context: insure, terrorism_
6. [ Terrorism: The U.S. government announced that it had prevented an al-Qaida attempt to construct and detonate a radiological weapon (sometimes called a "dirty bomb") in the United States.](/news/2002/06/10/terrorism-the-u-s-government-announced-that-it-had-prevented-an-al-qaida-attempt-to-construct-and-detonate-a-radiological-weapon-sometim.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, terrorism_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
