### [2003-09-10](/news/2003/09/10/index.md)

#  Terrorism: Imam Samudra became the second Bali bomber to be sentenced to death by firing squad for his role in the October 12 atrocity which killed 202 people. Samudra greeted the sentence with chants of "Allahu Akbar" ("God is great").




### Related:

1. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Bali, terrorism_
2. [More than 134,000 people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, have been taken to shelters as the Mount Agung volcano continues to release smoke. The alert level for an eruption has been raised to the second highest level, 4. In addition, the entire population of Vanuatu's Aoba Island, also at alert level 4, is being moved from the path of the increasingly active Lombenben volcano. ](/news/2017/09/28/more-than-134-000-people-on-the-island-of-bali-indonesia-have-been-taken-to-shelters-as-the-mount-agung-volcano-continues-to-release-smoke.md) _Context: Bali_
3. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Bali_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [At least seven people have been killed in the Bangli Regency of Bali after a landslide caused by torrential rain. ](/news/2017/02/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-in-the-bangli-regency-of-bali-after-a-landslide-caused-by-torrential-rain.md) _Context: Bali_
8. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [An explosion on a tourist speed boat kills two people and injures 20 others shortly after departing from the Indonesian port of Padangbai in Karangasem, Bali. ](/news/2016/09/15/an-explosion-on-a-tourist-speed-boat-kills-two-people-and-injures-20-others-shortly-after-departing-from-the-indonesian-port-of-padangbai-in.md) _Context: Bali_
10. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
