### [2003-09-10](/news/2003/09/10/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: Israel states that an "unwritten and abstract" axis with India and the United States has been created to combat international terrorism and make the world a more secure place for all.




### Related:

1. [ Arab-Israeli Conflict: The Knesset passes a law against terrorism and against support of terrorism. The controversial law prohibits funding terrorists. It also prohibits aiding the families of perceived terrorists and institutes inciting for terrorism. The law will give Israel the right to confiscate property and funds of any perceived terrorist organization, even though if they do not target Israel or Israelis. The law is part of the state's legal war against terrorism and was approved 62-6. ](/news/2004/12/29/arab-israeli-conflict-the-knesset-passes-a-law-against-terrorism-and-against-support-of-terrorism-the-controversial-law-prohibits-funding.md) _Context: Israel, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
2. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
3. [The Israeli Knesset approves an amendment to the Nationality Law in a 37-11 vote. The amendment empowers the Israeli court system to revoke the citizenships of Israeli citizens convicted of terrorism, aiding the enemy in wartime, causing war, serving in enemy forces or espionage.](/news/2011/03/29/the-israeli-knesset-approves-an-amendment-to-the-nationality-law-in-a-37-11-vote-the-amendment-empowers-the-israeli-court-system-to-revoke.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
4. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
5. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
6. [ The "Washington Post" reveals that the current United States administration turned down an Iranian attempt to settle disagreements about recognizing the right of existence of Israel and alleged Iranian support of terrorism in 2003. ](/news/2006/06/18/the-washington-post-reveals-that-the-current-united-states-administration-turned-down-an-iranian-attempt-to-settle-disagreements-about-re.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
7. [ The British Foreign Minister Jack Straw comments on Israeli actions in the Gaza Strip, saying that the United Kingdom "unreservedly condemns all acts of terrorism including the firing of Qassam rockets", but that "Israel has an obligation under international law to ensure that its response to terrorism is proportionate to the threat it faces, as well as a duty to avoid innocent civilian casualties", and that "&#91;Israel&#93; is not meeting those obligations". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-british-foreign-minister-jack-straw-comments-on-israeli-actions-in-the-gaza-strip-saying-that-the-united-kingdom-unreservedly-condemn.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
8. [ Israel raids four banks in the West Bank seizing currency amounting to over 6 million dollars from accounts which it alleged had been used to fund terrorism. Israel claims it will use the funds for humanitarian projects in Palestinian areas. The U.S. State Department criticized the Israeli raid, and Palestinian Arabs condemned it utterly. ](/news/2004/02/26/israel-raids-four-banks-in-the-west-bank-seizing-currency-amounting-to-over-6-million-dollars-from-accounts-which-it-alleged-had-been-used.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
9. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism: Saudi Arabian authorities have broken up, for the second time, a militant ring in Mecca amid a wide crackdown on Islamic extremists. The police combated militants in the streets of the holy city of Mecca, killing two of the suspects and uncovering a large cache of weapons. The raid on two buildings in Mecca's al-Share'a neighborhood foiled a terrorist operation "that did not respect the sanctity of holy places and the month of Ramadan".](/news/2003/11/3/war-on-terrorism-saudi-arabian-authorities-have-broken-up-for-the-second-time-a-militant-ring-in-mecca-amid-a-wide-crackdown-on-islamic.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, terrorism_
