### [1999-02-23](/news/1999/02/23/index.md)

#  Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah calan is charged with treason in Ankara, Turkey.




### Related:

1. [ The European Court of Human Rights rules that Turkey's 1999 trial of Kurdish leader Abdullah calan was not fair. ](/news/2005/05/12/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-turkey-s-1999-trial-of-kurdish-leader-abdullah-ocalan-was-not-fair.md) _Context: Abdullah calan, Kurd, Turkey_
2. [ Across Europe, Kurdish rebels take over embassies and hold hostages after Turkey arrested one of their rebel leaders, Abdullah calan.](/news/1999/02/16/across-europe-kurdish-rebels-take-over-embassies-and-hold-hostages-after-turkey-arrested-one-of-their-rebel-leaders-abdullah-ocalan.md) _Context: Abdullah calan, Kurd, Turkey_
3. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
4. [Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
5. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
6. [A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition, in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-turkey-s-tunceli-province-th.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
7. [Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-closer-to-isil-s-de.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
8. [Turkey's Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/turkeyas-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-will-be-made-public-later-to.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
9. [An explosion occurs in central Ankara, Turkey, with at least 34 people killed and 125 wounded. ](/news/2016/03/13/an-explosion-occurs-in-central-ankara-turkey-with-at-least-34-people-killed-and-125-wounded.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Kurd, Turkey_
