### [1999-02-23](/news/1999/02/23/index.md)

#  The R&B trio TLC releases their third album FanMail after their five year hiatus from the release of their second album in 1994, CrazySexyCool. It debuted at #1 on this billboard 200 and spent 5 non-consecutive weeks at #1. This was the last TLC studio album released with all three original members living, rapper Lisa Lopes would die in a treacherous car accident in Honduras just three years later, in 2002.




### Related:

1. [ R&B Super Group, TLC released their fourth studio album, 3D (TLC album), seven months after the tragic death of their band member, rapper Lisa Lopes, resulting from a deadly car accident in the Honduras.](/news/2002/11/12/r-b-super-group-tlc-released-their-fourth-studio-album-3d-tlc-album-seven-months-after-the-tragic-death-of-their-band-member-rapper-l.md) _Context: Honduras, Lisa Lopes, TLC_
2. [Singer/rapper Lisa Lopes, better known as "Left Eye" of the group TLC, dies in a car accident in Honduras.](/news/2002/04/25/singer-rapper-lisa-lopes-better-known-as-left-eye-of-the-group-tlc-dies-in-a-car-accident-in-honduras.md) _Context: Honduras, Lisa Lopes_
3. [Four people, including a pregnant woman, are killed and dozens injured when a rush of fans try to enter an already-at-capacity Tiburcio Caras Andino Stadium before the Honduran Clausura final in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. Police are investigating possible overselling of tickets. ](/news/2017/05/28/four-people-including-a-pregnant-woman-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-when-a-rush-of-fans-try-to-enter-an-already-at-capacity-tiburcio-cari.md) _Context: Honduras_
4. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua not far from the Honduran border. "La Prensa" reports the walls of a church collapsed in the city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a-chu.md) _Context: Honduras_
5. [Gunmen dressed in police uniforms kill at least ten people in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa. ](/news/2016/03/5/gunmen-dressed-in-police-uniforms-kill-at-least-ten-people-in-the-honduran-capital-of-tegucigalpa.md) _Context: Honduras_
6. [El Salvador's murder rate surges by 70% in 2015, an increase that may lead to the Central American nation edging out Honduras as the world's most murderous nation. ](/news/2015/12/29/el-salvador-s-murder-rate-surges-by-70-in-2015-an-increase-that-may-lead-to-the-central-american-nation-edging-out-honduras-as-the-world-s.md) _Context: Honduras_
7. [An archaeological expedition claims to have found the legendary White City in northeastern Honduras, with artifacts that range in dates from the 11th to 14th century. ](/news/2015/03/3/an-archaeological-expedition-claims-to-have-found-the-legendary-white-city-in-northeastern-honduras-with-artifacts-that-range-in-dates-from.md) _Context: Honduras_
8. [Maria Jose Alvarado, a 19-year-old Miss World competitor, is found fatally shot and buried along with her 23-year-old sister Sofia Trinidad in Santa Barbara, Honduras. The boyfriend of Sofia Trinidad, Plutarco Ruiz and an accomplice are arrested. ](/news/2014/11/19/maria-jose-alvarado-a-19-year-old-miss-world-competitor-is-found-fatally-shot-and-buried-along-with-her-23-year-old-sister-sofia-trinidad.md) _Context: Honduras_
9. [A 7.4 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with a tsunami warning issued for the Pacific Ocean coasts of El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-7-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued-for-the-pacific-ocean-coasts-of-el-salvador-ni.md) _Context: Honduras_
10. [Voters in Honduras go to the polls to select a new President, Congress, local government officials and representatives in the Central American Parliament. ](/news/2013/11/24/voters-in-honduras-go-to-the-polls-to-select-a-new-president-congress-local-government-officials-and-representatives-in-the-central-americ.md) _Context: Honduras_
