### [1999-02-23](/news/1999/02/23/index.md)

#  White supremacist John William King is found guilty of kidnapping and killing African American James Byrd Jr. by dragging him behind a truck for two miles (3 km).




### Related:

1. [ In Jasper, Texas, testimony begins in the trial of John William King who is accused of dragging African American James Byrd Jr. to death in an apparent hate crime. King was later convicted and sentenced to the death penalty.](/news/1999/02/16/in-jasper-texas-testimony-begins-in-the-trial-of-john-william-king-who-is-accused-of-dragging-african-american-james-byrd-jr-to-death-in.md) _Context: African-American, James Byrd Jr._
2. [2017 Chicago torture incident: Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/2017-chicago-torture-incident-chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves.md) _Context: African-American_
3. [A Kansas court convicts white supremacist Frazier Glenn Miller, Jr. (also known as Frazier Glenn Cross) of three counts of murder outside two Jewish centers. ](/news/2015/08/31/a-kansas-court-convicts-white-supremacist-frazier-glenn-miller-jr-also-known-as-frazier-glenn-cross-of-three-counts-of-murder-outside-tw.md) _Context: white supremacist_
4. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: African-American_
5. [Officials in Florida refuse to allow Bill Lee, the police chief who did not arrest George Zimmerman after he shot and killed unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin, to resign. George Zimmerman, now facing a murder charge, is released on bail and taken to a secret location. ](/news/2012/04/23/officials-in-florida-refuse-to-allow-bill-lee-the-police-chief-who-did-not-arrest-george-zimmerman-after-he-shot-and-killed-unarmed-black-t.md) _Context: African-American_
6. [The trial of two South African farm workers for the murder of Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging white supremacist Eugene Terre'Blanche begins. ](/news/2011/10/10/the-trial-of-two-south-african-farm-workers-for-the-murder-of-afrikaner-weerstandsbeweging-white-supremacist-euga-ne-terre-blanche-begins.md) _Context: white supremacist_
7. [White supremacist David Lynch, the co-founder of the American Front, is killed in Sacramento County, California with police detaining a person in connection with the incident. ](/news/2011/03/3/white-supremacist-david-lynch-the-co-founder-of-the-american-front-is-killed-in-sacramento-county-california-with-police-detaining-a-pers.md) _Context: white supremacist_
8. [A new study has found that the gap in wealth between white and black Americans increased by more than four times between 1984 and 2007. ](/news/2010/05/18/a-new-study-has-found-that-the-gap-in-wealth-between-white-and-black-americans-increased-by-more-than-four-times-between-1984-and-2007.md) _Context: African-American_
9. [ U.S. President Barack Obama arranged a meeting with police officer Sgt. James Crowley and African American public intellectual Henry Louis Gates at the White House in a bid to quell a dispute over racial profiling that arose from an altercation between the two of them. ](/news/2009/07/30/u-s-president-barack-obama-arranged-a-meeting-with-police-officer-sgt-james-crowley-and-african-american-public-intellectual-henry-louis.md) _Context: African-American_
10. [ At least two people are shot at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington D.C., with an elderly white supremacist as the main suspect. ](/news/2009/06/10/at-least-two-people-are-shot-at-the-united-states-holocaust-memorial-museum-in-washington-d-c-with-an-elderly-white-supremacist-as-the-ma.md) _Context: white supremacist_
