### [2003-08-31](/news/2003/08/31/index.md)

#  "Occupation of Iraq": American and Iraqi officials are discussing the possibility of forming a large Iraqi militia or paramilitary force to help improve security in the country. 




### Related:

1. [ Eleven people are killed and 20 wounded in clashes between Iraqi militias and the United States Army in the Sadr City district of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/05/13/eleven-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-clashes-between-iraqi-militias-and-the-united-states-army-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, militia_
2. [ Moqtada al-Sadr suspends the activities of his Mehdi Army militia in Iraq for six months. ](/news/2007/08/29/moqtada-al-sadr-suspends-the-activities-of-his-mehdi-army-militia-in-iraq-for-six-months.md) _Context: Iraq, militia_
3. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Iraq, militia_
4. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
5. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Poland assumes a position in postwar Iraq. The coalition in Iraq hands over the south-central part of the country to a force led by Poland. The force of Polish troops leads a multinational peacekeeping brigade that will relieve Coalition forces (in particular the United States Marine expeditionary force). This is Poland's biggest military operation since World War&nbsp;II. This is also the first sign of the global community's commitment to a postwar Iraq. Secretary of State Colin Powell seeks support from Britain, France, Germany, and Russia on a proposed United Nations resolution that would give the United Nations a role in Iraq's economic and political future. Coalition soldiers strongly desire to see more troops from other nations share the work of occupation.](/news/2003/09/3/occupation-of-iraq-poland-assumes-a-position-in-postwar-iraq-the-coalition-in-iraq-hands-over-the-south-central-part-of-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: Nine rebels in north Iraq are killed. Coalition troops kill nine guerrillas, the biggest toll for more than a month, in scattered action over northern Iraq in the past 24 hours. Major Josslyn Aberle states "The enemy are becoming more desperate as we pursue them."](/news/2003/09/25/occupation-of-iraq-nine-rebels-in-north-iraq-are-killed-coalition-troops-kill-nine-guerrillas-the-biggest-toll-for-more-than-a-month-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
8. [ Iraq: A car bomb explodes near the headquarters of Coalition trained police in Baghdad, killing an Iraqi police officer and wounding up to 10 bystanders.url=http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2003/02/24/iraq/main541815.shtml PM Appeals For Reconciliation February 2003 publisher= October 2015 Observers saw the incident as an attempt to destabilize the new Iraqi governing body. (See 2003 occupation of Iraq timeline)](/news/2003/09/2/iraq-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-the-headquarters-of-coalition-trained-police-in-baghdad-killing-an-iraqi-police-officer-and-wounding-up-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
9. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: United Nations Security council members are split on the issue of Iraq. France, Russia, People's Republic of China, and Germany are proposing differing ways to expand the United Nations mandate in Iraq beyond humanitarian aid and reconstruction. Secretary of State of the United States Colin Powell states that there is no plan to cede authority to the United Nations from the Coalition forces. Powell also sought a new Security Council resolution that would involve other nations to contribute troops and aid in securing and rebuilding Iraq.](/news/2003/08/22/occupation-of-iraq-united-nations-security-council-members-are-split-on-the-issue-of-iraq-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq war_
