### [2003-08-31](/news/2003/08/31/index.md)

#  Terrorist: Terrorism group Jemaah Islamiyah has schemes, revealed in a 40-page manifesto (the Pupji book or "General Guide to the Struggle of Jemaah Islamiyah"), for a suicide bombing campaign designed to change Asia and the Pacific region into Islamic provinces. Jemaah Islamiyah is also shown to be a well-formed organization with a constitution, rules of operation, and leadership structure.




### Related:

1. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Jemaah Islamiyah, suicide bombing, terrorism_
2. [ Terrorism: Hambali, an important leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, is in U.S. custody after being captured in Thailand.](/news/2003/08/14/terrorism-hambali-an-important-leader-of-jemaah-islamiyah-is-in-u-s-custody-after-being-captured-in-thailand.md) _Context: Jemaah Islamiyah, terrorism_
3. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
4. [A coordinated suicide bombing attack on a police station in the town of Gardez in Paktia Province results in dozens of people killed and injured. ](/news/2017/06/18/a-coordinated-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-police-station-in-the-town-of-gardez-in-paktia-province-results-in-dozens-of-people-killed-and-inj.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
5. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
6. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
