### [2003-08-31](/news/2003/08/31/index.md)

#  The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency declassifies carbon dioxide as a pollutant, a move seen as leading to the elimination of restrictions on industrial emissions of the controversial gas. Climate scientists have debated carbon dioxide's role in global warming for over a decade, with most voices (though notably fewer within the US) calling it the biggest factor, while others call it negligible. 




### Related:

1. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-longer-sponsor-the-climate-leadership-awards-program-that.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, global warming_
2. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: global warming_
3. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
4. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
5. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C C O. The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-a-greenhouse-ga.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
6. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
7. [Terminix, in the U.S. District Court in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, admits it "knowingly" applied fumigants including methyl bromide, which the EPA banned for residential use in 1984, at a resort in St. John that seriously sickened a family of four, and agrees to pay $10 million in fines and restitution. ](/news/2016/03/29/terminix-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-st-thomas-virgin-islands-admits-it-knowingly-applied-fumigants-including-methyl-bromide-which.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
8. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: global warming_
9. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensive-v.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
10. [French national public television broadcaster France Televisions fires France 2 TV channel's weatherman Philippe Verdier, who has been suspended since mid-October. Verdier, known as "Monsieur Meteo" (Mr Weather), has been promoting his recently published book, "Climat Investigation" (Climate Investigation), in which he throws doubt on the global warning findings of leading climate scientists and political leaders. France Televisions said its rules, "prevent anyone using their professional status ... to push forward their personal opinions." ](/news/2015/11/2/french-national-public-television-broadcaster-france-ta-c-la-c-visions-fires-france-2-tv-channel-s-weatherman-philippe-verdier-who-has-been-sus.md) _Context: global warming_
