### [2006-04-23](/news/2006/04/23/index.md)

#  Osama Bin Laden calls for Jihad against "Crusaders" in Darfur in audiotape released to Al Jazeera. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-04-23T171329Z_01_L23690061_RTRUKOC_0_UK-SECURITY-BINLADEN.xml)

### Related:

1. [ In an audio message, Osama bin Laden urges Muslims to launch a holy war on Israel. (](/news/2009/01/14/in-an-audio-message-osama-bin-laden-urges-muslims-to-launch-a-holy-war-on-israel.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, jihad_
2. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur_
3. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden_
4. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur_
5. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur_
6. [Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. ](/news/2015/12/16/neither-syed-rizwan-farook-nor-his-wife-tashfeen-malik-made-open-posts-on-social-media-regarding-radical-islamic-jihad-or-martyrdom-prior-to.md) _Context: jihad_
7. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: Darfur_
8. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden_
10. [Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-awaiting-trial-for-allegedly-plotting-the.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden_
