### [2006-04-23](/news/2006/04/23/index.md)

#  Peru declares a state of emergency in towns near the volcano Ubinas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-04-23T012342Z_01_N22233465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-PERU-VOLCANO.xml&archived=False)

### Related:

1. [A state of emergency is declared in parts of Bolivia and rescue efforts continue in Peru amid heavy rain and floods in the region. ](/news/2010/01/29/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-parts-of-bolivia-and-rescue-efforts-continue-in-peru-amid-heavy-rain-and-floods-in-the-region.md) _Context: Peru, states of emergency_
2. [ Peru's civil defense agency estimates that the death toll from the 2007 Peru earthquake is now 337 with 827 more injured. The coastal province of Ica is hardest hit. A 6.3 magnitude aftershock hits the country. The Government of Peru declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2007/08/16/peru-s-civil-defense-agency-estimates-that-the-death-toll-from-the-2007-peru-earthquake-is-now-337-with-827-more-injured-the-coastal-provi.md) _Context: Peru, states of emergency_
3. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
4. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
5. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The face of the Peruvian Moche mummy the Lady of Cao is reconstructed from its skull structure, using forensic archaeology techniques and ethnographic research. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-face-of-the-peruvian-moche-mummy-the-lady-of-cao-is-reconstructed-from-its-skull-structure-using-forensic-archaeology-techniques-and-et.md) _Context: Peru_
7. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru_
8. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Peru_
9. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
