### [2015-10-11](/news/2015/10/11/index.md)

# A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. 

Two men, including an on-duty police officer, die in a shooting in the Republic of Ireland.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34501503)

### Related:

1. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Ireland, police officer_
2. [A detective in the Irish police force is shot dead in an attempted robbery near Dundalk, County Louth. ](/news/2013/01/25/a-detective-in-the-irish-police-force-is-shot-dead-in-an-attempted-robbery-near-dundalk-county-louth.md) _Context: County Louth, police officer_
3. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Ireland, police officer_
4. [The brother of Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams, detained under a European arrest warrant, is released on bail after surrendering to the Garda Siochana in Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-brother-of-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-detained-under-a-european-arrest-warrant-is-released-on-bail-after-surrendering-to-the-garda-saoc.md) _Context: Ireland, police officer_
5. [ Ireland's Garda Commissioner sends two Garda forensic specialists to Brazil to assist in the identification of bodies from Air France Flight 447. ](/news/2009/06/11/ireland-s-garda-commissioner-sends-two-garda-forensic-specialists-to-brazil-to-assist-in-the-identification-of-bodies-from-air-france-fligh.md) _Context: Ireland, police officer_
6. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland and leader of the Fine Gael party, after winning 51 of the 73 votes in the parliamentary party. He is the youngest, and is the first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ireland-and-leader-of-the-fine-gael-party-after-winning-51-of-the-73-votes-in-th.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Ireland_
