### [2015-10-11](/news/2015/10/11/index.md)

# An Arab coalition airstrike on a prison in Yemen's central Al Bayda Governorate, reportedly kills 20 prisoners. The prison which held more than 100 prisoners was controlled by the Houthis. 

Sanaa, Oct 12 (IANS) At least 20 prisoners were killed when warplanes of the Saudi-led coalition bombed a prison in Yemen&#x27;s al-Bayda province on Sunday, medical sources and witnesses said. The prison which held more than 100 prisoners was controlled by the Shia Houthi group, the sources said, adding


### Source:

1. [Yahoo](https://en-maktoob.news.yahoo.com/20-prisoners-killed-yemen-air-strikes-194818871.html)

### Related:

1. [An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-major-push-by-yemen-based-houthi-forces-into-the-kingdom-s-southern-najran-region-kills-dozens-of-houthi-fighters-the-houthi-run-saba-new.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
