### [2015-10-11](/news/2015/10/11/index.md)

# Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. 

A judiciary spokesman gave no other details beyond the terse statement of a ruling in Jason Rezaian&rsquo;s espionage trial.


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/2015/1011/Iran-sentences-Washington-Post-reporter-but-verdict-remains-unknown)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/11/uk-iran-usa-trial-idUKKCN0S50H420151011)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/iran-says-verdict-reached-on-washington-post-correspondent/2015/10/11/b69943ee-e5f5-4a86-9c35-64cd3496f332_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://images.csmonitor.com/csm/2015/10/940706_1_1011-WIRE-REZAIAN_standard.jpg?alias=standard_900x600)

### Related:

1. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-uni.md) _Context: Iran, Jason Rezaian, Washington Post_
2. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
3. [ International Atomic Energy Agency: Iranian officials give signals that they do not intend to comply with a resolution passed by the United Nations's nuclear watchdog giving Tehran until the end of next month to come clean on its atomic programme. Parliamentary speaker Mehdi Karrubi, a close ally of President Mohammad Khatami, said the IAEA resolution was "political" and that "the Iranian people will not accept giving in to the logic of force."](/news/2003/09/18/international-atomic-energy-agency-iranian-officials-give-signals-that-they-do-not-intend-to-comply-with-a-resolution-passed-by-the-united.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran, United Nations_
4. [Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict-that-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-of.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
5. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
6. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
7. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
8. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
9. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
10. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Iran, Tehran_
