### [2015-10-11](/news/2015/10/11/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. 




### Source:

1. [New York  Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/top-isis-leaders-killed-iraqi-air-strike-not-baghdadi-article-1.2393228)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/11/uk-mideast-crisis-iraq-baghdadi-idUKKCN0S50KJ20151011)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Hit offensive (2016). Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sohaib al Rawi, Governor of Al Anbar Governorate in Iraq, claims that ISIL has killed 52 people, mostly police officers on the border with Syria in the past week. ](/news/2015/04/9/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-sohaib-al-rawi-governor-of-al-anbar-governorate-in-iraq-claims-that-isil-has-killed-52-people-mostl.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Military intervention against ISIL. An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operatio.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
