## [2015-10-11](/news/2015/10/11/index.md)

### [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md)
An Arab Israeli stabbed four people near a bus stop in northern Israel on Sunday, as security forces confronted a spate of attacks against Israelis, mainly by Palestinians, in the Jewish state and the West Bank.

### [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber targets a foreign forces convoy in the Joy Shir area of Kabul. Taliban insurgents claim responsibility. A statement from Afghanistan's Interior Ministry reported at least three civilians were wounded. There are no report of casualties among the foreign forces. ](/news/2015/10/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-foreign-forces-convoy-in-the-joy-shir-area-of-kabul-taliban-insurgents-clai.md)
A suicide bomber targeted a foreign forces convoy in downtown Kabul during morning rush hour on Sunday, officials said, but there was no immediate confirmation of any casualties.

### [Syrian Civil War: Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md)
_Context: Hezbollah, Idlib, Lebanon, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_

### [Boko Haram insurgency in Cameroon: At least eight people are killed following a suicide bomb attack in northern Cameroon's Sangueleri region near the Nigerian border. Boko Haram have previously carried out attacks in the region. ](/news/2015/10/11/boko-haram-insurgency-in-cameroon-at-least-eight-people-are-killed-following-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-northern-cameroon-s-sangueleri-region.md)
_Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency in Cameroon, Cameroon, Far North Region, Nigeria, suicide bombing_

### [Turkey-PKK conflict: The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/turkey-pkk-conflict-the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-tur.md)
Turkish warplanes struck Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey on Saturday and Sunday, pressing their military campaign a day after the rebel group ordered its fighters to halt attacks on Turkish soil.

### [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. ](/news/2015/10/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-ab.md)
_Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Anbar province, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_

### [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: An Arab coalition airstrike on a prison in Yemen's central Al Bayda Governorate, reportedly kills 20 prisoners. The prison which held more than 100 prisoners was controlled by the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/11/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-arab-coalition-airstrike-on-a-prison-in-yemen-s-central-al-bayda-governorate-reportedly-kills-2.md)
Sanaa, Oct 12 (IANS) At least 20 prisoners were killed when warplanes of the Saudi-led coalition bombed a prison in Yemen&#x27;s al-Bayda province on Sunday, medical sources and witnesses said. The prison which held more than 100 prisoners was controlled by the Shia Houthi group, the sources said, a...

### [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md)
_Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa, Sudan_

### [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md)
A judiciary spokesman gave no other details beyond the terse statement of a ruling in Jason Rezaian&rsquo;s espionage trial.

### [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md)
Two men, including an on-duty police officer, die in a shooting in the Republic of Ireland.

### [A 15-hour protest about police-related deaths, in Thalang on Thailand's Phuket Island in the Andaman Sea, turned into a riot when the crowd attacked the Thalang Police Station with rocks and fire bombs. Two young men were killed in a motorcycle crash while being chased by police. Fourteen police were injured, nine cars were torched, 13 others and five motorcycles damaged. While numerous people were inconvenienced by the blockade, a heart attack patient died on his way to Thalang Hospital when the ambulance couldn't get through the crowd. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-15-hour-protest-about-police-related-deaths-in-thalang-on-thailand-s-phuket-island-in-the-andaman-sea-turned-into-a-riot-when-the-crowd.md)
Local residents in Phuket have attacked a police station on the island after riots erupted over the deaths of two young men who were killed in a collision with a police car on Saturday. Fox News reports that the recently deceased were on a motorcycle when local authorities initiated the deadly pursu...

### [Belarusian presidential election, 2015: Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko won a fifth term by a landslide in today's election. ](/news/2015/10/11/belarusian-presidential-election-2015-belarussian-president-alexander-lukashenko-won-a-fifth-term-by-a-landslide-in-today-s-election.md)
_Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Belarusian presidential election, 2015, Belarussian President_

### [Guinean presidential election, 2015: Millions of Guineans vote peacefully in the West African country's second free election since gaining independence from France nearly 60 years ago. Ballot counting started; the provisional outcome is not expected until the end of this week, an official said. Incumbent President Alpha Conde is expected to win reelection. ](/news/2015/10/11/guinean-presidential-election-2015-millions-of-guineans-vote-peacefully-in-the-west-african-country-s-second-free-election-since-gaining-i.md)
The country&#39;s constitutional court has ruled out postponing Sunday&#39;s election despite calls from opposition parties. Incumbent Alpha Conde faces challenges from six other hopefuls but is likely to retain the top job.

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/10/10/index.md)

