### [2007-02-27](/news/2007/02/27/index.md)

#  2007 Bagram Air Base bombing: A suicide attack at Bagram Air Base while Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney is visiting kills 23, but the Vice President is not injured.  The Taliban claims responsibility, and declares that Cheney was their intended target. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aFw57zOk2emc&refer=home)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/asiapcf/02/27/cheney.afghanistan.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Taliban, U.S. Vice President_
2. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of  Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family  four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives    in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after  his father's murder  by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri.  Qadri was executed on  February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar  two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
3. [Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. ](/news/2016/02/13/several-sangin-security-force-members-are-killed-by-taliban-suicide-attacks-using-captured-military-humvee-vehicles-in-the-southern-afghan.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
4. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):At least 46 people are killed and more than 100 injured following an attack by Taliban militants armed with suicide vests on a courthouse in Farah, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/04/3/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pat-least-46-people-are-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-following-an-attack-by-taliban-militants-armed.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
6. [The Taliban sends a 12-year-old boy as a suicide bomber in a new wave of attacks that kills four civilians, in one of several attacks across Afghanistan that kills at least seven people. ](/news/2011/05/2/the-taliban-sends-a-12-year-old-boy-as-a-suicide-bomber-in-a-new-wave-of-attacks-that-kills-four-civilians-in-one-of-several-attacks-across.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
7. [A suicide bomber kills 17 people and wounds at least 20 others in a public bathhouse in Kandahar province, Afghanistan; the Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2011/01/7/a-suicide-bomber-kills-17-people-and-wounds-at-least-20-others-in-a-public-bathhouse-in-kandahar-province-afghanistan-the-taliban-claims-r.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
8. [A suicide bomber kills two policemen and a civilian, the second attack in four days for which the Taliban claims responsibility, while separately, three policemen are killed in a 'friendly fire' incident as US Vice President  Joe Biden arrives for a visit in Afghanistan. ](/news/2011/01/10/a-suicide-bomber-kills-two-policemen-and-a-civilian-the-second-attack-in-four-days-for-which-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-while-separ.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bomb attack_
9. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney admits he has received a small heart pump to combat "increasing congestive heart failure". ](/news/2010/07/15/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-admits-he-has-received-a-small-heart-pump-to-combat-increasing-congestive-heart-fail.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
10. [Former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, who has a long history of heart problems, is hospitalized. ](/news/2010/06/26/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-who-has-a-long-history-of-heart-problems-is-hospitalized.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
