### [2011-08-13](/news/2011/08/13/index.md)

# A ruptured oil pipeline is discovered near Gannet Alpha platform, run by Shell 113 miles from Aberdeen, Scotland. 

Oil company Royal Dutch Shell says it is working to contain a spill at one of its North Sea platforms, but will not say how much oil has been released.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-14513509)

### Related:

1. [ Over five hundred people are evacuated from the North Sea oil rig "Safe Scandinavia", 282|km|mi northeast of Aberdeen, Scotland after a hoax bomb scare. ](/news/2008/02/10/over-five-hundred-people-are-evacuated-from-the-north-sea-oil-rig-safe-scandinavia-282-km-mi-northeast-of-aberdeen-scotland-after-a-hoa.md) _Context: Aberdeen, Scotland_
2. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum: Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Scotland_
3. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: oil pipeline_
4. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Scotland_
5. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Scotland_
6. [The chief executive of Royal Dutch Shell, Ben van Beurden, denies the claim that his company's balance sheet contains any assets that will be "stranded," that is that will have to be written off, due to the Paris Climate Accord. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-chief-executive-of-royal-dutch-shell-ben-van-beurden-denies-the-claim-that-his-company-s-balance-sheet-contains-any-assets-that-will-b.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Scotland_
8. [A roller coaster derails and crashes at M&D's theme park in Motherwell, Scotland. Ten people are reportedly injured. ](/news/2016/06/26/a-roller-coaster-derails-and-crashes-at-m-d-s-theme-park-in-motherwell-scotland-ten-people-are-reportedly-injured.md) _Context: Scotland_
9. [2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says the wildfire has destroyed about 1,600 structures in Fort McMurray, which is in Canada's oil sands region. No major oil sands facilities are in the fire's path, though two Royal Dutch Shell mines are closing, and a Suncor Energy facility is reducing crude production. The fire is threatening the Alberta Highway 63 bridge across the Athabasca River, the sole route south. The Canadian Red Cross is encouraging people to donate funds rather than clothing. ](/news/2016/05/4/2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-alberta-premier-rachel-notley-says-the-wildfire-has-destroyed-about-1-600-structures-in-fort-mcmurray-which-is.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
10. [Conflict in the Niger Delta: The Niger Delta Avengers militant group destroy gas and oil pipelines belonging to Shell and Agip in Nigeria. ](/news/2016/05/28/conflict-in-the-niger-delta-the-niger-delta-avengers-militant-group-destroy-gas-and-oil-pipelines-belonging-to-shell-and-agip-in-nigeria.md) _Context: Royal Dutch Shell_
