
Formats: [HTML](/news/2011/08/13/the-first-electoral-contest-of-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-takes-place-in-the-iowa-town-of-ames-with-the-ames-straw-poll-fo.html)  [JSON](/news/2011/08/13/the-first-electoral-contest-of-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-takes-place-in-the-iowa-town-of-ames-with-the-ames-straw-poll-fo.json)  [XML](/news/2011/08/13/the-first-electoral-contest-of-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-takes-place-in-the-iowa-town-of-ames-with-the-ames-straw-poll-fo.xml)  

### [2011-08-13](/news/2011/08/13/index.md)

##### 2012 United States Presidential election
# The first electoral contest of the 2012 United States Presidential election takes place in the Iowa town of Ames with the Ames Straw Poll for Republican Party candidates with Michele Bachmann emerging as the winner. 

The Minnesota Republican scored a victory in the first major test of the 2012 GOP campaign.Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) scored a victory in the GOP Ames Straw Poll on Saturday, a win likely to provide her considerable momentum as the 2012 race ramps up.


### Sources:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](https://news.yahoo.com/finally-ames-straw-poll-first-test-2012-070321630.html)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/post/michele-bachmann-wins-the-ames-straw-poll/2011/08/13/gIQApgnoDJ_blog.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential candidate Mitt Romney wins the Republican Party's Ames Straw Poll in Ames, Iowa. ](/news/2007/08/11/united-states-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-party-s-ames-straw-poll-in-ames-iowa.md) _Context: Ames, Ames Straw Poll, Republican_
2. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https:--www.yahoo.com-politics-iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--thehill.com-blogs-ballot-box-presidential-races-bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http:--whotv.com-2016-02-01-iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016- (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)] [http:--latino.foxnews.com-latino-politics-2016-02-01-iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation- Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race-story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-politics-omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser-2016-02-01-4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican_
3. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican_
4. [United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resigns-after-being-involved-in-an-alleged-bribery-scan.md) _Context: Iowa, Michele Bachmann_
5. [Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. ](/news/2012/01/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-electoral-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-defeating-rick-santorum-by-8-votes-in-the-republic.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican_
