### [2016-04-24](/news/2016/04/24/index.md)

# Austrian presidential election, 2016: Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%, and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. 

Austria’s governing coalition was thrown into turmoil after its candidates were humiliated in the first round of presidential elections by the Freedom Party, a nationalist force that took the most votes following a campaign that played on discontent with the handling of the refugee crisis.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-24/austria-s-right-wing-freedom-party-tops-presidential-first-round)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/presidential-election-exposes-austrian-angst/a-19207311)
3. [Election website](http://www.bundespraesidentschaftswahl.at)
4. [Euro News](http://www.euronews.com/2016/04/24/far-right-fpo-candidate-norbert-hofer-leads-in-austrian-presidential-election/)

### Related:

1. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/austrian-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-can.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
2. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. ](/news/2016/11/24/austrian-presidential-election-2016-freedom-party-of-austria-presidential-candidate-norbert-hofer-intends-to-hold-a-referendum-on-european.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
3. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: Austria-s highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austrian-presidential-election-2016-austria-s-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right.md) _Context: Austrian presidential election, 2016, Freedom Party of Austria, Norbert Hofer_
4. [Austrian presidential election, 2016: The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. ](/news/2016/05/22/austrian-presidential-election-2016-the-second-round-of-voting-takes-place-to-elect-either-norbert-hofer-or-alexander-van-der-bellen-as-pr.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016, Norbert Hofer_
5. [ Austrian presidential election, 2016: Independent candidate Alexander Van der Bellen, a member of The Greens, is elected President of Austria in a tight contest that was decided by mail-in votes. ](/news/2016/05/23/austrian-presidential-election-2016-independent-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-a-member-of-the-greens-is-elected-president-of-austr.md) _Context: Alexander Van der Bellen, Austrian presidential election, 2016_
6. [Heinz Fischer wins the Austrian presidential election, 2010. ](/news/2010/04/25/heinz-fischer-wins-the-austrian-presidential-election-2010.md) _Context: Heinz Fischer_
7. [ Jorg Haider, the former leader of Freedom Party of Austria (FPO), together with almost all of FPO's parliamentary representatives, leaves the party to found a new party Alliance for Austria's Future. ](/news/2005/04/4/japrg-haider-the-former-leader-of-freedom-party-of-austria-fpa-together-with-almost-all-of-fpa-s-parliamentary-representatives-leave.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
8. [ John Gudenus of the Austrian Freedom Party causes controversy when he questions the existence of Nazi gas chambers and later leaves the party. ](/news/2005/04/27/john-gudenus-of-the-austrian-freedom-party-causes-controversy-when-he-questions-the-existence-of-nazi-gas-chambers-and-later-leaves-the-par.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
9. [ 2002 Austrian legislative elections: The conservative Austrian People's Party (OVP), led by Federal Chancellor Wolfgang Schssel wins a landslide victory (42.27% of the vote), picking up 27 seats and becoming the largest party in the National Council for the first time since 1966. The Freedom Party of Austria (FP) is reduced to 10.16% of the vote and loses 34 seats.](/news/2002/11/24/2002-austrian-legislative-elections-the-conservative-austrian-people-s-party-ovp-led-by-federal-chancellor-wolfgang-schussel-wins-a-lan.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
