### [2016-04-24](/news/2016/04/24/index.md)

# North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea reportedly deploys 300 new multiple launch rocket systems along the Korean Demilitarized Zone. 

 North Korea has deployed some 300 new multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS) along its front line with South Korea, which can hit Seoul and surrounding areas, military sources said Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2016/04/24/0200000000AEN20160424001100315.html?input=www.tweeter.com)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations. Korean Demilitarized Zone. North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-korea-south-korea-relations-korean-demilitarized-zone-north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
2. [North Korean defectors. A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea_
3. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
5. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea-United States relations. In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-united-states-relations-in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea announces plans to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system in Seongju County in the country's south in order to deter against a North Korean attack. ](/news/2016/07/13/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-plans-to-deploy-a-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-anti-ballistic-missile-syst.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-m.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations_
