### [2016-04-24](/news/2016/04/24/index.md)

# Serbian parliamentary election, 2016: Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. 

Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic’s Progressive Party won a majority in parliament in snap elections on Sunday, securing a new four-year term to overhaul the economy and lead the country closer to the European Union.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/serbias-general-election-tests-eu-bid-amid-far-right-surge/2016/04/24/f3b4275c-09ec-11e6-bfed-ef65dff5970d_story.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-23/ex-milosevic-ally-poised-for-easy-win-in-serbian-snap-elections)

### Related:

1. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016: Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-diss.md) _Context: National Assembly, Serbia, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
2. [Government of Serbia: Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: National Assembly, Serbia_
3. [Serbian presidential election, 2017: Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/serbian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conserv.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
4. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016: Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-p.md) _Context: National Assembly, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
5. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2014: Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an early parliamentary election. The centre right SNS is reported to be receiving around 50% of the popular vote. ](/news/2014/03/16/serbian-parliamentary-election-2014-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-early-parliamentary-election-the-centre-right-sns-is-reported.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
6. [Serbia and its former province of Kosovo reach an accord aimed at normalizing relations between the Balkan neighbours, potentially setting Belgrade on the path to membership of the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/19/serbia-and-its-former-province-of-kosovo-reach-an-accord-aimed-at-normalizing-relations-between-the-balkan-neighbours-potentially-setting-b.md) _Context: European Union, Serbia_
7. [European Union Foreign Ministers support Serbia's candidacy to join the European Union despite opposition from Romania. ](/news/2012/02/28/european-union-foreign-ministers-support-serbia-s-candidacy-to-join-the-european-union-despite-opposition-from-romania.md) _Context: European Union, Serbia_
8. [A 50,000-strong anti-government demonstration calling for snap elections takes place in Belgrade, Serbia, with leader of the opposition Serbian Progressive Party Tomislav Nikolic announcing he is to begin a hunger strike until new elections. ](/news/2011/04/16/a-50-000-strong-anti-government-demonstration-calling-for-snap-elections-takes-place-in-belgrade-serbia-with-leader-of-the-opposition-serb.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
9. [ Serbia formally submits its application to join the European Union. ](/news/2009/12/22/serbia-formally-submits-its-application-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, Serbia_
10. [ Serbian voters go to the polls in the Serbian parliamentary election, 2008. A pro-Europe coalition associated with the President of Serbia Boris Tadic wins the most votes. ](/news/2008/05/11/serbian-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-serbian-parliamentary-election-2008-a-pro-europe-coalition-associated-with-the-president-of-serbia.md) _Context: European Union, Serbia_
