### [2015-10-25](/news/2015/10/25/index.md)

# Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. 

European leaders held an emergency summit Sunday to find ways of easing the plight of those caught up in the continent&apos;s greatest immigration crisis in decades.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-europe-migrants-20151025-story.html)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3289223/EU-weeks-away-falling-apart-Dire-warning-countries-battle-cope-influx-migrants.html)
3. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/288016/emergency-eu-talks-on-migrant-crisis-begin)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/26/us-europe-migrants-plan-idUSKCN0SJ12L20151026)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/26/eu-and-balkan-leaders-agree-migration-plan)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, Europe, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
2. [The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migran.md) _Context: Brussels, EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
3. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Balkans, EU, Europe, European migrant crisis_
4. [The European Union and Turkey reach an agreement for Turkey to stem the flow of migrants into Europe in return for a GBP3bn aid package, easier visa conditions and re-energised talks to join the bloc. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-european-union-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-for-turkey-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-into-europe-in-return-for-a-agbp3bn-aid-package-ea.md) _Context: EU, Europe, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
5. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
6. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
8. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of-eur.md) _Context: Brussels, EU, European migrant crisis_
9. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
10. [ The Greek coast guard and the European Union border agency Frontex, in six separate operations, rescue a total of 383 migrants attempting to sail from Turkey to the eastern Greek islands. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-greek-coast-guard-and-the-european-union-border-agency-frontex-in-six-separate-operations-rescue-a-total-of-383-migrants-attempting-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
