### [2015-10-25](/news/2015/10/25/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. 

Attacker flees scene as police begin searches; settler in Gush Etzion stabbed after being forced off the road with stone barrage; security forces neutralize female attacker trying to stab a policeman.


### Source:

1. [The New Daily AU](http://thenewdaily.com.au/news/2015/10/26/israeli-soldiers-kill-unarmed-palestinian-girl-17/)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4715851,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), West Bank_
2. [World heritage sites: UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/world-heritage-sites-unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. ](/news/2015/12/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-palestinian-attackers-stab-passers-by-at-the-old-city-s-jaffa-gate-in-jerusalem-israel-killing-tw.md) _Context: Israeli Border Police, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): 40 year old Rabbi Ya-akov Litman and his 18 year-old son are shot dead by a Palestinian gunman, south of Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-40-year-old-rabbi-ya-akov-litman-and-his-18-year-old-son-are-shot-dead-by-a-palestinian-gunman-south.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank. Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
8. [Two Palestinians who attempt to rob an Israeli truck driver are shot dead in self defense near Hebron in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/06/17/two-palestinians-who-attempt-to-rob-an-israeli-truck-driver-are-shot-dead-in-self-defense-near-hebron-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
9. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
10. [ The Israeli Defense Force suspends a company for shooting an unarmed man in West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2007/07/27/the-israeli-defense-force-suspends-a-company-for-shooting-an-unarmed-man-in-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
