### [2015-10-25](/news/2015/10/25/index.md)

# Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. 

Poland&#039;s conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski won an absolute majority in general elections on Sunday, public broadcaster TVP projected, a victory ending eight years of centrist rule.


### Source:

1. [AP via US News and World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/10/26/as-poland-moves-right-kaczynski-makes-dramatic-comeback)
2. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/polish-eurosceptic-conservatives-win-absolute-majority-tv-exit-poll-1236278)
3. [Newstalk](http://www.newstalk.com/Polish-PM-concedes-defeat-to-rightwing-Law-and-Justice-party)

### Related:

1. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice, Lech Kaczyński, Poland_
2. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice, Lech Kaczyński_
3. [Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo is injured in a car crash in her hometown, Oswiecim, Poland. Mrs. Szydlo is in good condition in a Warsaw hospital. ](/news/2017/02/10/polish-prime-minister-beata-szydao-is-injured-in-a-car-crash-in-her-hometown-oawiacim-poland-mrs-szydao-is-in-good-condition-in-a-wa.md) _Context: Beata Szydło, Polish Prime Minister_
4. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that  was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appr.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice_
5. [Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-leader-of-the-ruling.md) _Context: Jarosław Kaczyński, Law and Justice_
6. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Law and Justice, Poland_
7. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party  in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting   President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government  appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting.md) _Context: Law and Justice, Poland_
8. [Poland's new prime minister, Ewa Kopacz, presents her government; Grzegorz Schetyna becomes new foreign minister, while the outgoing FM Radoslaw Sikorski becomes speaker of the parliament. ](/news/2014/09/19/poland-s-new-prime-minister-ewa-kopacz-presents-her-government-grzegorz-schetyna-becomes-new-foreign-minister-while-the-outgoing-fm-rado.md) _Context: Ewa Kopacz, Poland_
9. [Ewa Kopacz becomes Poland's second female prime minister. ](/news/2014/09/15/ewa-kopacz-becomes-poland-s-second-female-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ewa Kopacz, Poland_
10. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Poland, Polish Prime Minister_
