### [2015-10-25](/news/2015/10/25/index.md)

# Voters in Argentina went  to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff.  With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. 

Voters are due to go to the polls in Argentina to choose a new president, to replace Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner who has governed for the last eight years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-34629777)
2. [CNN](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/opposition-claims-it-got-votes-to-force-runoff-in-argentina/2015/10/25/2716152c-7b83-11e5-837b-2c3f2478487e_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Argentina go to the polls for a presidential runoff between Daniel Scioli of the ruling Justicialist Party and Mauricio Macri of the opposition PRO.  Mauricio Macri, the mayor of Buenos Aires, was elected with 53% of the vote. ](/news/2015/11/22/voters-in-argentina-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-runoff-between-daniel-scioli-of-the-ruling-justicialist-party-and-mauricio-macri-of-t.md) _Context: Argentina, Argentine general election, 2015, Daniel Scioli, Justicialist Party, Mauricio Macri, PRO_
2. [The new president of Argentina, Mauricio Macri, makes a $6.5 billion cash offer to holdout creditors to settle liabilities arising out of a 2002 default. ](/news/2016/02/5/the-new-president-of-argentina-mauricio-macri-makes-a-6-5-billion-cash-offer-to-holdout-creditors-to-settle-liabilities-arising-out-of-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Mauricio Macri_
3. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
4. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
5. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
6. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
7. [The government of Argentina announces that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has cancer in her thyroid gland, and will have an operation on 4 January and step aside as president for 20 days until 24 January. ](/news/2011/12/27/the-government-of-argentina-announces-that-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-has-cancer-in-her-thyroid-gland-and-will-have-an-opera.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
8. [Voters in Argentina go to the polls for a general election, with exit polls showing the President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner being reelected in a landslide. ](/news/2011/10/23/voters-in-argentina-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-exit-polls-showing-the-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-being-reele.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
9. [First Gentleman and former President Nstor Kirchner of Argentina undergoes emergency surgery to remove a blockage in his carotid artery. ](/news/2010/02/7/first-gentleman-and-former-president-nestor-kirchner-of-argentina-undergoes-emergency-surgery-to-remove-a-blockage-in-his-carotid-artery.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
10. [ Former Argentine President Fernando de la Rua is indicted in a bribery case. ](/news/2009/08/5/former-argentine-president-fernando-de-la-raoa-is-indicted-in-a-bribery-case.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
