### [2013-05-4](/news/2013/05/4/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Israeli forces, in a second attack in as many days, bomb a weapons shipment of sophisticated missiles suspected as being transported from Syria to Hezbollah in Lebanon. 

Hundreds of Syrians are fleeing coastal areas where activists say government forces have massacred dozens of people in recent days.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22410392)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/israel-launches-second-airstrike-in-syria-targeting-weapons-shipment/2013/05/04/cdccddc0-b4c4-11e2-9fb1-62de9581c946_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
2. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
3. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
4. [Syrian Civil War:At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/syrian-civil-war-pat-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
5. [Syrian Civil War:A suicide bomber kills 4 people and injures 26 in the Lebanese town of Hermel, a Hezbollah stronghold near the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/01/16/syrian-civil-war-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-4-people-and-injures-26-in-the-lebanese-town-of-hermel-a-hezbollah-stronghold-near-the-syrian-bord.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
6. [Syrian Civil War:Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/syrian-civil-war-pfriends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
7. [Syrian civil war:Israeli forces attack an arms convoy on the Lebanon-Syria border overnight destined from Syria to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/01/30/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-forces-attack-an-arms-convoy-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-overnight-destined-from-syria-to-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria, war_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
9. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, war_
10. [Hezbollah says Mustafa Badreddine, one of Hezbollah's highest ranking officials  believed  responsible for military operations in Syria, has been killed by artillery fire from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2016/05/13/hezbollah-says-mustafa-badreddine-one-of-hezbollah-s-highest-ranking-officials-believed-responsible-for-military-operations-in-syria-has.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syria, war_
