### [2016-12-21](/news/2016/12/21/index.md)

# Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-corruption-usa-idUSKBN14A1QE?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
2. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
3. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil, Odebrecht_
4. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash_
5. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash_
6. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash_
7. [Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. ](/news/2016/05/30/fabiano-silveira-minister-for-transparency-supervision-and-control-resigns-after-leaked-recordings-suggested-he-tried-to-derail-the-petro.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
8. [A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-president-dilma-rousseff-the-pol.md) _Context: Brazil, Operation Car Wash_
9. [Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/12/2/brazil-s-lower-house-of-congress-opens-impeachment-proceedings-against-president-dilma-rousseff-over-a-corruption-scandal-involving-the-stat.md) _Context: Brazil, Petrobras_
10. [In Brazil, prosecutors lodge corruption charges against Speaker of the Lower House Eduardo Cunha and former President Fernando Collor de Mello, alleging illegal activities involving the state-owned oil company, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/08/20/in-brazil-prosecutors-lodge-corruption-charges-against-speaker-of-the-lower-house-eduardo-cunha-and-former-president-fernando-collor-de-mel.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
