### [2016-12-21](/news/2016/12/21/index.md)

# The U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fines several companies, including Wells Fargo, RBC Capital Markets, and LPL Financial, a combined $14.4 million for record-keeping problems that could have allowed company and customer documents to be altered. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority said it fined several Wells Fargo & Co businesses, RBC Capital Markets, LPL Financial and others a combined $14.4 million on Wednesday for record-keeping problems that may have allowed company and customer documents to be altered.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-wells-fargo-finra-idUSKBN14A1S4?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Wells Fargo reports finding an additional 1.4 million potentially fake bank and credit card accounts, bringing the total problematic accounts to approximately 3.5 million. ](/news/2017/08/31/wells-fargo-reports-finding-an-additional-1-4-million-potentially-fake-bank-and-credit-card-accounts-bringing-the-total-problematic-account.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
2. [The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority announces it has fined Bank of America Merrill Lynch $7 million for failure to supervise the use of leverage in its brokerage accounts, especially in connection with Puerto Rico municipal bonds. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-announces-it-has-fined-bank-of-america-merrill-lynch-7-million-for-failure-to-supervise-the-use.md) _Context: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority_
3. [The scandal over improper practices of unauthorized accounts at Wells Fargo extends to thousands of small-business owners. ](/news/2016/10/4/the-scandal-over-improper-practices-of-unauthorized-accounts-at-wells-fargo-extends-to-thousands-of-small-business-owners.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
4. [John Stumpf resigns as CEO and chairman of Wells Fargo amid a scandal over its sales practices. ](/news/2016/10/12/john-stumpf-resigns-as-ceo-and-chairman-of-wells-fargo-amid-a-scandal-over-its-sales-practices.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
5. [International banking company Wells Fargo agrees to pay $190 million, including $100 million to the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (largest ever for the agency), to settle a case involving deceptive sales that pushed customers into fee-generating accounts they never requested. The bank fired 5,300 employees over "inappropriate sales conduct." The firings took place over a five-year period. ](/news/2016/09/8/international-banking-company-wells-fargo-agrees-to-pay-190-million-including-100-million-to-the-u-s-consumer-financial-protection-burea.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
6. [Wells Fargo of the United States becomes the world's largest bank by market capitalisation, replacing the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China amid an economic slowdown in China. ](/news/2013/07/24/wells-fargo-of-the-united-states-becomes-the-world-s-largest-bank-by-market-capitalisation-replacing-the-industrial-and-commercial-bank-of.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
7. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
8. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
9. [Wells Fargo decides to pay a $175 million settlement in a subprime mortgage compensation case. ](/news/2012/07/12/wells-fargo-decides-to-pay-a-175-million-settlement-in-a-subprime-mortgage-compensation-case.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
10. [Wells Fargo plans to move jobs to India and the Philippines. ](/news/2012/06/22/wells-fargo-plans-to-move-jobs-to-india-and-the-philippines.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
