### [2016-12-21](/news/2016/12/21/index.md)

# Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. 

Uber halts its self-driving car pilot in San Francisco after regulators say it needs a special permit.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-38400224)

### Related:

1. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, Uber_
2. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
3. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
4. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
5. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [General Motors acquires Cruise Automation, a three-year old software company that's been testing self-driving cars on the streets of San Francisco. ](/news/2016/03/11/general-motors-acquires-cruise-automation-a-three-year-old-software-company-that-s-been-testing-self-driving-cars-on-the-streets-of-san-fra.md) _Context: San Francisco, self-driving cars_
7. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, Uber_
8. [A shooting into a car in San Francisco, California, U.S., leaves four men dead. ](/news/2015/01/9/a-shooting-into-a-car-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-leaves-four-men-dead.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
9. [Two people are killed and one person is wounded during a shooting in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco, California, United States. A suspect is in custody. ](/news/2013/07/12/two-people-are-killed-and-one-person-is-wounded-during-a-shooting-in-the-south-of-market-neighborhood-of-san-francisco-california-united-s.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
10. [A bus and a trolley car collide in downtown San Francisco, California, injuring fifteen people. ](/news/2013/06/12/a-bus-and-a-trolley-car-collide-in-downtown-san-francisco-california-injuring-fifteen-people.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
