### [2014-08-19](/news/2014/08/19/index.md)

# 2014 American intervention in Iraq and Syrian civil war:American journalist James Wright Foley, kidnapped in 2012, has reportedly been beheaded by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited via ''Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/world/james-foley-beheaded-isis-claims-to-have-killed-us-journalist-in-iraq/story-fni0xs63-1227030183635?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+dailytelegraphtopstoriesndm+%28Daily+Telegraph+%7C+Top+Stories%29)

### Related:

1. [   Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. ](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turk.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [  Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria.  ](/news/2016/05/12/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War:The Syrian Air Force targets a bakery and a training camp controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Ar-Raqqah, killing 25 people. ](/news/2014/09/6/syrian-civil-war-pthe-syrian-air-force-targets-a-bakery-and-a-training-camp-controlled-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-in-ar-raqqah.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War:A spokesman for the White House confirms that a video showing American journalist Steven Sotloff being beheaded is authentic. ](/news/2014/09/3/syrian-civil-war-pa-spokesman-for-the-white-house-confirms-that-a-video-showing-american-journalist-steven-sotloff-being-beheaded-is-authent.md) _Context: American, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Several Syrian rebel groups sign an agreement to unite in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and President Bashar al-Assad's forces. ](/news/2014/09/25/several-syrian-rebel-groups-sign-an-agreement-to-unite-in-the-fight-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-and-president-bashar-al-assa.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ Russia, Iran  and Turkey reach an agreement, effective this midnight, to establish four "safe zones" in Syria over which all military aircraft, including Turkish, Russian, and American aircraft, will be barred from flying.  ](/news/2017/05/5/russia-iran-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-effective-this-midnight-to-establish-four-safe-zones-in-syria-over-which-all-military-aircr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
