### [2014-08-19](/news/2014/08/19/index.md)

# 2014 American intervention in Iraq and Syrian civil war:: American journalist James Wright Foley, kidnapped in 2012, has reportedly been beheaded by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited via ''Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/world/james-foley-beheaded-isis-claims-to-have-killed-us-journalist-in-iraq/story-fni0xs63-1227030183635)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]: Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [ Syrian Civil War: Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/syrian-civil-war-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War:: The Syrian Air Force targets a bakery and a training camp controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Ar-Raqqah, killing 25 people. ](/news/2014/09/6/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-air-force-targets-a-bakery-and-a-training-camp-controlled-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-in-ar-raqqah.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War:: A spokesman for the White House confirms that a video showing American journalist Steven Sotloff being beheaded is authentic. ](/news/2014/09/3/syrian-civil-war-a-spokesman-for-the-white-house-confirms-that-a-video-showing-american-journalist-steven-sotloff-being-beheaded-is-authen.md) _Context: American, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Several Syrian rebel groups sign an agreement to unite in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and President Bashar al-Assad's forces. ](/news/2014/09/25/syrian-civil-war-several-syrian-rebel-groups-sign-an-agreement-to-unite-in-the-fight-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-and-presid.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
