### [2014-08-19](/news/2014/08/19/index.md)

# War in Donbass:An American volunteer in the Donbas Battalion, identified only under his nom de guerre of "Franko", becomes the first officially acknowledged foreign casualty on the Ukrainian side of the military conflict against pro-Russian insurgents in eastern Ukraine. 

Ukrainian government forces have conducted a series of successful offensives in the area of the anti-terrorist operation (ATO), encircling the town of Horlivka in Donetsk region and taking full control of a section of the M-04 highway near Luhansk, the Information Resistance group reports, the coordinator of the group, Dmytro Tymchuk, said on Facebook.


### Source:

1. [Interfax](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/218873.html)
2. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/american-donbas-battalion-member-dies-in-fierce-fighting-near-donetsk-city-361285.html)

### Related:

1. [ A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-near-luhansk.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
2. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his ''nom de guerre'' "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-d.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
4. [A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-least-33-people-have.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
5. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
6. [The Ukrainian military says seven soldiers have been killed  by pro-Russian separatists since Sunday. The separatists report over 5 days of artillery attacks on them by the Ukrainian side. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-ukrainian-military-says-seven-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-pro-russian-separatists-since-sunday-the-separatists-report-over-5-days-of.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
7. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
8. [As of December 1, the total death toll for the war stands at an estimated 9,758 people according to a United Nations report released today. ](/news/2016/12/8/as-of-december-1-the-total-death-toll-for-the-war-stands-at-an-estimated-9-758-people-according-to-a-united-nations-report-released-today.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
9. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
10. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
