### [2009-09-16](/news/2009/09/16/index.md)

#  21 people are injured, three seriously, after a collision involving a Luas tram and a double-decker bus on O'Connell Street in Dublin, the worst ever accident involving the city's trams. 

Up to 26 people were injured, three seriously, when a Luas tram collided with a bus at the junction of Abbey Street and O&rsquo;Connell&hellip;


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0916/luas.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2009/0916/breaking50.html?via=mr)
3. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/breaking-news/ireland/at-least-16-injured-in-dublin-busluas-crash-14495297.html)
4. [The Canadian Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5hFu6mhrpWVkj9fuHtzD4YqpHUDGw)

### Related:

1. [Dublin's main thoroughfare O'Connell Street is shut following an explosion from a gas leak. ](/news/2010/12/2/dublin-s-main-thoroughfare-o-connell-street-is-shut-following-an-explosion-from-a-gas-leak.md) _Context: Dublin, O'Connell Street_
2. [Tony Blair is met with a three-hundred person antiwar demonstration and has a small number of individuals throw objects (shoes, bottles and eggs), and encounters an attempted citizen's arrest for war crimes at Eason's in Dublin, Ireland, at his first public book signing for ''A Journey''; four are arrested.  Clashes between protesters and police lead to the closure of businesses and the Luas tram system. ](/news/2010/09/4/tony-blair-is-met-with-a-three-hundred-person-antiwar-demonstration-and-has-a-small-number-of-individuals-throw-objects-shoes-bottles-and.md) _Context: Dublin, Luas_
3. [A national strike by taxi drivers causes disruption across Ireland, stopping work at the country's three main airports, closing Dublin's O'Connell Street completely and blocking other streets as the High Court orders protesters to leave their sit-in at Commission for Taxi Regulation headquarters. ](/news/2010/03/9/a-national-strike-by-taxi-drivers-causes-disruption-across-ireland-stopping-work-at-the-country-s-three-main-airports-closing-dublin-s-o-c.md) _Context: Dublin, O'Connell Street_
4. [ A controlled explosion is carried out by an Army Bomb Disposal squad on Dublin's O'Connell Street after a security alert on an Aircoach bus, although no explosive material was found. Traffic in the city has been severely affected. ](/news/2006/10/27/a-controlled-explosion-is-carried-out-by-an-army-bomb-disposal-squad-on-dublin-s-o-connell-street-after-a-security-alert-on-an-aircoach-bus.md) _Context: Dublin, O'Connell Street_
5. [ A disgruntled bus driver goes on a rampage in Dublin, Ireland, smashing through stopped and on-coming vehicles as he drives through streets, across tram lines and up the wrong side of a dual-carriageway. One woman is killed and 13 people more injured, including five  Garda (Irish Police). Armed Garda open fire on three occasions to try to stop the bus. ](/news/2006/05/7/a-disgruntled-bus-driver-goes-on-a-rampage-in-dublin-ireland-smashing-through-stopped-and-on-coming-vehicles-as-he-drives-through-streets.md) _Context: Dublin, Luas_
6. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin_
7. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio Joao Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joapso-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dead.md) _Context: Dublin_
8. [At least eight people have died in a major fire at a halting site for Irish travellers in the south of Dublin. ](/news/2015/10/10/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-a-major-fire-at-a-halting-site-for-irish-travellers-in-the-south-of-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin_
9. [Dublin-based generic drugmaker, specialty drug supplier, and medical imaging agent producer Mallinckrodt Plc increases its presence in U.S. hospitals by buying privately held Ikaria Inc, a maker of a respiratory drug and its delivery system, for $2.3 billion from a group of investors led by private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners LLC. The deal includes INOmax, which is the only approved product to treat hypoxic respiratory failure in infants through nitric oxide. ](/news/2015/03/5/dublin-based-generic-drugmaker-specialty-drug-supplier-and-medical-imaging-agent-producer-mallinckrodt-plc-increases-its-presence-in-u-s.md) _Context: Dublin_
10. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Dublin_
