### [2009-09-16](/news/2009/09/16/index.md)

#  Argentina formally accepts apologies from the Spanish government which admitted having committed a "protocol error" on allowing the presence of a delegation from the Falkland Islands in an international fisheries sustainability conference. 

Argentina formally accepted Wednesday apologies from the Spanish government which admitted having committed a &ldquo;protocol error&rdquo; on allowing the presence of a delegation from the Falkland Islands in an international fisheries sustainability conference, reports Efe, the Spanish government news agency quoting the head of Argentina&rsquo;s Fisheries Department Norberto Yauhar.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/09/16/spanish-apology-to-argentina-for-protocol-error-involving-falklands-delegat)
1. [Cover Image](http://en.mercopress.com/imgs.php/noticias/21936/200x200/7b4fde238983ce0cc4ac5669a7098e1c.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
2. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
3. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
4. [Spain seeks to deter Argentina's nationalization of YPF, an Argentine oil company majority-owned by Spain's Repsol, warning that such a nationalization would make Argentina a "pariah". ](/news/2012/04/13/spain-seeks-to-deter-argentina-s-nationalization-of-ypf-an-argentine-oil-company-majority-owned-by-spain-s-repsol-warning-that-such-a-nati.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
5. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
6. [Argentina turns away two cruise ships from the port of Ushuaia &ndash; P&O Cruises "Adonia" and Princess Cruises' "Star Princess" &ndash; because the ships had earlier visited the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/27/argentina-turns-away-two-cruise-ships-from-the-port-of-ushuaia-ndash-p-o-cruises-adonia-and-princess-cruises-star-princess-ndash-be.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
7. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
8. [Sir Mark Lyall Grant, the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, describes claims by Argentina that the United Kingdom is militarising the Falkland Islands as "manifestly absurd". ](/news/2012/02/11/sir-mark-lyall-grant-the-permanent-representative-of-the-united-kingdom-to-the-united-nations-describes-claims-by-argentina-that-the-unite.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
9. [Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/10/argentina-s-foreign-minister-ha-c-ctor-timerman-issues-a-formal-complaint-to-the-united-nations-about-british-militarisation-of-seas-around.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
10. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
