### [2011-06-25](/news/2011/06/25/index.md)

# New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. 

The number of Americans living in states covered by same-sex marriage laws has more than doubled after New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed a bill into law that gave gay and lesbian couples the right to marry. 


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/POLITICS/06/25/new.york.gay.marriage/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: California, New York State, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
2. [Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo announces that Hurricane Sandy ran up a bill of $32 billion in New York. ](/news/2012/11/26/governor-of-new-york-andrew-cuomo-announces-that-hurricane-sandy-ran-up-a-bill-of-32-billion-in-new-york.md) _Context: Andrew Cuomo, New York Governor, New York State_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit refuses to allow same-sex marriages to resume in the US state of California while it considers the constitutionality of Proposition 8. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-refuses-to-allow-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-us-state-of-california-while-i.md) _Context: California, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
4. [Supporters of California Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage lodge an appeal against the decision of United States district court Vaughn R. Walker overturning it. ](/news/2010/08/5/supporters-of-california-proposition-8-banning-same-sex-marriage-lodge-an-appeal-against-the-decision-of-united-states-district-court-vaughn.md) _Context: California, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
5. [Vaughn R. Walker, the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, rules in "Perry v. Schwarzenegger" that California Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage in California is unconstitutional. ](/news/2010/08/4/vaughn-r-walker-the-chief-judge-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-rules-in-perry-v-schwarzene.md) _Context: California, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
6. [ The Supreme Court of California upholds Proposition 8, the state's ban on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2009/05/26/the-supreme-court-of-california-upholds-proposition-8-the-state-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: California, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
7. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, New York Governor, New York State_
8. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California, New York State_
9. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: California, New York State_
10. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs an order banning all non-essential travel to North Carolina, i.e., travel not necessary for the enforcement of New York state law, public health, and/or safety, following the state's passage of a law blocking local governments from passing anti-discrimination ordinances. ](/news/2016/03/28/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-an-order-banning-all-non-essential-travel-to-north-carolina-i-e-travel-not-necessary-for-the-enforce.md) _Context: Andrew Cuomo, New York Governor_
