### [1999-03-4](/news/1999/03/4/index.md)

#  Monica Lewinsky's book detailing her affair with Bill Clinton goes on sale in the United States.




### Related:

1. [Monica Lewinsky releases a book recalling her affair with then United States President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2014/05/6/monica-lewinsky-releases-a-book-recalling-her-affair-with-then-united-states-president-bill-clinton.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky_
2. [Tony Blair is to receive a prestigious medal and $100,000 from the United States, presented by Bill Clinton, for his "steadfast" efforts in "the resolution of conflicts rooted in religion around the world". ](/news/2010/06/30/tony-blair-is-to-receive-a-prestigious-medal-and-100-000-from-the-united-states-presented-by-bill-clinton-for-his-steadfast-efforts-in.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
3. [Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has two coronary stents implanted in his heart at the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, after chest pains. ](/news/2010/02/11/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-has-two-coronary-stents-implanted-in-his-heart-at-the-newyorkapresbyterian-hospital-in-new-york-city-a.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
4. [ Two United States journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, who had been detained by North Korea, return home with former U.S. President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/5/two-united-states-journalists-laura-ling-and-euna-lee-who-had-been-detained-by-north-korea-return-home-with-former-u-s-president-bill-c.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
5. [ Former United States President Bill Clinton arrives in Pyongyang, North Korea, and secures the freedom of two detained American journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee. ](/news/2009/08/4/former-united-states-president-bill-clinton-arrives-in-pyongyang-north-korea-and-secures-the-freedom-of-two-detained-american-journalists.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
6. [ During a tour of Africa, Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, attacks a Congolese university student for asking about the opinion of her husband Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/10/during-a-tour-of-africa-hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-attacks-a-congolese-university-student-for-asking-about-the.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
