### [2013-02-1](/news/2013/02/1/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton steps down as United States Secretary of State; she is succeeded by Senator John Kerry. 

The window for negotiationswith Iran about its nuclear program cannot stay open for &quot;toomuch longer,&quot; outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clintonsaid on Thursday but she declined to provide a deadline.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-21299198)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/01/iran-usa-clinton-idUSL1N0B0LVW20130201)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94-3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
3. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effe.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
4. [Ukraine-United States relations: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-endi.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
5. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
6. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
7. [Russia-United States relations: A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-internationa.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
8. [G7 foreign ministers meeting: John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
10. [Iran-United States relations: The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/iran-united-states-relations-the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-fo.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
