### [2013-02-1](/news/2013/02/1/index.md)

# Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. 

A Metropolitan Police detective who tried to sell information on the phone-hacking probe to the News of the World is sentenced to 15 months in prison.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21292338)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal: British Home Secretary Theresa May will address MPs on Monday following revelations that the Metropolitan Police hired former "News of the World" deputy editor Neil Wallis to give PR advice. ](/news/2011/07/17/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-british-home-secretary-theresa-may-will-address-mps-on-monday-following-revelations-that-the-metro.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [April Casburn, a senior detective with the Metropolitan Police is found guilty of trying to sell information on the investigation into phone hacking to the "News of the World", the newspaper at the centre of the scandal. ](/news/2013/01/10/april-casburn-a-senior-detective-with-the-metropolitan-police-is-found-guilty-of-trying-to-sell-information-on-the-investigation-into-phone.md) _Context: April Casburn, News of the World_
3. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal: The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal: Former "News of the World" managing editor Stuart Kuttner is arrested and later bailed as part of the ongoing investigation into phone hacking. ](/news/2011/08/2/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-former-news-of-the-world-managing-editor-stuart-kuttner-is-arrested-and-later-bailed-as-part-of.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal: Former "News of the World" news editor Greg Miskiw is arrested, then later bailed as the investigation into phone-hacking continues. ](/news/2011/08/10/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-former-news-of-the-world-news-editor-greg-miskiw-is-arrested-then-later-bailed-as-the-investiga.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal: The Metropolitan Police launches Operation Tuleta to investigate allegations of computer hacking by News International journalists. ](/news/2011/07/30/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-metropolitan-police-launches-operation-tuleta-to-investigate-allegations-of-computer-hacking-b.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal:: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
