### [2013-02-1](/news/2013/02/1/index.md)

# The Dow Jones Industrial Average closes above 14,000 points for the first time since 2007 as investors welcomed strong economic data from the United States. 

Investors will be looking out for the monthly jobs report and a swathe of data on the health of construction, manufacturing and consumer spending.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2013/02/01/investing/stocks-markets)

### Related:

1. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpasses pre-financial crisis levels, reaching an all-time high, last set in October 2007, after the release of better than expected economic data from the United States and Europe and the Chinese growth target. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-surpasses-pre-financial-crisis-levels-reaching-an-all-time-high-last-set-in-october-2007-after-the-relea.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
2. [Stocks rise sharply in the United States following positive jobs information with the Nasdaq Composite reaching its highest level since 2000 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average nearing levels last reached in 2008. ](/news/2012/02/3/stocks-rise-sharply-in-the-united-states-following-positive-jobs-information-with-the-nasdaq-composite-reaching-its-highest-level-since-2000.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
3. [Stock markets in Asia, Australia, and the United States fall further after the credit rating of the United States is downgraded with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling by over 634 points, 5.55%. ](/news/2011/08/8/stock-markets-in-asia-australia-and-the-united-states-fall-further-after-the-credit-rating-of-the-united-states-is-downgraded-with-the-dow.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
4. [ January 2008 stock market downturn: After further losses in international markets, the United States Federal Reserve System cuts its primary interest rate by 75 basis points to 3.5%, the largest move in the interest rate since 1982.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average recovers after initial losses of almost 500 points to close at 11,971.19, down only 1.06%. ](/news/2008/01/22/january-2008-stock-market-downturn-after-further-losses-in-international-markets-the-united-states-federal-reserve-system-cuts-its-primar.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
5. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls by nearly 400 points due to credit worries. Canadian and European stocks also fall. The European Central Bank, United States Federal Reserve and Bank of Canada all inject money into their credit markets to ease concerns. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-falls-by-nearly-400-points-due-to-credit-worries-canadian-and-european-stocks-also-fall-the-european-cen.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
6. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls more than 300 points due to concerns about weaknesses in the United States housing market and weak profit results. ](/news/2007/07/26/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-falls-more-than-300-points-due-to-concerns-about-weaknesses-in-the-united-states-housing-market-and-weak-p.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
7. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average closes up over 215 points as a result of the United States Federal Reserve saying that it would consider the overall economy, and direction of inflation, in setting the interest rate. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the 17th consecutive time to 5.25% due to ongoing concerns about inflation. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-closes-up-over-215-points-as-a-result-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-saying-that-it-would-consider-t.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, United States_
8. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: United States_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: United States_
