### [2015-05-5](/news/2015/05/5/index.md)

# Curtis Culwell Center attack: ISIS claims responsibility for the attack on an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad in the American city of Garland, Texas. One of the suspects was previously interrogated and surveilled by the FBI having visited Somalia, and both suspects praised ISIS in social media. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/05/05/report-islamic-state-claims-credit-for-texas-attack/)

### Related:

1. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: Two gunmen attacked the Curtis Culwell Center in the US city of Garland, Texas, which is holding an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunman were shot dead by police. Their car was found to contain no explosives. One security guard was hospitalized and is expected to recover. The attacks were reminiscent of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris in January 2015. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/05/3/curtis-culwell-center-attack-two-gunmen-attacked-the-curtis-culwell-center-in-the-us-city-of-garland-texas-which-is-holding-an-exhibition.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas, Muhammad_
2. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, ISIS_
3. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/curtis-culwell-center-attack-one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibi.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas_
4. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: The Governor of Iraq's Anbar Governorate estimates that 500 people were killed and 8000 fled as ISIS captured the strategically important city of Ramadi. ](/news/2015/05/18/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-the-governor-of-iraq-s-anbar-governorate-estimates-that-500-people-were-killed-and-8000-fled-as-isis-c.md) _Context: ISIL, ISIS_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [2017 Brighton siege: In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-brighton-siege-in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dea.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Somalia_
8. [Somali Public Works Minister Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji is shot and killed inside his vehicle by security forces near the Villa Somalia in the capital Mogadishu, after mistaking him for a militant. ](/news/2017/05/3/somali-public-works-minister-abbas-abdullahi-sheikh-siraji-is-shot-and-killed-inside-his-vehicle-by-security-forces-near-the-villa-somalia-i.md) _Context: Somalia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somalia_
10. [Battle of Mosul: Two Iraqi Army pilots are killed when their Mi-24 helicopter is shot down by ISIS over the city of Mosul. ](/news/2017/04/6/battle-of-mosul-two-iraqi-army-pilots-are-killed-when-their-mi-24-helicopter-is-shot-down-by-isis-over-the-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: ISIS_
