### [2014-09-13](/news/2014/09/13/index.md)

# The government of Qatar asks exiled leaders of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood to leave. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_EGYPT_QATAR?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar_
2. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar_
4. [Egypt's security forces kill nine 'terrorists' during a raid in a Western Cairo suburb. The group were among "the most dangerous terrorists" wanted in Egypt according to Giza deputy security director Magdy Abd El-Aal. It has also been reported that Nasser al-Hafi, a former MP and a leading lawyer for the Muslim Brotherhood was among those killed. ](/news/2015/07/1/egypt-s-security-forces-kill-nine-terrorists-during-a-raid-in-a-western-cairo-suburb-the-group-were-among-the-most-dangerous-terrorists.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
5. [Qatar withdraws its ambassador from Egypt following disagreement over Egyptian Air Force strikes against Islamic State targets in Libya after the execution of 21 Coptic Christian hostages by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/02/19/qatar-withdraws-its-ambassador-from-egypt-following-disagreement-over-egyptian-air-force-strikes-against-islamic-state-targets-in-libya-afte.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar_
6. [Egypt charges former president Mohammed Morsi and nine others for leaking sensitive government information to Qatar. ](/news/2014/09/6/egypt-charges-former-president-mohammed-morsi-and-nine-others-for-leaking-sensitive-government-information-to-qatar.md) _Context: Egypt, Qatar_
7. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:Two people were shot dead as clashes between Muslim Brotherhood supporters and police flared up across Egypt. ](/news/2014/01/17/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-ptwo-people-were-shot-dead-as-clashes-between-muslim-brotherhood-supporters-and-police-flared-up-across-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
8. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):The Egyptian government re-designates the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a terrorist organisation. ](/news/2013/12/25/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013apresent-pthe-egyptian-government-re-designates-the-muslim-brotherhood-in-egypt-as-a-terrorist-organ.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Qatar_
