### [2014-09-13](/news/2014/09/13/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Iraq Haider al-Abadi says he has ordered the army to stop shelling areas held by the Islamic State where there are civilians present. 

Terrorist group ISIS released a video Saturday purportedly showing the execution of British aid worker David Cawthorne Haines.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_IRAQ?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isis-terror/isis-releases-video-purportedly-showing-beheading-british-hostage-n202836)
2. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2014_37/665506/140913-david-haines-1913_5afee602ca9b8b5b279eb4b52b84050a.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retake-isil-held-mosul.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head reports the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured-iraqi-prime-minister-haide.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-were-defeated.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-of-the-great-mosqu.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake-the-militant-held.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
7. [Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation. Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation. ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack-of-coordination-among-secu.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
8. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
9. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Iraq Haider al-Abadi calls for abolishing the positions of Vice President and Deputy Prime Minister and says he is opening graft investigations. The previous vice president Tariq al-Hashimi was sentenced in absentia to death over political murders. ](/news/2015/08/9/the-prime-minister-of-iraq-haider-al-abadi-calls-for-abolishing-the-positions-of-vice-president-and-deputy-prime-minister-and-says-he-is-ope.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
