### [2011-02-27](/news/2011/02/27/index.md)

# For a second day, Croatian war veterans gather in the thousands to protest, this time in Split. 




### Source:

1. [Index](http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/prosvjednik-na-splitskoj-rivi-kolabrirao-i-preminuo/539897.aspx)

### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Croatia_
2. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-ne.md) _Context: Croatia_
3. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the conservative Croatian Democratic Union taking an early lead. ](/news/2016/09/11/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-croatia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-conservative-croatian-democra.md) _Context: Croatia_
4. [Croatian MPs vote to dissolve the Parliament, setting the stage for snap election, which are expected to take place in early September. This comes as Croatia is facing an escalating political crisis following the last election in November 2015. ](/news/2016/06/20/croatian-mps-vote-to-dissolve-the-parliament-setting-the-stage-for-snap-election-which-are-expected-to-take-place-in-early-september-this.md) _Context: Croatia_
5. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: Croatia_
6. [Yugoslav Wars: Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Croatia_
7. [Dragan Vasiljkovic, a former Serbian paramilitary commander, is charged with war crimes in Croatia. ](/news/2016/01/8/dragan-vasiljkovia-a-former-serbian-paramilitary-commander-is-charged-with-war-crimes-in-croatia.md) _Context: Croatia_
8. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. ](/news/2015/11/9/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-tightens-controls-over-its-schengen-border-with-croatia-due-to-concerns-of-an-influx-of-migrants.md) _Context: Croatia_
9. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Croatia_
10. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Croatia_
