### [2011-02-27](/news/2011/02/27/index.md)

# The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon claims that Belarus has broken an international arms embargo on the Ivory Coast by delivering three attack helicopters to military forces supporting the President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo. 




### Source:

1. [Canadian Press via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5jAOZ1COy0NUZgWNZgWFMI768L9tw?docId=6083866)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Belarus has "seriously violated" the arms embargo against the Ivory Coast, after a delivery of attack helicopters and material to the country. ](/news/2011/02/28/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-belarus-has-seriously-violated-the-arms-embargo-against-the-ivory-coast-after-a-deliver.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Belarus, Ivory Coast, Secretary General_
2. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/1/2010-2011-ivorian-crisis-heavy-fighting-continues-in-abidjan-the-largest-city-in-the-ivory-coast-between-forces-loyal-to-current-preside.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
3. [The United Nations is investigating suspected transfer of weapons from Zimbabwe to Ivory Coast's incumbent President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in violation of UN sanctions. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-united-nations-is-investigating-suspected-transfer-of-weapons-from-zimbabwe-to-ivory-coast-s-incumbent-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laur.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
4. [Yemeni civil war. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/yemeni-civil-war-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-b.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
6. [Burundian unrest (2015-present). The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: Laurent Gbagbo, President of the Ivory Coast_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Syria peace talks in Vienna. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [European migrant crisis. The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/european-migrant-crisis-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-a.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
