### [2006-03-31](/news/2006/03/31/index.md)

#  An intruder enters a church in Malta during mass and smashes a 200-year-old Jerusalem mother-of-pearl crucifix creating commotion. 




### Source:

1. [Times of Malta](http://www.timesofmalta.com/core/article.php?id=219645)

### Related:

1. [A 6th century mosaic dated from the rule of Justinian I is discovered while installing communication cables in Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2017/08/24/a-6th-century-mosaic-dated-from-the-rule-of-justinian-i-is-discovered-while-installing-communication-cables-in-jerusalem-s-old-city.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
2. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
3. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
4. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
6. [Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: Malta_
8. [Voters in Malta go to the polls for a snap election, with current Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and his Labour Party facing off against Forza Nazzjonali, led by Simon Busuttil. The election comes amid corruption allegations leveled against Muscat's associates. ](/news/2017/06/3/voters-in-malta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-with-current-prime-minister-joseph-muscat-and-his-labour-party-facing-off-against-forza.md) _Context: Malta_
9. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
