### [2014-02-7](/news/2014/02/7/index.md)

# U.S. Chief Justice John G. Roberts announces he appointed Judge Richard C. Tallman of the Ninth Circuit to the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review for a six-year term beginning January 27, 2014, filling the vacancy that had existed since August, and Judge James E. Boasberg of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia to replace Reggie Walton in the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for a six-year term in May. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/politics/sns-rt-us-usa-security-court-20140207,0,5660402.story)

### Related:

1. [John G. Roberts, Jr., Chief Justice of the United States, appoints Judge William Curtis Bryson as presiding judge of the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review. ](/news/2013/09/10/john-g-roberts-jr-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-appoints-judge-william-curtis-bryson-as-presiding-judge-of-the-united-states-forei.md) _Context: Chief Justice, United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review_
2. [U.S. district court judge Reggie Walton declares a mistrial in the perjury trial of former baseball star Roger Clemens after prosecutors present evidence that Walton had previously ruled inadmissible. Walton will hold a hearing on September 2 to determine whether to hold a new trial. ](/news/2011/07/14/u-s-district-court-judge-reggie-walton-declares-a-mistrial-in-the-perjury-trial-of-former-baseball-star-roger-clemens-after-prosecutors-pre.md) _Context: Reggie Walton, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
3. [ The U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary votes 13 to 5 for the nomination of John G. Roberts as Chief Justice of the United States. The appointment needs approval of the entire Senate, and that vote is expected during the week of September 26.](/news/2005/09/22/the-u-s-senate-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-13-to-5-for-the-nomination-of-john-g-roberts-as-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-the-a.md) _Context: Chief Justice, John G. Roberts_
4. [ Chief Justice nominee John G. Roberts affirms before the Senate Judiciary Committee today his belief in a constitutional right to privacy, which underpins many Constitutional amendments (viz. 1, 4, 5, 9, 13 and 14) as well as Roe v. Wade. (This does not translate to support specifically for Roe v. Wade.) He answers questions regarding civil rights in wartime, torture and the role on international law in interpreting the Constitution. ](/news/2005/09/13/chief-justice-nominee-john-g-roberts-affirms-before-the-senate-judiciary-committee-today-his-belief-in-a-constitutional-right-to-privacy.md) _Context: Chief Justice, John G. Roberts_
5. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-macaque-owns-its.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
