### [2002-07-31](/news/2002/07/31/index.md)

# The Foreign Relations Committee of the United States Senate begins hearings on the proposed invasion of Iraq




### Related:

1. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, United States Senate_
2. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
3. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals: The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: United States Senate_
4. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [Philippine Drug War: A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/philippine-drug-war-a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-dru.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [U.S. Senator John McCain is diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer, glioblastoma multiforme. This is his second battle with cancer, after having been successfully treated for malignant melanoma. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-senator-john-mccain-is-diagnosed-with-a-malignant-brain-cancer-glioblastoma-multiforme-this-is-his-second-battle-with-cancer-after-h.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
