### [2011-01-26](/news/2011/01/26/index.md)

# Iranian media censor pictures of EU foreign minister Catherine Ashton's cleavage taken at recent failed talks on Iran's nuclear program; Ashton covers up in later meetings to prevent further diplomatic incident. 

Iranian newspapers retouch a photograph of EU foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton to make her outfit less revealing.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-12289080)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1350677/Iran-media-raise-Baroness-Ashtons-neckline-picture-nuclear-programme-talks.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4019611,00.html)

### Related:

1. [EU Foreign Affairs head, Catherine Ashton meets with deposed President Mohamed Morsi at an undisclosed location and confirms he is in good health, while Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood supporters call for continued demonstrations against the new regime. ](/news/2013/07/30/eu-foreign-affairs-head-catherine-ashton-meets-with-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi-at-an-undisclosed-location-and-confirms-he-is-in-good-h.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, Foreign policy chief_
2. [High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton attends a joint press conference with Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad after their meeting in Ramallah. ](/news/2010/07/17/high-representative-of-the-union-for-foreign-affairs-and-security-policy-catherine-ashton-attends-a-joint-press-conference-with-palestinian.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, Foreign policy chief_
3. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, Foreign policy chief_
4. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
5. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that   President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Censorship in Iran_
6. [EU Foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini holds the highest-level talks between the EU and Iran in decades to mark a new phase in relations between the two. Both sides are keen to focus on trade, energy and the environment as possible areas of cooperation. ](/news/2016/04/16/eu-foreign-policy-chief-federica-mogherini-holds-the-highest-level-talks-between-the-eu-and-iran-in-decades-to-mark-a-new-phase-in-relations.md) _Context: Foreign policy chief_
7. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
8. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
9. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
10. [Iran asks Austria to secure the talks over its nuclear program following reports of cybersecurity breaches. ](/news/2015/06/13/iran-asks-austria-to-secure-the-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-following-reports-of-cybersecurity-breaches.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
