### [2014-06-24](/news/2014/06/24/index.md)

# Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/25/world/europe/rebekah-brooks-found-not-guilty-in-phone-hacking-case.html)

### Related:

1. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, Rebekah Brooks_
3. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal:British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pbritish-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:Rebekah Brooks resigns as chief executive of News International as a result of the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/07/15/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-prebekah-brooks-resigns-as-chief-executive-of-news-international-as-a-result-of-the-news-internatio.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [Rebekah Brooks, the former CEO of News International, appears at Westminster Magistrates Court on phone hacking charges alongside her husband and four other News International employees. ](/news/2012/06/13/rebekah-brooks-the-former-ceo-of-news-international-appears-at-westminster-magistrates-court-on-phone-hacking-charges-alongside-her-husban.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
9. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
10. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tablo.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
