### [2014-06-24](/news/2014/06/24/index.md)

# In ice hockey, Sidney Crosby, captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins, wins both the Hart Memorial Trophy and the Ted Lindsay Award for most valuable player as voted by the media and National Hockey League Players' Association, respectively. 

The official National Hockey League website including news, rosters, stats, schedules, teams, and video.


### Source:

1. [NHL](http://www.nhl.com/ice/news.htm?id=723636)

### Related:

1. [ Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins wins the Hart Memorial Trophy as the National Hockey League's most valuable player during the  2006&ndash;07 season in the annual NHL awards. ](/news/2007/06/14/sidney-crosby-of-the-pittsburgh-penguins-wins-the-hart-memorial-trophy-as-the-national-hockey-league-s-most-valuable-player-during-the-200.md) _Context: Pittsburgh Penguins, Sidney Crosby, most valuable player_
2. [In ice hockey, Jarome Iginla of the Calgary Flames is traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins, with Calgary acquiring prospects Ben Hanowski and Kenneth Agostino, and also Pittsburgh's first-round pick in the 2013 NHL Draft. Iginla has played for the Flames since the 1996 Stanley Cup playoffs, and has served as Flames captain since 2003. ](/news/2013/03/27/in-ice-hockey-jarome-iginla-of-the-calgary-flames-is-traded-to-the-pittsburgh-penguins-with-calgary-acquiring-prospects-ben-hanowski-and-k.md) _Context: Pittsburgh Penguins, ice hockey_
3. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: National Hockey League Players' Association, ice hockey_
4. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: National Hockey League Players' Association, ice hockey_
5. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League Players' Association overwhelmingly votes to ratify a new collective bargaining agreement reached with the league. NHL training camps are scheduled to open on January 13, with a shortened 48-game regular season to begin on January 19. ](/news/2013/01/12/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-overwhelmingly-votes-to-ratify-a-new-collective-bargaining-agreement-reached.md) _Context: National Hockey League Players' Association, ice hockey_
6. [ Ice hockey: The 2007 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs begin.  The inaugural matchup features the Pittsburgh Penguins visiting the Ottawa Senators at Scotiabank Place in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2007/04/11/ice-hockey-the-2007-nhl-stanley-cup-playoffs-begin-the-inaugural-matchup-features-the-pittsburgh-penguins-visiting-the-ottawa-senators-a.md) _Context: Pittsburgh Penguins, ice hockey_
7. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: ice hockey_
8. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: ice hockey_
9. [Gordie Howe, who scored 801 goals, was a six-time most valuable player during 26 years in the National Hockey League and won four Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings, dies at the age of 88. ](/news/2016/06/10/gordie-howe-who-scored-801-goals-was-a-six-time-most-valuable-player-during-26-years-in-the-national-hockey-league-and-won-four-stanley-cu.md) _Context: most valuable player_
10. [In front of a crowd of 105,491 at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan, potentially the largest ever to attend an ice hockey game, the Toronto Maple Leafs defeat the Detroit Red Wings 3-2 after a shootout in the 2014 NHL Winter Classic. ](/news/2014/01/1/in-front-of-a-crowd-of-105-491-at-michigan-stadium-in-ann-arbor-michigan-potentially-the-largest-ever-to-attend-an-ice-hockey-game-the-to.md) _Context: ice hockey_
