### [2010-07-29](/news/2010/07/29/index.md)

# People in the U.S. state of Arizona protest the introduction of state immigration laws with demonstrators being arrested outside the office of Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/US/07/29/arizona.immigration.protests/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio, sheriff_
2. [Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard. ](/news/2016/03/19/two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-road-to-the-phoenix-suburb-of-fountain-hills-arizo.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio, sheriff_
3. [The United States Supreme Court rules that Arizona's immigration law is mostly unconstitutional, except for the part that allows for law enforcement officers, in the course of their duties, to ask about an illegal immigrant's legal status if they have actual reasons to believe that the person is an immigrant and is here illegally, especially if they are of relevance to a case. ](/news/2012/06/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-arizona-s-immigration-law-is-mostly-unconstitutional-except-for-the-part-that-allows-for-law-enf.md) _Context: Arizona, immigration law_
4. [United States federal judge Susan Bolton issues a ruling blocking Arizona from implementing sections of Arizona SB 1070 requiring police to check a person's immigration status and requiring immigrants to carry their papers at all times. ](/news/2010/07/28/united-states-federal-judge-susan-bolton-issues-a-ruling-blocking-arizona-from-implementing-sections-of-arizona-sb-1070-requiring-police-to.md) _Context: Arizona, immigration law_
5. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: Arizona_
6. [Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio holds a press conference showing findings from 2 different forensic experts of "9 points of forgery" alleging President Obama's long form birth certificate was forged and also claims to have found the birth certificate used to make the forgery. ](/news/2016/12/15/arizona-sheriff-joe-arpaio-holds-a-press-conference-showing-findings-from-2-different-forensic-experts-of-9-points-of-forgery-alleging-pre.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio_
7. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Arizona_
8. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Department of Justice announces that they will file criminal contempt of court charges against Maricopa County, Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio for violating a judge's order to stop immigration patrols that led to a court finding of racial profiling. The charges carry a maximum penalty of six months in jail. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-justice-announces-that-they-will-file-criminal-contempt-of-court-charges-against-mar.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio_
9. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Arizona_
10. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona_
