### [2004-04-24](/news/2004/04/24/index.md)

#  Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.




### Related:

1. [Two suicide bombers kill 70 people and injure more than 100 others at a crowded market in Sadr City, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/28/two-suicide-bombers-kill-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-at-a-crowded-market-in-sadr-city-iraq-isil-claims-responsibility-for-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Sadr City, Suicide bombers_
2. [At least 16 people are killed by twin bomb blasts in the Sadr City neighbourhood of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. ](/news/2011/10/13/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-sadr-city-neighbourhood-of-baghdad-the-capital-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
3. [Bomb attacks in the Iraqi cities of Karbala, Najaf and Basra kill at least nineteen people and injure scores more. ](/news/2010/11/8/bomb-attacks-in-the-iraqi-cities-of-karbala-najaf-and-basra-kill-at-least-nineteen-people-and-injure-scores-more.md) _Context: Basra, Iraq, Karbala_
4. [In Baghdad, Iraq multiple suicide bombings go off during mid-day rush hour, killing 4 and injuring about 16, another strike at 7:15am hits a mini-bus heading from Sadr City into downtown Baghdad, killing 3 including a police officer, and 9 others are wounded. Also, three other bombs go off simultaneously in a business district killing 1 and injuring 7. ](/news/2010/08/15/in-baghdad-iraq-multiple-suicide-bombings-go-off-during-mid-day-rush-hour-killing-4-and-injuring-about-16-another-strike-at-7-15am-hits-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
5. [ Ten thousand Iraqi troops enter Sadr City in Baghdad to seize control from Shiite militants. ](/news/2008/05/20/ten-thousand-iraqi-troops-enter-sadr-city-in-baghdad-to-seize-control-from-shiite-militants.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
6. [ Eleven people are killed and 20 wounded in clashes between Iraqi militias and the United States Army in the Sadr City district of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/05/13/eleven-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-clashes-between-iraqi-militias-and-the-united-states-army-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
7. [ A car bomb attack on a fuel station in the Sadr City district of Baghdad, Iraq, kills at least 26 people. Many others are injured. ](/news/2006/09/23/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-fuel-station-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-26-people-many-others-are-injured.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
8. [ Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.md) _Context: Baghdad, Basra, Iraq_
9. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
10. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, U.S. presence in Iraq_
