### [2015-03-31](/news/2015/03/31/index.md)

# A Malaysian court finds a local man guilty of the murder of two British students in Borneo in 2014. 

A Malaysian court finds a local man guilty of murdering two British medical students in Borneo.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-32126549?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [Two bodies have been removed from Borneo's Mount Kinabalu following the 6.1 magnitude earthquake that hit Malaysia's Sabah province Friday morning. Previously-stranded climbers, reported at 137, have descended to the Laban Rata resthouse. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-bodies-have-been-removed-from-borneo-s-mount-kinabalu-following-the-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-that-hit-malaysia-s-sabah-province-friday-m.md) _Context: Borneo's, Malaysia_
2. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation and British satellite firm Inmarsat release the raw data used to determine the estimated path of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2014/05/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysia-s-department-of-civil-aviation-and-british-satellite-firm-inmarsat-release-the-raw-data-used-to-deter.md) _Context: British people, Malaysia_
3. [Brunei and Malaysia sign a deal to jointly explore and produce oil and gas off the coast of northern Borneo. ](/news/2010/12/13/brunei-and-malaysia-sign-a-deal-to-jointly-explore-and-produce-oil-and-gas-off-the-coast-of-northern-borneo.md) _Context: Borneo's, Malaysia_
4. [ Malaysia and Indonesia agree to talks about the border dispute in Borneo over oil resources. Indonesia has deployed military units to the area ](/news/2005/03/7/malaysia-and-indonesia-agree-to-talks-about-the-border-dispute-in-borneo-over-oil-resources-indonesia-has-deployed-military-units-to-the-a.md) _Context: Borneo's, Malaysia_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [The British people vote locally. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-british-people-vote-locally.md) _Context: British people_
8. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-alleged-assassination-of-kim-jong-nam-by-north-korean-agen.md) _Context: Malaysia_
