### [2017-04-6](/news/2017/04/6/index.md)

# Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. 

West African country holding its first legislative election since the departure of long-time ruler Yahya Jammeh.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/04/gambians-vote-post-jammeh-parliamentary-poll-170406060534006.html)

### Related:

1. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
2. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
3. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from  the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
4. [Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. ](/news/2017/01/21/former-president-yahya-jammeh-leaves-the-gambia-on-a-plane-reportedly-bound-for-guinea.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
5. [Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-22-year-rule-in-the-west-african-natio.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
6. [Aftermath of the Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. ](/news/2016/12/10/aftermath-of-the-gambian-security-forces-are-deployed-on-the-streets-of-the-capital-banjul-following-president-yahya-jammeh-s-rejection-of.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
7. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the  ''Msichana Initiative'', a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during  a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiat.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
8. [Adama Barrow is officially sworn in as the Gambia's new President. ](/news/2017/02/18/adama-barrow-is-officially-sworn-in-as-the-gambia-s-new-president.md) _Context: President, the Gambia_
9. [European Union-The Gambia relationsThe European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/european-unionathe-gambia-relationspthe-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-th.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
10. [Gambian President Adama Barrow returns to the Gambia after being sworn in as president in Senegal, bringing an end to the country's political crisis. ](/news/2017/01/26/gambian-president-adama-barrow-returns-to-the-gambia-after-being-sworn-in-as-president-in-senegal-bringing-an-end-to-the-country-s-politica.md) _Context: President, the Gambia_
