### [2010-06-10](/news/2010/06/10/index.md)

# Ireland's Labour Party tops an opinion poll, the first time in the country's history that this has occurred and an event which would "radically alter" Irish politics in a general election. 

The Labour Party has become the biggest party in the State for the first time in its history, according to the latest Irish Times&hellip;


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0610/politics.html)
2. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE65963F20100610)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0610/breaking70.html)
4. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20100610-714498.html?mod=WSJ_latestheadlines)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
2. [Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/ireland-s-minister-of-state-for-primary-care-roisin-shortall-resigns-due-to-a-dispute-with-minister-for-health-james-reilly-she-also-resign.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
3. [British police undercover spy ring operating across Europe:Veteran Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins writes to the Irish Department of Justice regarding the activities of undercover British police officer Mark Kennedy, who infiltrated protest movements across Europe, including several on Republic of Ireland territory. He describes it as "of grave concern" and that "this type of activity undermines respect for the law and it is very sinister in that it can damage good causes." ](/news/2011/01/15/british-police-undercover-spy-ring-operating-across-europe-pveteran-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-writes-to-the-irish-department-of-jus.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
4. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
5. [ An institutional child abuse museum is suggested in Ireland by the Labour Party's Ruairi Quinn, with Education Minister Batt O'Keeffe criticising the Opposition on the issue. ](/news/2009/07/7/an-institutional-child-abuse-museum-is-suggested-in-ireland-by-the-labour-party-s-ruairi-quinn-with-education-minister-batt-o-keeffe-criti.md) _Context: Labour Party, Republic of Ireland_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
7. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
8. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
