### [2010-06-10](/news/2010/06/10/index.md)

# Two Norwegians, including one with British citizenship, Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland, are sentenced to death by a military court in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on charges of murder and espionage. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/10285099.stm)

### Related:

1. [A court in the Democratic Republic of the Congo overturns death sentences granted to Norwegians Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland. ](/news/2010/04/22/a-court-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-overturns-death-sentences-granted-to-norwegians-joshua-french-and-tjostolv-moland.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland, Norway_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
3. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
4. [Activists from the Enough Project reveal through ''The Guardian'' newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. ](/news/2012/09/25/activists-from-the-enough-project-reveal-through-the-guardian-newspaper-that-omar-al-bashir-s-sudan-and-joseph-kabila-s-dr-congo-togethe.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Kingdom_
5. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
6. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-ptravel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finl.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
7. [ Two Norwegians, Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland, on trial for alleged murder and espionage, are found guilty on both counts and sentenced to death by a Congolese military tribunal.  ](/news/2009/09/8/two-norwegians-joshua-french-and-tjostolv-moland-on-trial-for-alleged-murder-and-espionage-are-found-guilty-on-both-counts-and-sentenced.md) _Context: Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland, Norway_
8. [ British-Norwegian cruise line Fred Olsen's cruise ship ''Balmoral'' escapes a Somali pirate attack in the Gulf of Aden. ](/news/2009/03/4/british-norwegian-cruise-line-fred-olsen-s-cruise-ship-balmoral-escapes-a-somali-pirate-attack-in-the-gulf-of-aden.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
9. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Norway, United Kingdom_
10. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Norway_
