### [2010-06-10](/news/2010/06/10/index.md)

# Vujadin Popovic and Ljubisa Beara, former high-ranking officers of the Bosnian Serb army, are found guilty of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, the harshest judgment ever delivered by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. 

UN court delivers life sentence to two men involved in the Srebrenica massacre.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gowDanLRdWnFtAvKrqJZh9QbSlawD9G8CBIO3)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/06/2010610113051144755.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre, life imprisonment_
2. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
3. [ Former Bosnian Serb Army General Ratko Mladic, wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague in connection with the massacre of 8,000 men and boys on July 11, 1995, in Srebrenica, has been reported by Belgrade's Studio B TV to have been arrested. The Serbian government has denied the capture, decrying the report as "manipulation which damages the government". ](/news/2006/02/21/former-bosnian-serb-army-general-ratko-mladia-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-in-con.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb army, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
4. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
5. [Russia vetoes a UN resolution that would have condemned the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre of more than 8,000 Bosniaks as a genocide. ](/news/2015/07/8/russia-vetoes-a-un-resolution-that-would-have-condemned-the-july-1995-srebrenica-massacre-of-more-than-8-000-bosniaks-as-a-genocide.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
6. [A judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia upholds the conviction of five men in connection with the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2015/01/30/a-judge-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-upholds-the-conviction-of-five-men-in-connection-with-the-srebrenic.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
7. [Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:. Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/trial-of-ratko-mladia-in-the-hague-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
8. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. ](/news/2008/08/29/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-refuses-to-enter-pleas-to-charges-including-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-inter.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, genocide_
9. [ The International Court of Justice finds Serbia guilty of failing to prevent genocide in the Srebrenica massacre, but clears it of direct responsibility and complicity in a case brought forth by Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2007/02/26/the-international-court-of-justice-finds-serbia-guilty-of-failing-to-prevent-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-but-clears-it-of-direct-r.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre, genocide_
10. [ Bosnian Serb officer Vujadin Popovic, accused of complicity in Srebrenica massacre in 1995, pleads not guilty in the Hague. He surrendered to the ICTY on 14 April. ](/news/2005/04/18/bosnian-serb-officer-vujadin-popovia-accused-of-complicity-in-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-pleads-not-guilty-in-the-hague-he-surrendered.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
