### [2009-09-11](/news/2009/09/11/index.md)

#  NASA's Space Shuttle "Discovery" lands at the Edwards Air Force Base in California, USA. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/8249687.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Space Shuttle "Atlantis" lands at Edwards Air Force Base in California, United States, after completing the final servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope. ](/news/2009/05/24/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-at-edwards-air-force-base-in-california-united-states-after-completing-the-final-servicing-mission-to.md) _Context: California, Edwards Air Force Base, United States_
2. [ A United States Air Force F-22 Raptor crashes near Edwards AF Base in California, killing its pilot. ](/news/2009/03/25/a-united-states-air-force-f-22-raptor-crashes-near-edwards-af-base-in-california-killing-its-pilot.md) _Context: California, Edwards Air Force Base, United States_
3. [ The United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration delays the Space Shuttle "Discovery"'s mission to the International Space Station due to a hydrogen gas leak. ](/news/2009/03/11/the-united-states-national-aeronautics-and-space-administration-delays-the-space-shuttle-discovery-s-mission-to-the-international-space-s.md) _Context: Discovery, NASA, United States_
4. [ Space Shuttle "Discovery", the craft for the STS-114 mission, lands at 05:12 PDT (12:12 UTC) at Edwards Air Force Base in California. ](/news/2005/08/9/space-shuttle-discovery-the-craft-for-the-sts-114-mission-lands-at-05-12-pdt-12-12-utc-at-edwards-air-force-base-in-california.md) _Context: California, Discovery, Edwards Air Force Base_
5. [Sanctuary cities. California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, United States_
6. [United States' policy of deterrence. The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/united-states-policy-of-deterrence-the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [New Frontiers program. The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: NASA, United States_
8. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
