### [2003-12-10](/news/2003/12/10/index.md)

#  2004 Taiwan Presidential Election: President Chen Shui-bian is officially nominated by his Democratic Progressive Party and picks Vice President Annette Lu as his running mate. [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V1414.AP-Taiwan-Vice-Pre.html]




### Related:

1. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party, President_
2. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party, President_
3. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, President_
4. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, President_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Annette Lu, Chen Shui-bian_
6. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party_
7. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, President_
8. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, President_
9. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
10. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
