### [2003-12-10](/news/2003/12/10/index.md)

# Occupation of Iraq:The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). 




### Related:

1. [ The Special Court for Sierra Leone convicts three Revolutionary United Front commanders of war crimes and crimes against humanity during an 11-year civil war. ](/news/2009/02/25/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-convicts-three-revolutionary-united-front-commanders-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity-during-an.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crime_
2. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda finds Thoneste Bagosora guilty of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes and sentences him to life imprisonment. ](/news/2008/12/18/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-finds-theoneste-bagosora-guilty-of-genocide-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-and-sent.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crime_
3. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crime_
4. [  The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulatio.md) _Context: war crime_
5. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: war crime_
6. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: war crime_
7. [As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc-rebels-the-amnesty.md) _Context: war crime_
8. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: war crime_
9. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: war crime_
10. [Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.  ](/news/2015/11/22/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-of-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-ali-ahsan-mohamm.md) _Context: war crime_
