### [2003-12-10](/news/2003/12/10/index.md)

# The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http:--www.ajc.com-news-content-news-ap-ap_story.html-Intl-AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http:--sify.com-news-international-fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http:--famulus.msnbc.com-FamulusIntl-reuters12-10-182227.asp]




### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan reluctantly describes the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq as an "illegal" violation of the UN Charter, in response to repeated questions on the subject during a press conference. ](/news/2004/09/16/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-reluctantly-describes-the-2003-u-s-led-invasion-of-iraq-as-an-illegal-violation-of-the-un-ch.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: Some in the international community have rejected a revised United States draft United Nations Security Council resolution concerning Iraq (calling for a multinational force of peacekeeping troops in Iraq under American command; transferring power gradually to elected civilian rule [though there is no handover timetable for sovereignty]). The resolution is being supported by the United Kingdom. France, Germany, and Russia (which opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq) have joined Kofi Annan in opposing the resolution. Annan states that the United Nations itself will not become heavily involved unless there are early moves toward passing sovereignty to the Iraqi people. Annan's stance is similar to that of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II and some members of the European Union.](/news/2003/10/6/occupation-of-iraq-some-in-the-international-community-have-rejected-a-revised-united-states-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolut.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Kofi Annan, United Nations_
3. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: China, Japan, United Nations_
4. [China rules out a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan at the United Nations to resolve an ongoing diplomatic row, saying the timing is "not proper". ](/news/2010/09/21/china-rules-out-a-meeting-with-japanese-prime-minister-naoto-kan-at-the-united-nations-to-resolve-an-ongoing-diplomatic-row-saying-the-timi.md) _Context: China, Japan, United Nations_
5. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_

### Changes:

1. [Occupation of Iraq:The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). ](/news/2003/12/10/occupation-of-iraq-pthe-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity.md) _2017-08-25 03:15:22 (First version)_
2. [Occupation of Iraq:: The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http:--www.ajc.com-news-content-news-ap-ap_story.html-Intl-AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-3306605.stm]: The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http:--sify.com-news-international-fullstory.php?id=13331865]: The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http:--famulus.msnbc.com-FamulusIntl-reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/occupation-of-iraq-the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanit.md) _2017-08-27 03:15:23 (Update)_
2. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http:--www.ajc.com-news-content-news-ap-ap_story.html-Intl-AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http:--sify.com-news-international-fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http:--famulus.msnbc.com-FamulusIntl-reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _(Current version)_
