### [2003-12-10](/news/2003/12/10/index.md)

#  The Barron Report into the Dublin and Monaghan Bombings in 1974 concludes that the Ulster Volunteer Force was responsible for the largest terrorist attack in the history of the Irish Troubles, which killed 33 people. It also concludes that some members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and British military intelligence may have been involved in the attacks. The report strongly criticises the Irish National Coalition government (1973-77) for its handling of the crisis and criticises the United Kingdom for failures to offer assistance and information to track down the murderers. [http://www.rte.ie/news/2003/1210/bombings.html]




### Related:

1. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
2. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
3. [Eritrea accuses four Britons of espionage and terrorism. ](/news/2011/06/9/eritrea-accuses-four-britons-of-espionage-and-terrorism.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
4. [A British man of Somali origin, destined for Uganda, is arrested in Schiphol airport in Amsterdam on suspicion of being a terrorist. ](/news/2010/09/19/a-british-man-of-somali-origin-destined-for-uganda-is-arrested-in-schiphol-airport-in-amsterdam-on-suspicion-of-being-a-terrorist.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
5. [The Government of Pakistan summons the British High Commissioner to Islamabad for a "dressing down" by Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi over remarks made by the British Prime Minister David Cameron on Pakistan "looking both ways" on terrorism. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-government-of-pakistan-summons-the-british-high-commissioner-to-islamabad-for-a-dressing-down-by-foreign-minister-shah-mehmood-qureshi.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
6. [ Rangzieb Ahmed, the highest-ranked al-Qaeda operative in the United Kingdom, becomes the first person convicted of the charge of directing terrorism. ](/news/2008/12/19/rangzieb-ahmed-the-highest-ranked-al-qaeda-operative-in-the-united-kingdom-becomes-the-first-person-convicted-of-the-charge-of-directing.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
7. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
8. [ UK Law Lords rule in ''A v. Secretary of State for the Home Department'' that evidence which may have been obtained by torture cannot be used against suspects in terrorism cases. ](/news/2005/12/8/uk-law-lords-rule-in-a-v-secretary-of-state-for-the-home-department-that-evidence-which-may-have-been-obtained-by-torture-cannot-be-us.md) _Context: United Kingdom, terrorism_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/conflict-in-iraq-p-former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force.md) _Context: RUC, United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
