### [1999-12-24](/news/1999/12/24/index.md)

#  Indian Airlines Flight 814, which was en route from Kathmandu, Nepal to Delhi, India was hijacked and taken to Kandahar, Afghanistan




### Related:

1. [April 2015 Nepal earthquake. A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/april-2015-nepal-earthquake-a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pok.md) _Context: India, Kathmandu, Nepal_
2. [A magnitude 5.4 earthquake strikes western Nepal near the Indian border, and is felt in Delhi. ](/news/2011/04/4/a-magnitude-5-4-earthquake-strikes-western-nepal-near-the-indian-border-and-is-felt-in-delhi.md) _Context: Delhi, India, Nepal_
3. [ Four Nepalese United Nations workers and their driver are killed in a roadside bombing in Kandahar, Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/04/17/four-nepalese-united-nations-workers-and-their-driver-are-killed-in-a-roadside-bombing-in-kandahar-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kandahar, Nepal_
4. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
5. [China-Nepal relations. In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/china-nepal-relations-in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
6. [19th SAARC summit. Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India_
7. [Former chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Rajendra K. Pachauri is to face a court in Delhi, India on charges of sexual harassment. Pachauri is accused of stalking, intimidation and sexual assault of a former employee. ](/news/2016/04/22/former-chair-of-the-intergovernmental-panel-on-climate-change-rajendra-k-pachauri-is-to-face-a-court-in-delhi-india-on-charges-of-sexual-h.md) _Context: Delhi, India_
8. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: India, Nepal_
9. [Water supply is restored to the Indian city of Delhi as repairs are made to the vital Munak canal after the Jat reservation agitation is resolved. ](/news/2016/02/23/water-supply-is-restored-to-the-indian-city-of-delhi-as-repairs-are-made-to-the-vital-munak-canal-after-the-jat-reservation-agitation-is-res.md) _Context: Delhi, India_
10. [Jat protesters shut down 70% of Delhi's water supply meaning the Indian city could run out of water by the end of the weekend. At least nine people are killed in fighting. ](/news/2016/02/20/jat-protesters-shut-down-70-of-delhi-s-water-supply-meaning-the-indian-city-could-run-out-of-water-by-the-end-of-the-weekend-at-least-nine.md) _Context: Delhi, India_
