### [2016-05-17](/news/2016/05/17/index.md)

# Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. 

Presidential election results from the 2016 Oregon Democratic Primary and Oregon Republican Primary on May 17


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/oregon-state-results-election-2016/story?id=37346826)
2. [AFP via Yahoo! 7](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/31616146/clinton-stumps-in-kentucky-to-charm-white-working-man/)
3. [AP via ''Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-kentucky-oregon-primary-20160517-story.html)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/election/primaries/states/ky/Dem)
5. [Courier-Journal](http://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/politics/elections/kentucky/2016/05/17/kentucky-democrats-pick-between-hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/84276650/)
6. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/primaries/OR)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, D, Donald Trump, R_
2. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, D, Donald Trump, R_
3. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, D, Donald Trump, R_
4. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, D, Donald Trump, R_
5. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, D, R_
6. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, Oregon, R_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: D, Donald Trump, R_
8. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
9. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
10. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
