### [2002-12-18](/news/2002/12/18/index.md)

# An Indian court sentences three men to death for treason for their assistance in helping five gunmen prepare for the 2001 Indian Parliament attack, which killed nine people and triggered a tense standoff with nuclear rival Pakistan. Capital punishment in India is rare. 




### Related:

1. [Afzal Guru is hanged at Tihar Jail in New Delhi, India, for his role in the 2001 Indian Parliament attack. ](/news/2013/02/9/afzal-guru-is-hanged-at-tihar-jail-in-new-delhi-india-for-his-role-in-the-2001-indian-parliament-attack.md) _Context: 2001 Indian Parliament attack, India, death_
2. [A court in India sentences Mirza Himayat Baig to death for plotting the 2010 Pune bombing of a bakery which killed 17 people in Pune. ](/news/2013/04/19/a-court-in-india-sentences-mirza-himayat-baig-to-death-for-plotting-the-2010-pune-bombing-of-a-bakery-which-killed-17-people-in-pune.md) _Context: India, death_
3. [The Indian state of Gujarat seeks the death penalty for ten people involved in the Naroda Patiya massacre in 2002 including former minister Maya Kodnani who had been earlier sentenced to prison sentences. ](/news/2013/04/17/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-seeks-the-death-penalty-for-ten-people-involved-in-the-naroda-patiya-massacre-in-2002-including-former-minister.md) _Context: India, death_
4. [India's Supreme Court clears the way for the execution of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, a Sikh militant, rejecting his appeal for his sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment. ](/news/2013/04/12/india-s-supreme-court-clears-the-way-for-the-execution-of-devinder-pal-singh-bhullar-a-sikh-militant-rejecting-his-appeal-for-his-sentence.md) _Context: India, death_
5. [The trial of five men accused in the 2012 Delhi gang rape case begins today, while President of India Pranab Mukherjee approves the death penalty for rapists. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-trial-of-five-men-accused-in-the-2012-delhi-gang-rape-case-begins-today-while-president-of-india-pranab-mukherjee-approves-the-death-pe.md) _Context: India, death_
6. [India executes Ajmal Kasab, the lone surviving gunmen in the 2008 Mumbai attacks. He is hanged after his mercy petition is rejected. ](/news/2012/11/21/india-executes-ajmal-kasab-the-lone-surviving-gunmen-in-the-2008-mumbai-attacks-he-is-hanged-after-his-mercy-petition-is-rejected.md) _Context: India, death_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
