### [2009-08-20](/news/2009/08/20/index.md)

#  Elizabeth Ramos and Louis Williams, owners of defense contracting company Technical Logistics, admit to bribing an employee of the U.S. Navy's Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command in exchange for defense contracts. 

A couple who own a California defense contracting company have admitted bribing an employee of a Navy installation in San Diego.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/2009/08/20/Couple-admit-bribes-for-defense-contracts/UPI-34401250826069/)

### Related:

1. [Taiwan-United States relations. Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/taiwan-united-states-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-wort.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, China-United States relations. Malaysia-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China-s dismay over a U.S. Navy ship-s sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-malaysia-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. Chinese military aircraft conduct training in the South China Sea following the cruise of a U.S. Navy ship in the vicinity of the disputed Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/2/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-chinese-military-aircraft-conduct-training-in-the-south-china.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
4. [China hosts the ministers of defense from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). During the meeting a Chinese defense official suggests joint maritime drills between the host and ASEAN. At the same time, it is widely expected that U.S. Navy vessels may soon sail within 12 nautical miles of islands China is constructing upon reefs and atolls in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/16/china-hosts-the-ministers-of-defense-from-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-during-the-meeting-a-chinese-defense-official.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
5. [A U.S. Army Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes while landing on a U.S. Navy cargo vessel near the Japanese island of Okinawa, with seven people injured. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-u-s-army-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-while-landing-on-a-u-s-navy-cargo-vessel-near-the-japanese-island-of-okinawa-with.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
6. [The U.S. Army, working with the U.S. Navy and NASA, through its Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator transport helicopter re-design program, in the latest issue of Army Technology Magazine, takes note of some new designs Sikorsky-Boeing (the Sikorsky Defiant, which like the existing Sikorsky X2 and Sikorsky S-97 Raider, features a faster pusher propeller) and Bell Helicopter (the V-280 Valor, which resembles a slimmed-down version of the tilt-rotor V-22 Osprey, and comes in three versions: a troop- and equipment-carrying utility style, a medevac, and an attack chopper) have come up with since they were selected by the Pentagon in August 2014. ](/news/2015/03/8/the-u-s-army-working-with-the-u-s-navy-and-nasa-through-its-joint-multi-role-technology-demonstrator-transport-helicopter-re-design-prog.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. A Tropical Cyclone hampers the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 which vanished on March 8 with 239 people on board. A U.S. Navy submarine Bluefin-21 is on mission to find the wreckage. ](/news/2014/04/21/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-a-tropical-cyclone-hampers-the-search-for-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh370-which-vanished-on-march-8-wit.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [The Arleigh Burke-class missile destroyer USS Donald Cook of the U.S. Navy arrives at a Spanish base in Rota to begin deployment with the U.S. 6th Fleet. ](/news/2014/02/11/the-arleigh-burke-class-missile-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-of-the-u-s-navy-arrives-at-a-spanish-base-in-rota-to-begin-deployment-with-the-u.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [Two crew members are killed and another is missing after a U.S. Navy MH-53E Sea Dragon helicopter makes an emergency water landing off the Virginia coast, east of Virginia Beach; the two survivors are being treated at a Norfolk hospital. ](/news/2014/01/8/two-crew-members-are-killed-and-another-is-missing-after-a-u-s-navy-mh-53e-sea-dragon-helicopter-makes-an-emergency-water-landing-off-the-v.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
10. [U.S. Navy Vice Admiral Tim Giardina is suspended from his duties as #2 of the U.S. Strategic Command due to an investigation into gambling-related issues. ](/news/2013/09/28/u-s-navy-vice-admiral-tim-giardina-is-suspended-from-his-duties-as-2-of-the-u-s-strategic-command-due-to-an-investigation-into-gambling-r.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
