### [2004-08-22](/news/2004/08/22/index.md)

#  Singapore's new Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, hoping to quell Beijing's fury over his July 10-12 visit to Taiwan, says that he will not support the island if the People's Republic of China attacks it in retaliation for any push for Taiwan independence. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo! India](http://in.news.yahoo.com/040822/137/2fmou.html)

### Related:

1. [ Singapore's governing People's Action Party endorses Lee Hsien Loong, current deputy prime minister and son of former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, as the next prime minister. ](/news/2004/05/31/singapore-s-governing-people-s-action-party-endorses-lee-hsien-loong-current-deputy-prime-minister-and-son-of-former-prime-minister-lee-ku.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore, Singapore_
2. [The presidents of China and Taiwan are scheduled to meet in Singapore on November 7th, the first such meeting since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-presidents-of-china-and-taiwan-are-scheduled-to-meet-in-singapore-on-november-7th-the-first-such-meeting-since-the-chinese-communist-re.md) _Context: Singapore, the Republic of China_
3. [Lee Kuan Yew, a founding father of Singapore as well as its first prime minister, dies at the age of 91 after a prolonged illness. ](/news/2015/03/23/lee-kuan-yew-a-founding-father-of-singapore-as-well-as-its-first-prime-minister-dies-at-the-age-of-91-after-a-prolonged-illness.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Singapore, Singapore_
4. [Kwa Geok Choo, wife of first Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Kuan Yew and mother of current prime minister Lee Hsien Loong, dies at home. ](/news/2010/10/2/kwa-geok-choo-wife-of-first-prime-minister-of-singapore-lee-kuan-yew-and-mother-of-current-prime-minister-lee-hsien-loong-dies-at-home.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong visits Washington D.C. for talks with the President of the United States George W. Bush about South East Asia. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-prime-minister-of-singapore-lee-hsien-loong-visits-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-abo.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore_
6. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: independence, the Republic of China_
7. [ The President of Singapore, Sellapan Ramanathan, "on the advice of the prime minister (Lee Hsien Loong), has dissolved parliament" to prepare for the 2006 general election, to be held on May 6. ](/news/2006/04/20/the-president-of-singapore-sellapan-ramanathan-on-the-advice-of-the-prime-minister-lee-hsien-loong-has-dissolved-parliament-to-prepa.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Prime Minister of Singapore_
8. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: independence, the Republic of China_
9. [ Republic of China foreign minister Mark Chen calls Singapore "the size of a piece of snot" after Singaporean foreign minister George Yeo declared opposition to Taiwan independence. He later apologized for his "improper wording". ](/news/2004/09/28/republic-of-china-foreign-minister-mark-chen-calls-singapore-the-size-of-a-piece-of-snot-after-singaporean-foreign-minister-george-yeo-de.md) _Context: Singapore, independence_
10. [ The People's Republic of China says it may delay talks on a free trade agreement with Singapore following a recent visit to Taiwan by Singapore's deputy prime minister Lee Hsien Loong. ](/news/2004/08/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-says-it-may-delay-talks-on-a-free-trade-agreement-with-singapore-following-a-recent-visit-to-taiwan-by-singa.md) _Context: Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore_
