### [2013-07-22](/news/2013/07/22/index.md)

# The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees states that there are approximately 625,000 refugees from the Syrian civil war living in Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [IANS via ''Vancouver Post](http://www.vancouverdesi.com/news/over-625000-syrian-refugees-in-lebanon-unhcr/593038/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the total number of refugees from Syria reaches over five million. ](/news/2017/03/30/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-total-number-of-refugees-from-syria-reaches-over-five.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
2. [ Syrian civil war: Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Lebanese Customs seize five tonnes of Captagon amphetamine pills and Hashish, concealed in primary school desks that were to be shipped to Egypt, at Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport. Meanwhile, security forces in northern Lebanon found two workshops producing Captagon and other drugs during a series of raids. The drug is infamous as being used by Islamist militants in the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2015/12/29/lebanese-customs-seize-five-tonnes-of-captagon-amphetamine-pills-and-hashish-concealed-in-primary-school-desks-that-were-to-be-shipped-to-e.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Zabadani (2015): Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-zabadani-2015-fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Lebanon implements stricter immigration rules on its Syrian border in response to the refugee crisis caused by the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2015/01/5/lebanon-implements-stricter-immigration-rules-on-its-syrian-border-in-response-to-the-refugee-crisis-caused-by-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Saudi Arabia grants Lebanon US$1 billion to help the country in its conflict with self-declared jihadist fighters on the border with Syria. ](/news/2014/08/6/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabia-grants-lebanon-us-1-billion-to-help-the-country-in-its-conflict-with-self-declared-jihadist-fighters-on-the-b.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War:: At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/syrian-civil-war-at-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
