### [2013-07-15](/news/2013/07/15/index.md)

# Thein Sein, the President of Burma (Myanmar) visits the United Kingdom. 

Britain will offer Myanmar military training and official assistance to tackle its internal conflicts when President Thein Sein meets David Cameron in London on Monday.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph'' via the ''Brisbane Times](http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/world/britain-to-wade-into-myanmars-modernisation-20130715-2pyxf.html)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar's tightly controlled state newspapers call for a political amnesty indicating that reforms may soon be announced by President Thein Sein with the  National Human Rights Commission recommending the pardon of some 6000 plus "prisoners of conscience". ](/news/2011/10/11/myanmar-s-tightly-controlled-state-newspapers-call-for-a-political-amnesty-indicating-that-reforms-may-soon-be-announced-by-president-thein.md) _Context: Myanmar, President of Burma, Thein Sein_
2. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years.  Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-ht.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
3. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the  November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Myanmar, United Kingdom_
5. [Major political parties in Myanmar hold a meeting about the upcoming Burmese general election, 2015 which included Thein Sein's Union Solidarity and Development Party and Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy. ](/news/2014/10/31/major-political-parties-in-myanmar-hold-a-meeting-about-the-upcoming-burmese-general-election-2015-which-included-thein-sein-s-union-solida.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
6. [Myanmar's Thein Sein and the Philippines' Benigno Aquino III ink trade agreements including those that involve renewable energy, mass media, and visa-free travel.  ](/news/2013/12/5/myanmar-s-thein-sein-and-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-ink-trade-agreements-including-those-that-involve-renewable-energy-mass-media.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
7. [Myanmar state television announces that President Thein Sein will make the first official visit to the United States, the first by a leader of that country in nearly fifty years. ](/news/2013/05/13/myanmar-state-television-announces-that-president-thein-sein-will-make-the-first-official-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-leader.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
8. [President of Myanmar Thein Sein grants amnesty to 93 prisoners. Some prisoners are reported as prisoners of conscience and political prisoners. ](/news/2013/04/23/president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-grants-amnesty-to-93-prisoners-some-prisoners-are-reported-as-prisoners-of-conscience-and-political-prisone.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
9. [Kachin conflict:President Thein Sein of Myanmar orders the Myanmar Armed Forces to observe a ceasefire with Kachin rebels. ](/news/2013/01/18/kachin-conflict-ppresident-thein-sein-of-myanmar-orders-the-myanmar-armed-forces-to-observe-a-ceasefire-with-kachin-rebels.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thein Sein_
10. [Kachin conflict:President of Burma Thein Sein defends the army's response to the ethnic Kachin rebellion, despite a recent escalation of violence that has further dimmed peace prospects. ](/news/2013/01/13/kachin-conflict-ppresident-of-burma-thein-sein-defends-the-armyas-response-to-the-ethnic-kachin-rebellion-despite-a-recent-escalation-of.md) _Context: President of Burma, Thein Sein_
