### [2013-10-6](/news/2013/10/6/index.md)

# Human rights group Free Tibet and Radio Free Asia report that People's Liberation Army troops shot into a crowd in Biru County in the Tibet Autonomous Region injuring 60 people. 

At least 60 Tibetans were injured after Chinese police fired into a crowd of protesters, rights group Free Tibet and US-based Radio Free Asia report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-24442218)

### Related:

1. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
2. [Political reshuffle in China:. Wu Yingjie becomes the Communist Party Secretary of the Tibet Autonomous Region, replacing Chen Quanguo, who will assume another post.. Chen Hao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Yunnan, replacing Li Jiheng, who will assume another post.. Du Jiahao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Hunan, replacing Xu Shousheng. ](/news/2016/08/28/political-reshuffle-in-china-wu-yingjie-becomes-the-communist-party-secretary-of-the-tibet-autonomous-region-replacing-chen-quanguo-who.md) _Context: Tibet Autonomous Region_
3. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
4. [China-Pakistan relations. China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-pakistan-relations-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-china-pakistan-economic-cor.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
5. [Reform of the People's Liberation Army in China:. The Second Artillery Corps is re-organized into the People's Liberation Army Rocket Force.. The People's Liberation Army Strategic Support Force is founded, with Gao Jin as its inaugural commander and Liu Fulian as Political Commissar.. The Ground Force is re-organized under the People's Liberation Army Ground Force Command, under commander Li Zuocheng. ](/news/2016/01/5/reform-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-in-china-the-second-artillery-corps-is-re-organized-into-the-people-s-liberation-army-rocket-force.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
6. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability, countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocati.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
7. [2015 China's V-Day Parade. A military parade is held in Beijing featuring 12,000 members of the People's Liberation Army, 500 vehicles and 200 People's Liberation Army Air Force air craft. Women of the Chinese military are allowed to participate in this particular parade for the first time. ](/news/2015/09/3/2015-china-s-v-day-parade-a-military-parade-is-held-in-beijing-featuring-12-000-members-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-500-vehicles-and-2.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
8. [Cross-Strait relations. The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/cross-strait-relations-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
9. [China's People's Liberation Army conducts a series of military exercises simulating an attack on Taiwan's Presidential Office Building. ](/news/2015/07/23/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-conducts-a-series-of-military-exercises-simulating-an-attack-on-taiwan-s-presidential-office-building.md) _Context: People's Liberation Army_
10. [Xinjiang Conflict. A police checkpoint on the outskirts of Kashgar in Xinjiang is attacked by ethnic Uighurs, with at least 18 killed according to US-based Radio Free Asia. ](/news/2015/06/24/xinjiang-conflict-a-police-checkpoint-on-the-outskirts-of-kashgar-in-xinjiang-is-attacked-by-ethnic-uighurs-with-at-least-18-killed-accord.md) _Context: Radio Free Asia_
