### [2014-06-25](/news/2014/06/25/index.md)

# 2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki calls for national unity as a Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant reaches Yathrib 87 kilometres (54 miles) north of Baghdad. 

Embattled Iraqi prime minister seeks to shore up crumbling support for his government.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/maliki-calls-for-iraqi-unity-as-battle-rages-at-former-us-air-base/2014/06/25/77936361-80ab-4844-a37c-4c1462df631c_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, ISIL, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: Baghdad, ISIL_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 35 people are killed and 60 others injured in an attack on a Shiite mausoleum located in north of Baghdad. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-35-people-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-shiite-mausoleum-located-in-north-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, ISIL_
4. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): At least 24 people are killed in a series of attacks in and around Baghdad. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-24-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-attacks-in-and-around-baghdad-isil-has-claimed-responsibili.md) _Context: Baghdad, ISIL_
5. [2015-16 Iraqi protests: Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/2015-16-iraqi-protests-protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortifi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq Prime Minister_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): April 2016 Baghdad bombing: A car bombing in southeastern Baghdad kills at least 19 and injures nearly 50 Shi'ite pilgrims. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-april-2016-baghdad-bombing-a-car-bombing-in-southeastern-baghdad-kills-at-least-19-and-injures-nearly-50.md) _Context: Baghdad, ISIL_
7. [Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki withdraws both his candidacy and his complaint against President Fuad Masum for allegedly violating the Iraqi constitution. ](/news/2014/08/14/prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-withdraws-both-his-candidacy-and-his-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-allegedly-violating-the-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
8. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present): Iraq's embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that he will file a legal complaint against President Fuad Masum for opposing Maliki's reappointment. ](/news/2014/08/11/iraqi-insurgency-2011-present-iraq-s-embattled-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-says-that-he-will-file-a-legal-complaint-against-presiden.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
9. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal): Kurdish MPs withdraw from the central government following a dispute with the Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with Kurdish forces taking over control of two northern oil fields at Bai Hassan and Kirkuk. ](/news/2014/07/11/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-kurdish-mps-withdraw-from-the-central-government-following-a-dispute-with-the-prime-minister-nouri.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
10. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant capture the al-Walid (al-Tanf) border crossing with Syria and the Turaibil (Karameh) border crossing with Jordan. ](/news/2014/06/22/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-capture-the-al-walid-al-tanf-border-crossing-with-syria-and-the-turaibi.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, ISIL_
