### [2014-06-25](/news/2014/06/25/index.md)

# Both houses of the Romanian parliament widely adopt a joint statement urging Romania's president Traian Basescu to resign, following corruption scandals involving his arrested brother's graft case and one of his sons-in-law's implication in a criminal investigation. 




### Source:

1. [Europeonline-magazine](http://en.europeonline-magazine.eu/romanian-parliament-calls-president-to-resign-over-brothers-arrest_343000.html)

### Related:

1. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: Romania, assembly_
2. [Romanian President Traian Basescu denies any implication in his brother's graft case in which he is charged with receiving 250,000 euros in order to facilitate the release of a well-known incarcerated mobster. Hours after the president's press conference, his brother, Mircea, was arrested for 24h.](/news/2014/06/19/romanian-president-traian-basescu-denies-any-implication-in-his-brother-s-graft-case-in-which-he-is-charged-with-receiving-250-000-euros-in.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
3. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
4. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Romania, assembly_
5. [For the second time in history and with the same person, the Parliament of Romania votes to suspend President Traian Basescu from office. On 29 July 2012 he will face a national referendum for his dismissal. ](/news/2012/07/6/for-the-second-time-in-history-and-with-the-same-person-the-parliament-of-romania-votes-to-suspend-president-traian-basescu-from-office-o.md) _Context: Traian Băsescu, assembly_
6. [Romanian President Traian Basescu could survive the referendum on his impeachment that shows a massive vote against him but under 50% turnout.The Constitutional Court of Romania will give the final word on whether to validate the referendum later this week.](/news/2012/07/30/romanian-president-traian-basescu-could-survive-the-referendum-on-his-impeachment-that-shows-a-massive-vote-against-him-but-under-50-turno.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
7. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for an impeachment referendum against the President of Romania Traian Basescu. ](/news/2012/07/29/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-an-impeachment-referendum-against-the-president-of-romania-traian-basescu.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
8. [Violent protests occur in Bucharest, Romania, as two-day-old demonstrations continue against President Traian Basescu's economic austerity measures. Clashes are reported in numerous Romanian cities between protesters and law enforcement officers. ](/news/2012/01/14/violent-protests-occur-in-bucharest-romania-as-two-day-old-demonstrations-continue-against-president-traian-basescu-s-economic-austerity.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
9. [ President of Romania Traian Basescu nominates Emil Boc, President of the Democratic Liberal Party, as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/12/15/president-of-romania-traian-basescu-nominates-emil-boc-president-of-the-democratic-liberal-party-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Romania, Traian Băsescu_
10. [ Romania's Social Democratic Party wins the most votes in both houses of Parliament in the legislative election. ](/news/2008/11/30/romania-s-social-democratic-party-wins-the-most-votes-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-the-legislative-election.md) _Context: Romania, assembly_
