
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/31/private-messages-between-former-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-and-antoni-coman-the-exiled-regional-minister.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/31/private-messages-between-former-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-and-antoni-coman-the-exiled-regional-minister.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/31/private-messages-between-former-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-and-antoni-coman-the-exiled-regional-minister.xml)  

### [2018-01-31](/news/2018/01/31/index.md)

##### 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis
# Private messages between former President of the Generalitat of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont and Antoni Comin, the exiled regional minister of Health, come to light, in which the former President confesses that the secession procedure "is over", opening, once again, tensions between the pro-independence political parties and more confusion about the future of Catalonia. 

Ousted president’s private messages caught on TV cameras reveal admission of defeat


### Sources:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/jan/31/this-is-over-puigdemonts-catalan-independence-doubts-caught-on-camera)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/5375012a6f86f60584c83a9060652c7dd82e5147/4_129_4888_2932/master/4888.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxOC8wMS8zMS9mYWNlYm9va19kZWZhdWx0LnBuZw&amp;s=834f0bc8129660474ba5ec4c94d2e4a7)

### Related:

1. [The Speaker of the Catalan Parliament, Roger Torrent, proposes Jordi Sanchez i Picanyol as a candidate for President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, but he has been preventively jailed since 16 October 2017, accused of sedition. This happens after Carles Puigdemont resigns as a possible candidate, who, if elected, would have been a symbolic president with a symbolic government in Brussels. The candidacy of Sanchez also reportedly lacks one seat for a majority. ](/news/2018/03/5/the-speaker-of-the-catalan-parliament-roger-torrent-proposes-jordi-sa-nchez-i-picanyol-as-a-candidate-for-president-of-the-generalitat-of.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
2. [Carles Puigdemont, ex-President of Catalonia, travels to Denmark while Spanish Attorney General requests the European Arrest Warrant. The Speaker of the Catalan Parliament appoints Puigdemont to be invested as President. Spain's Supreme Court refuses to reactivate the arrest warrant. ](/news/2018/01/22/carles-puigdemont-ex-president-of-catalonia-travels-to-denmark-while-spanish-attorney-general-requests-the-european-arrest-warrant-the-sp.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
3. [The Parliament of Catalonia opens the new legislature. Roger Torrent (ERC) is named Speaker. Three parliamentarians in jail vote through proxies, the five parlementarians in exile in Belgium do not. Carles Puigdemont (PDeCAT, JuntsxCat), through his spokesman, considers it "perfectly plausible" for him to be president remotely. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy says that he will not restore Catalonia's autonomous powers if the regional parliament permits Puigdemont to lead the government from exile. ](/news/2018/01/17/the-parliament-of-catalonia-opens-the-new-legislature-roger-torrent-erc-is-named-speaker-three-parliamentarians-in-jail-vote-through-pro.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
4. [The Speaker of the Parliament of Catalonia delays the session of investiture of Carles Puigdemont after the suspension by the Constitutional Court of the telematic investiture. Roger Torrent insists that Puigdemont is the only candidate, disobeying the decision of the high court. ](/news/2018/01/30/the-speaker-of-the-parliament-of-catalonia-delays-the-session-of-investiture-of-carles-puigdemont-after-the-suspension-by-the-constitutional.md) _Context: 2017-18 Spanish constitutional crisis, Carles Puigdemont_
5. [President of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont gives a speech regarding independence from Spain where he proposes to suspend the effect of the independence declaration in order to hold talks with Madrid. ](/news/2017/10/10/president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-gives-a-speech-regarding-independence-from-spain-where-he-proposes-to-suspend-the-effect-of-the-ind.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia_
