### [2009-03-10](/news/2009/03/10/index.md)

#  Northern Ireland's Police Service arrests two men in Craigavon for murdering an officer. 

Two man have been arrested amid widespread condemnation of the murder of a policeman in Northern Ireland.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/03/11/2512664.htm)

### Related:

1. [ A Police Service officer is killed in Craigavon, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. ](/news/2009/03/9/a-police-service-officer-is-killed-in-craigavon-county-armagh-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Craigavon, Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland, police officer_
2. [Police Service of Northern Ireland received a phone call in the early hours allegedly from a dissident republican group claiming to have planted an explosive in a Curryneirin neighborhood outside Derry, Northern Ireland. Police evacuated 12 homes before finding a device, describing it as "'It's a bomb and designed to kill".](/news/2015/02/17/police-service-of-northern-ireland-received-a-phone-call-in-the-early-hours-allegedly-from-a-dissident-republican-group-claiming-to-have-pla.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
3. [Three Northern Ireland police officers are injured after a bomb is thrown at them while investigating a robbery in West Belfast. ](/news/2010/11/6/three-northern-ireland-police-officers-are-injured-after-a-bomb-is-thrown-at-them-while-investigating-a-robbery-in-west-belfast.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
4. [ A 400lb bomb partially explodes outside the headquarters of the Policing Board in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In another incident, three men are arrested after a shooting incident involving PSNI officers in the border village of Garrison, County Fermanagh. ](/news/2009/11/22/a-400lb-bomb-partially-explodes-outside-the-headquarters-of-the-policing-board-in-belfast-northern-ireland-in-another-incident-three-men.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
5. [ Operation Banner, the deployment of British Army soldiers in Northern Ireland to support the Police Service of Northern Ireland, ends at midnight marking the conclusion of the Northern Ireland peace process. Operation Banner  has been the longest British Army operation in history, lasting 38 years. ](/news/2007/07/31/operation-banner-the-deployment-of-british-army-soldiers-in-northern-ireland-to-support-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-ends-at-mi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
6. [ Northern Bank robbery investigation: Police in Northern Ireland recover an undisclosed sum of money at a sports and social club in Belfast. It is thought to perhaps be a diversion, but it is being investigated. ](/news/2005/02/18/northern-bank-robbery-investigation-p-police-in-northern-ireland-recover-an-undisclosed-sum-of-money-at-a-sports-and-social-club-in-belfast.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
7. [ Northern Ireland police Chief Constable Hugh Orde publicly accuses the Provisional IRA of the largest bank robbery in U.K. history, now assessed at PS26.5 million. The money was taken from the Northern Bank in Belfast on December 20. ](/news/2005/01/7/northern-ireland-police-chief-constable-hugh-orde-publicly-accuses-the-provisional-ira-of-the-largest-bank-robbery-in-u-k-history-now-ass.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
8. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
