### [2009-03-10](/news/2009/03/10/index.md)

#  The Employee Free Choice Act is introduced into the U.S. Congress. 

Supporters of the bill say it is not clear the measure that would make unionization easier had enough support to overcome a Republican filibuster.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/11/business/11labor.html?ref=business)

### Related:

1. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-ameri.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
2. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
3. [Russia bans 13 Americans including Congressman Jim Moran, Rear Adm. Richard Butler and Lynndie England in response to the United States banning Russians for human rights abuses. ](/news/2014/07/19/russia-bans-13-americans-including-congressman-jim-moran-rear-adm-richard-butler-and-lynndie-england-in-response-to-the-united-states-bann.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
4. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:. U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
5. [A White House spokesperson says that a Presidential executive order is being considered to ensure the United States' cybersecurity if Congress remains deadlocked over a "CISPA" law. ](/news/2012/09/11/a-white-house-spokesperson-says-that-a-presidential-executive-order-is-being-considered-to-ensure-the-united-states-cybersecurity-if-congre.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
6. [The United States Congress votes to restore higher tariffs against the People's Republic of China and other nations that allegedly subsidize exports to the United States. ](/news/2012/03/6/the-united-states-congress-votes-to-restore-higher-tariffs-against-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-other-nations-that-allegedly-subsidize.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
7. [The United States Congress votes to pass legislation allowing for greater use of drone aircraft in the United States. ](/news/2012/02/7/the-united-states-congress-votes-to-pass-legislation-allowing-for-greater-use-of-drone-aircraft-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
8. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-gives-an-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-emphasizing-the-importance-o.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
9. [ American politician William J. Jefferson, former Democratic Party Congressman from the U.S. state of Louisiana, is sentenced to 13 years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2009/11/13/american-politician-william-j-jefferson-former-democratic-party-congressman-from-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-is-sentenced-to-13-years-in.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
10. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: United States, United States Congress_
