### [2013-12-19](/news/2013/12/19/index.md)

# In an interview with Barbara Walters, Hillary Clinton says she is "unsure" if she is going to run in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hillary-clinton-2016-presidential-run-make-decision-year/story?id=21267459)

### Related:

1. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
3. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-at-washington-university-in-st.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
6. [Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for the third presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. election at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. ](/news/2016/10/19/hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-meet-for-the-third-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-election-at-the-university-of-nevada-las-vegas.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
7. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
8. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
9. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
