### [2013-12-19](/news/2013/12/19/index.md)

# Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/fewer-journalist-killings-but-more-abductions-says-reporters-without-borders/a-17305244)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Somalia, Syria_
3. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Somalia, Syria_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, People's Republic of China_
5. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria,  with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a  political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups  and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spe.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
7. [Turkey's national security council adds Israeli activity in the Middle East, "online terror" and global warming to a document listing potential threats, while removing Armenia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Iran and Syria from the same list. The document also calls for a Middle East without nuclear weapons. ](/news/2010/10/30/turkey-s-national-security-council-adds-israeli-activity-in-the-middle-east-online-terror-and-global-warming-to-a-document-listing-potent.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
8. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: India, Iran, Pakistan_
9. [A Turkish ship is hijacked by Somali pirates more than 1,000 miles away from the coast of Somalia and closer to India. ](/news/2010/03/23/a-turkish-ship-is-hijacked-by-somali-pirates-more-than-1-000-miles-away-from-the-coast-of-somalia-and-closer-to-india.md) _Context: India, Somalia, Turkey_
10. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Philippines_
