### [2013-12-19](/news/2013/12/19/index.md)

# Target Corporation and the United States Secret Service say that more than 40 million credit and debit cards used in Target stores may have been compromised due to a data breach. 

The Secret Service is investigating a reported credit card data breach at discount retailer Target.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2013/12/18/news/companies/target-credit-card/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [Blackmarket sales begin of credit and debit card data which was compromised due to a Target Corporation data breach. ](/news/2013/12/22/blackmarket-sales-begin-of-credit-and-debit-card-data-which-was-compromised-due-to-a-target-corporation-data-breach.md) _Context: Target Corporation, data breach, debit, payment cards_
2. [ A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-being-rushed-off-stage-by-united-states-secret-service-agents-at-a-camp.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
3. [A United States Secret Service officer shoots an armed man on a street near the White House after the man allegedly approached the officer and refused to drop his weapon. The White House is locked down. ](/news/2016/05/20/a-united-states-secret-service-officer-shoots-an-armed-man-on-a-street-near-the-white-house-after-the-man-allegedly-approached-the-officer-a.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
4. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
5. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
6. [A protestor attempts to storm the stage as Donald Trump was talking at a rally in Dayton, Ohio, causing Secret Service agents to jump on the stage and form a wall around the presidential candidate amid the chaos. The suspect was identified as Thomas Dimassimo, 32, and was charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic, according to Chief Mike Etter of the Dayton Police Department. Dimassimo is a Black Lives Matter activist. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-protestor-attempts-to-storm-the-stage-as-donald-trump-was-talking-at-a-rally-in-dayton-ohio-causing-secret-service-agents-to-jump-on-the.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
7. [A Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia report reveals that an agent with the Presidential Protective Service of the United States Secret Service had his weapon, shield, and other professional equipage stolen from his vehicle in broad daylight in downtown Washington, D.C. ](/news/2015/12/23/a-metropolitan-police-department-of-the-district-of-columbia-report-reveals-that-an-agent-with-the-presidential-protective-service-of-the-un.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
8. [Drugstore operator CVS Health agrees to buy Target Corporation's pharmacy and clinic businesses for $1.9 billion. ](/news/2015/06/15/drugstore-operator-cvs-health-agrees-to-buy-target-corporation-s-pharmacy-and-clinic-businesses-for-1-9-billion.md) _Context: Target Corporation_
9. [The US Secret Service locks down the White House after a loud noise (later revealed to be a burned-out souvenir truck) is heard on the South Lawn, moments before U.S. President Barack Obama and his family were due to take off by helicopter. He and his family were not yet on the South Lawn when the noise was heard. ](/news/2015/03/7/the-us-secret-service-locks-down-the-white-house-after-a-loud-noise-later-revealed-to-be-a-burned-out-souvenir-truck-is-heard-on-the-south.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
10. [Target Corporation, a major U.S. retail chain, announces cuts that will mean the loss of thousands of jobs, part of a revival plan adopted by CEO Brian Cornell. ](/news/2015/03/3/target-corporation-a-major-u-s-retail-chain-announces-cuts-that-will-mean-the-loss-of-thousands-of-jobs-part-of-a-revival-plan-adopted-b.md) _Context: Target Corporation_
