### [2005-12-4](/news/2005/12/4/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq:. Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)]. Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)




### Related:

1. [ Sectarian violence in Iraq: A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'ite Muslim shrine near the holy city of Najaf in Iraq, killing at least seven people. ](/news/2006/07/6/sectarian-violence-in-iraq-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-ite-muslim-shrine-near-the-holy-city-of-najaf-in-iraq-killing-at-least-seven.md) _Context: Iraq, Najaf, Shi'ite_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: Seven U.K. troops accused of murdering an Iraqi civilian have had their cases dropped after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence against the soldiers and that the Iraqi witnesses lied. ](/news/2005/11/3/conflict-in-iraq-seven-u-k-troops-accused-of-murdering-an-iraqi-civilian-have-had-their-cases-dropped-after-a-judge-ruled-that-there-was.md) _Context: Britain, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq:. Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)]. Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer]. The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)]. An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)]. Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)]. The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc.md) _Context: Britain, Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Iyad Allawi_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iyad Allawi, the interim Prime Minister of Iraq has admitted parts of the country will not be voting in this month's election. ](/news/2005/01/12/conflict-in-iraq-iyad-allawi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-iraq-has-admitted-parts-of-the-country-will-not-be-voting-in-this-month-s-elec.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Iyad Allawi_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
7. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic-s borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Britain, Muslim_
8. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
9. [The United Kingdom raises its terror threat level from "substantial" to "severe" in response to conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/29/the-united-kingdom-raises-its-terror-threat-level-from-substantial-to-severe-in-response-to-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
10. [Post-Iraq War:. The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-the-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraq.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
