### [2005-12-4](/news/2005/12/4/index.md)

#  Former Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Fraser calls for a worldwide ban on capital punishment. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5744,17460986%5E2702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: death penalty_
2. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats;  mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor  opposition leader  Bill Shorten has the minimum number of  Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-n.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that French company DCNS has been awarded a $50 billion contract to build a new fleet of submarines for the Royal Australian Navy with the subs to be built in Adelaide. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-french-company-dcns-has-been-awarded-a-50-billion-contract-to-build-a-new-f.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
9. [Pope Francis calls for a worldwide ban on the death penalty and urges Christian leaders to work to stop executions as part of the church's Holy Year of Mercy. ](/news/2016/02/21/pope-francis-calls-for-a-worldwide-ban-on-the-death-penalty-and-urges-christian-leaders-to-work-to-stop-executions-as-part-of-the-church-s-h.md) _Context: death penalty_
10. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia_
