### [2000-12-27](/news/2000/12/27/index.md)

# The December 2000 nor'easter is formed, beginning as an Alberta clipper, affecting, specially, Northern New Jersey and Eastern New York.




### Related:

1. [The December 2000 nor'easter is dissipated. The storm affected, specially, New Jersey and New York.](/news/2000/12/31/the-december-2000-nor-easter-is-dissipated-the-storm-affected-specially-new-jersey-and-new-york.md) _Context: December 2000 nor'easter, New Jersey, New York State_
2. [January 2015 nor'easter: The blizzard begins as an ongoing winter storm across the Central and Eastern United States. States of New Jersey through New York and New England enact blizzard warnings. ](/news/2015/01/26/january-2015-nor-easter-the-blizzard-begins-as-an-ongoing-winter-storm-across-the-central-and-eastern-united-states-states-of-new-jersey-t.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State_
3. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State_
4. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:: The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State_
5. [ A New Jersey company is accused of harvesting body parts from New York funeral homes for transplants. An estimated 12,000 people received the body parts. ](/news/2006/02/25/a-new-jersey-company-is-accused-of-harvesting-body-parts-from-new-york-funeral-homes-for-transplants-an-estimated-12-000-people-received-t.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State_
6. [Economy of the United States: New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: New York State_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [Politics of New Jersey: Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-new-jersey-amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
9. [New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2017: American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/new-jersey-gubernatorial-election-2017-american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumben.md) _Context: New Jersey_
10. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: New Jersey_
