### [2015-07-24](/news/2015/07/24/index.md)

# Greece has formally requested a new bailout loan from the International Monetary Fund. 

Greek officials have invited the International Monetary Fund to join talks with EU creditors on a third bailout for the indebted country. The Athens government aims to complete the deal before its next payment in August.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/greece-asks-imf-for-new-loan/a-18606708)

### Related:

1. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
2. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
3. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
5. [ Greek government-debt crisis timeline  A majority in the Greek parliament votes to approve a second bailout reform package. ](/news/2015/07/23/greek-government-debt-crisis-timeline-p-a-majority-in-the-greek-parliament-votes-to-approve-a-second-bailout-reform-package.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis timeline, bailout_
6. [Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund  in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year-history-of-the-imf-unwinding.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
7. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
9. [The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says it underestimated the damage austerity would do to Greece. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-international-monetary-fund-imf-says-it-underestimated-the-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece.md) _Context: Greece, International Monetary Fund_
10. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, bailout_
