### [2015-07-24](/news/2015/07/24/index.md)

# Turkish warplanes strike ISIS positions in northern Syria following an exchange of gunfire on the Turkish-Syrian border which left one Turkish soldier dead. The airstrikes are said to have killed as many as 35 ISIS militants. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/turkey-says-jets-strike-targets-syria-050147139.html)

### Related:

1. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: ISIL, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
2. [Turkey scrambles fighter jets and Turkish tanks open fire on ISIS positions along the Syrian border following an exchange of fire which left one Turkish soldier dead and two injured. The clashes are the first direct combat between the Turkish military and ISIS forces. There are multiple reports of Turkish ground forces crossing the official border into Syria. ](/news/2015/07/23/turkey-scrambles-fighter-jets-and-turkish-tanks-open-fire-on-isis-positions-along-the-syrian-border-following-an-exchange-of-fire-which-left.md) _Context: ISIL, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
3. [The Turkish military is reportedly preparing for an imminent invasion of northern Syria following a National Security Council meeting. The aim is to establish a buffer zone for refugees and drive back Islamic State militants. The Kurdish militia group YPG have said they will oppose any Turkish intervention in Syria. Turkey has for decades fought against Kurdish separatist movements such as the PKK ](/news/2015/06/29/the-turkish-military-is-reportedly-preparing-for-an-imminent-invasion-of-northern-syria-following-a-national-security-council-meeting-the-a.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Turkish involvement in the Syrian Civil War_
4. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
5. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
6. [The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent-bombings-in-baghdad.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
7. [ The Russian Defence Ministry says six Russian bombers  hit ISIL positions in Syria's Deir ez-Zor Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-russian-defence-ministry-says-six-russian-bombers-hit-isil-positions-in-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-governorate.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
9. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
10. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
