### [2015-07-24](/news/2015/07/24/index.md)

# Zhou Benshun, the Communist Party chief of China's Hebei province, is detained for investigation by the party's anti-graft body. He is first incumbent provincial leader to be investigated since the anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. 

Zhou Benshun, the head of a major Chinese province and a former aide to disgraced official Zhou Yongkang, has been placed under investigation.


### Source:

1. [WSJ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/chinas-antigraft-spotlight-turns-on-head-of-hebei-province-1437813539)
1. [Cover Image](https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JO123_cgraft_TOP_20150725040742.jpg)

### Related:

1. [China detains Jing Chunhua, a senior official from Hebei province of China, for investigation by the Communist Party's anti-graft agency for violating party discipline and breaking the law. Jing is the second provincial-ranked official from Hebei province to undergo investigation since the wider anti-corruption campaign began in 2013. ](/news/2015/03/3/china-detains-jing-chunhua-a-senior-official-from-hebei-province-of-china-for-investigation-by-the-communist-party-s-anti-graft-agency-for.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Hebei_
2. [Sun Zhengcai is expelled from the Communist Party of China after the results into the internal disciplinary investigation are announced by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2017/09/29/sun-zhengcai-is-expelled-from-the-communist-party-of-china-after-the-results-into-the-internal-disciplinary-investigation-are-announced-by-t.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
3. [The Chinese Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces that current Politburo member Sun Zhengcai is under investigation for violating party discipline. Sun is the fourth sitting Politburo member since 1990 to fall from power. ](/news/2017/07/24/the-chinese-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-that-current-politburo-member-sun-zhengcai-is-under-investigation-for-vio.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
4. [In China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection places under investigation Tianjin mayor Huang Xingguo, who is also serving as acting Communist Party Secretary. ](/news/2016/09/11/in-china-the-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-places-under-investigation-tianjin-mayor-huang-xingguo-who-is-also-serving-as-ac.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
5. [Floods kill at least 154 in China and 300,000 people are being evacuated in Hebei province. Villagers have accused local officials of covering up the extent of the damage. ](/news/2016/07/23/floods-kill-at-least-154-in-china-and-300-000-people-are-being-evacuated-in-hebei-province-villagers-have-accused-local-officials-of-coveri.md) _Context: Hebei_
6. [The former party chief of Liaoning and Jilin provinces, Wang Min, is placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-former-party-chief-of-liaoning-and-jilin-provinces-wang-min-is-placed-under-investigation-by-the-central-commission-for-discipline-ins.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
7. [Wei Hong, Governor of Sichuan province, is announced to be under investigation for "breaching discipline" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/01/15/wei-hong-governor-of-sichuan-province-is-announced-to-be-under-investigation-for-breaching-discipline-by-the-central-commission-for-disc.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
8. [ Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen and Shanghai vice mayor Ai Baojun are placed under investigation by the top anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2015/11/11/beijing-deputy-communist-party-secretary-la1-4-xiwen-and-shanghai-vice-mayor-ai-baojun-are-placed-under-investigation-by-the-top-anti-graft-b.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
9. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
10. [At least four people are killed (including the gunman) and five people injured in a shooting incident in China's northern Hebei province. ](/news/2015/06/9/at-least-four-people-are-killed-including-the-gunman-and-five-people-injured-in-a-shooting-incident-in-china-s-northern-hebei-province.md) _Context: Hebei_
