### [2013-12-20](/news/2013/12/20/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip 

One Palestinian was killed and four wounded by IDF fire in several incidents on the Gaza border on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.564618)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The dismembered corpse of a Palestinian fighter killed by Israeli gunfire in the Gaza Strip is recovered. ](/news/2010/04/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-dismembered-corpse-of-a-palestinian-fighter-killed-by-israeli-gunfire-in-the-gaza-strip-is-recovered.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Gaza-Israel conflict: A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Committee on the Rights of the Child accuses Israeli soldiers of torturing Palestinian children and using them as human shields. ](/news/2013/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-committee-on-the-rights-of-the-child-accuses-israeli-soldiers-of-torturing-palestinian-children-and-usin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
