### [2013-12-20](/news/2013/12/20/index.md)

# Same-sex marriage becomes legal in the U.S. state of Utah, and gay couples begin receiving marriage licenses, after a federal judge strikes down a provision of the Utah Constitution. 




### Source:

1. [Deseret News](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865592784/Federal-judge-rules-Utahs-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-unconstitutional.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
2. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
3. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the  Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
4. [United States Attorney General Eric Holder says that same-sex marriages conducted in Utah are recognized as legal under federal law. The state of Utah however, does not recognize the marriages under state laws. ](/news/2014/01/11/united-states-attorney-general-eric-holder-says-that-same-sex-marriages-conducted-in-utah-are-recognized-as-legal-under-federal-law-the-sta.md) _Context: Utah, same-sex marriages_
5. [Three people are killed in a drug-related shooting in a house in Midvale, Utah, United States. ](/news/2013/02/12/three-people-are-killed-in-a-drug-related-shooting-in-a-house-in-midvale-utah-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
6. [An autopsy finds that the death of United States actor Gary Coleman in Salt Lake City, Utah was an accident. ](/news/2010/10/6/an-autopsy-finds-that-the-death-of-united-states-actor-gary-coleman-in-salt-lake-city-utah-was-an-accident.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
7. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: United States_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: United States_
10. [China-Finland relations Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/chinaafinland-relations-pchinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
