### [2005-07-23](/news/2005/07/23/index.md)

#  Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) introduces a Congressional Resolution of Inquiry which, if passed, will require the White House and the U.S. State Department to "transmit all information relating to communication with officials of the United Kingdom between January 1, 2002, and October 16, 2002, relating to the policy of the United States with respect to Iraq." (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: White House_
2. [North Korea-United States relations. The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-ot.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-ele.md) _Context: White House_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease.md) _Context: White House_
5. [Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination. President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court-nomination-president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-hous.md) _Context: White House_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump appoints businessman and son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior advisor in the White House. ](/news/2017/01/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-appoints-businessman-and-son-in-law-jared-kushner-as-his-senior-adviso.md) _Context: White House_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: White House_
8. [Wikileaks reveals that Ariana Grande was prevented from perfoming in the White House because of the July 2015 donut-licking incident. ](/news/2016/07/23/wikileaks-reveals-that-ariana-grande-was-prevented-from-perfoming-in-the-white-house-because-of-the-july-2015-donut-licking-incident.md) _Context: White House_
9. [A United States Secret Service officer shoots an armed man on a street near the White House after the man allegedly approached the officer and refused to drop his weapon. The White House is locked down. ](/news/2016/05/20/a-united-states-secret-service-officer-shoots-an-armed-man-on-a-street-near-the-white-house-after-the-man-allegedly-approached-the-officer-a.md) _Context: White House_
10. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: White House_
