### [2010-10-30](/news/2010/10/30/index.md)

# An estimated 200,000 people attend the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear by political satirists Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. 

Gathering in Washington called attempt to inject humour and tone down partisan division.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/video/americas/2010/10/20101030152030884959.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE69T1IX20101030)
3. [Toronto Sun](http://www.torontosun.com/news/world/2010/10/30/15890551.html)

### Related:

1. [A man sets himself on fire at the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Though he was breathing, conscious, and talking when airlifted, he died later that night at MedStar Washington Hospital Center due to the extensive severe gas burns to his face and arms. A motive was unclear. ](/news/2013/10/4/a-man-sets-himself-on-fire-at-the-national-mall-in-washington-d-c-though-he-was-breathing-conscious-and-talking-when-airlifted-he-died.md) _Context: National Mall, Washington, D.C._
2. [A large gathering of people attend Glenn Beck's "Restoring Honor" rally at the National Mall in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/08/28/a-large-gathering-of-people-attend-glenn-beck-s-restoring-honor-rally-at-the-national-mall-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: National Mall, Washington, D.C._
3. [Tens of thousands of people gather on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States to support President Barack Obama in his bid to overhaul the country's immigration laws. ](/news/2010/03/21/tens-of-thousands-of-people-gather-on-the-national-mall-in-washington-d-c-united-states-to-support-president-barack-obama-in-his-bid-to-o.md) _Context: National Mall, Washington, D.C._
4. [ Iraq War troop surge of 2007: Tens of thousands of people protest at Washington D.C.'s National Mall demanding the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq. ](/news/2007/01/27/iraq-war-troop-surge-of-2007-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-at-washington-d-c-s-national-mall-demanding-the-withdrawal-of-u-s-troop.md) _Context: National Mall, Washington, D.C._
5. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
6. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
7. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for  green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with  44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-cheating-program-the-breakdown.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
10. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
