### [2010-10-30](/news/2010/10/30/index.md)

# Harriet Harman, the deputy leader of the British Labour Party, issues an apology for branding Danny Alexander, a member of the British Government, a "ginger rodent". Mr Alexander tweets in response: "I am proud to be ginger and rodents do valuable work cleaning up mess others leave behind". 




### Source:

1. [Press Association via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2010/oct/30/harman-apologises-calling-alexander-ginger-rodent)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Ginger-Rodent-Attack-On-Danny-Alexander-Harriet-Harman-Apologises-For-Speech-In-Scotland/Article/201010415787228?lpos=Politics_Top_Stories_Header_4&lid=ARTICLE_15787228_Ginger_Rodent_Attack_On_Danny_Alexander%3A_Harriet_Harman_Apologises_For_Speech_In_Scotland)

### Related:

1. [ Leader of the House of Commons Harriet Harman becomes the first Labour woman ever to answer Prime Minister's Questions. ](/news/2008/04/2/leader-of-the-house-of-commons-harriet-harman-becomes-the-first-labour-woman-ever-to-answer-prime-minister-s-questions.md) _Context: Harriet Harman, Labour_
2. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Harriet Harman, Labour_
3. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Labour_
4. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn criticises British Prime Minister Theresa May for being complicit with U.S. President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/12/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-criticises-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-for-being-complicit-with-u-s-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Labour_
5. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
6. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Labour_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour_
8. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Labour_
9. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Labour_
