### [2010-10-30](/news/2010/10/30/index.md)

# The prime ministers of China and Japan meet in Vietnam amid a diplomatic disagreement, with Hillary Clinton of the United States wading into the dispute during a speech. 

Vietnam hosts leaders including US secretary of state for crucial talks amid diplomatic row between Asian giants.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/10/2010103053356791681.html)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-opposition-research-against-hillary-clinton-through-a-june.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
2. [At least 11 people are dead after a bus and truck collide in Vietnam's Gia Lai province. ](/news/2017/05/7/at-least-11-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-and-truck-collide-in-vietnam-s-gia-lai-province.md) _Context: Vietnam_
3. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-po.md) _Context: Vietnam_
4. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
5. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were  involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Vietnam_
6. [Gunmen attack a Vietnamese vessel near Tawi-Tawi, Philippines, killing at least one sailor and abducting seven others, according to the Philippine Coast Guard. Abu Sayyaf militants are suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/02/20/gunmen-attack-a-vietnamese-vessel-near-tawi-tawi-philippines-killing-at-least-one-sailor-and-abducting-seven-others-according-to-the-phil.md) _Context: Vietnam_
7. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [Floods caused by heavy rain over the past week has caused at least 13 deaths in central Vietnam with more heavy rain forecast. ](/news/2016/12/4/floods-caused-by-heavy-rain-over-the-past-week-has-caused-at-least-13-deaths-in-central-vietnam-with-more-heavy-rain-forecast.md) _Context: Vietnam_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
