### [2010-10-30](/news/2010/10/30/index.md)

# Turkey's national security council adds Israeli activity in the Middle East, "online terror" and global warming to a document listing potential threats, while removing Armenia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Iran and Syria from the same list. The document also calls for a Middle East without nuclear weapons. 

Turkey&#39;s national security council removes Iran, Syria from list of threats to state, adds Israel, local media reported. Document says Israeli actions may prompt Middle East arms race


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3976899,00.html)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
2. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
3. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing. An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War peace process. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
6. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Turkey_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Turkey_
8. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Turkey_
9. [Turkey's Foreign Ministry summons Israel's ambassador after the Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak accuses the new head of Turkish intelligence of being a "friend of Iran". ](/news/2010/08/3/turkey-s-foreign-ministry-summons-israel-s-ambassador-after-the-israeli-defence-minister-ehud-barak-accuses-the-new-head-of-turkish-intellig.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Turkey_
10. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Syria_
