### [2010-04-24](/news/2010/04/24/index.md)

# Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva of Thailand rejects protester demands to dissolve the Parliament within 30 days. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Thailand-Prime-Minister-Refuses-Red-Shirts-Proposal-To-Dissolve-Parliament-Within-30-Days/Article/201004415619024?lpos=World_News_First_Home_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15619024_Thailand%3A_Prime_Minister_Refuses_Red_Shirts_Proposal_To_Dissolve_Parliament_Within_30_Days)

### Related:

1. [2013 Thai protests:. As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-as-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-co.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister, Thailand_
2. [Thai general election:. Abhisit Vejjajiva, the outgoing Prime Minister of Thailand, resigns as the leader of the Democrat Party following a heavy defeat in yesterday's general election. ](/news/2011/07/4/thai-general-election-abhisit-vejjajiva-the-outgoing-prime-minister-of-thailand-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-democrat-party-following-a.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister, Thailand_
3. [Thailand's Election Commission fails to endorse 142 prospective members of the House of Representatives including incoming Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and outgoing Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva. ](/news/2011/07/13/thailand-s-election-commission-fails-to-endorse-142-prospective-members-of-the-house-of-representatives-including-incoming-prime-minister-yi.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister, Thailand_
4. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and nine cabinet ministers survive a no-confidence vote brought about by the opposition. ](/news/2011/03/19/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-and-nine-cabinet-ministers-survive-a-no-confidence-vote-brought-about-by-the-opposition.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister, Thailand_
5. [Thailand's Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva and anti-government "Red Shirt" protesters reach a qualified agreement to hold general elections in November, but questions over the dissolution of parliament prevent an end to the two-month standoff in central Bangkok. ](/news/2010/05/4/thailand-s-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-and-anti-government-red-shirt-protesters-reach-a-qualified-agreement-to-hold-general-elections.md) _Context: 2010 Thai political protests, Abhisit Vejjajiva, Thailand_
6. [Thailand's Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva lifts a curfew imposed in the wake of deadly anti-government protests but keeps emergency rule after two months of rallies by "Red Shirt" demonstrators paralyzed Bangkok and left almost 90 people dead. ](/news/2010/05/30/thailand-s-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-lifts-a-curfew-imposed-in-the-wake-of-deadly-anti-government-protests-but-keeps-emergency-rule-a.md) _Context: 2010 Thai political protests, Abhisit Vejjajiva, Thailand_
7. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva lifts a curfew in the capital Bangkok and 23 provinces in the aftermath of protests but a state of emergency would remain. ](/news/2010/05/29/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-lifts-a-curfew-in-the-capital-bangkok-and-23-provinces-in-the-aftermath-of-protests-but-a-state-of-eme.md) _Context: 2010 Thai political protests, Abhisit Vejjajiva, Thailand_
8. [A court in Thailand issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on charges of terrorism, following a report by the Thai Department of Special Investigations, which concluded that he had financed Red Shirt protesters and had helped them smuggle in weapons and fighters from Cambodia, during the 2010 political crisis. ](/news/2010/05/25/a-court-in-thailand-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-on-charges-of-terrorism-following-a-report-by-the.md) _Context: 2010 Thai political protests, Prime Minister, Thailand_
9. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva says his government is preparing to take back Bangkok and end the seven-week-long protests. ](/news/2010/05/2/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-says-his-government-is-preparing-to-take-back-bangkok-and-end-the-seven-week-long-protests.md) _Context: 2010 Thai political protests, Abhisit Vejjajiva, Thailand_
10. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva meets with leaders of the National United Front of Democracy Against Dictatorship on live television to help bring about an end to the political crisis in the country. ](/news/2010/03/28/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-meets-with-leaders-of-the-national-united-front-of-democracy-against-dictatorship-on-live-television-t.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister, Thailand_
