### [2009-07-4](/news/2009/07/4/index.md)

#  North Korea test fires seven more missiles into the Sea of Japan. 

North Korea launched seven ballistic missiles on Saturday morning, further escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula and exposing the outlaw regime to the threat of more UN sanctions.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/5741600/North-Korea-marks-July-4-with-missile-tests.html)
2. [The Korea Times](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2009/07/113_47917.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-07/04/content_11652099.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Japanese sources tell the Kyodo news agency that North Korea has test-fired several missiles towards the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2007/05/25/japanese-sources-tell-the-kyodo-news-agency-that-north-korea-has-test-fired-several-missiles-towards-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, fires seven more missiles, the sea_
2. [2017 North Korea crisis: The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-easte.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has launched several short range missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-launched-several-short-range-missiles-into-the-sea-of-j.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
