### [2005-09-3](/news/2005/09/3/index.md)

#  The Japan Meteorological Agency announces Category 5 Typhoon Nabi is set to hit Okinawa and the Ryukyu Islands and possibly Kyushu on Monday. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200509/s1452378.htm (ABC)]'''




### Related:

1. [ Typhoon Nabi (Category 3) reaches the Japanese coasts. It will make landfall today, and is expected to take 3 days to cross the island of Kyushu. ](/news/2005/09/5/typhoon-nabi-category-3-reaches-the-japanese-coasts-it-will-make-landfall-today-and-is-expected-to-take-3-days-to-cross-the-island-of-k.md) _Context: Kyushu, Typhoon Nabi_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees  to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work  carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work-to-expand-the-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-abe-says-his-government-will.md) _Context: Okinawa Island_
3. [Japan's Sakurajima volcano erupts prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a warning not to approach it. The volcano, located in the southern Kagoshima Prefecture, is situated 50km from the Sendai Nuclear Power Plant. ](/news/2016/02/5/japan-s-sakurajima-volcano-erupts-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-issue-a-warning-not-to-approach-it-the-volcano-located-in-t.md) _Context: Japan Meteorological Agency_
4. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the  relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Okinawa Island_
5. [A strong earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurs off the coast of Japan near the city of Kamaishi, prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a tsunami warning. 10 people are taken to hospital with injuries, no fatalities reported. ](/news/2012/12/7/a-strong-earthquake-of-magnitude-7-3-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-near-the-city-of-kamaishi-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-i.md) _Context: Japan Meteorological Agency_
6. [Super Typhoon Sanba reaches the Ryukyu Islands on its way to Korea. ](/news/2012/09/16/super-typhoon-sanba-reaches-the-ryukyu-islands-on-its-way-to-korea.md) _Context: Ryukyu Islands_
7. [The Shinmoedake volcano on the Japanese island of Kyushu erupts again with its biggest explosion since becoming active again. ](/news/2011/02/1/the-shinmoedake-volcano-on-the-japanese-island-of-kya-sha-erupts-again-with-its-biggest-explosion-since-becoming-active-again.md) _Context: Kyushu_
8. [The Japanese government urges residents living near the Shinmoedake volcano in Kyushu to evacuate as eruptions become worse. ](/news/2011/01/31/the-japanese-government-urges-residents-living-near-the-shinmoedake-volcano-in-kya-sha-to-evacuate-as-eruptions-become-worse.md) _Context: Kyushu_
9. [Hurricane Alex, the first hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, makes landfall in northeastern Mexico as a Category&nbsp;2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale with winds of 105&nbsp;mph (165&nbsp;km/h), and  causes tornadoes that force people into shelters in southern Texas. ](/news/2010/07/1/hurricane-alex-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2010-atlantic-hurricane-season-makes-landfall-in-northeastern-mexico-as-a-category-nbsp-2-hurric.md) _Context: Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
10. [ The Japan Meteorological Agency warns that Honshu Island's Mount Asama could erupt within the next two days. ](/news/2009/02/1/the-japan-meteorological-agency-warns-that-honsha-island-s-mount-asama-could-erupt-within-the-next-two-days.md) _Context: Japan Meteorological Agency_
