### [2005-09-3](/news/2005/09/3/index.md)

#  William Rehnquist, Chief Justice of the United States, dies of thyroid cancer at the age of 80. He was appointed Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1971 by Richard Nixon and was named Chief Justice by Ronald Reagan in 1986. 




### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/n/a/2005/09/03/national/w202446D41.DTL)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist announces he will not retire from the court as long as his health permits him to remain. In October of 2004 Rehnquist, 80, was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and underwent a tracheotomy. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050715/ap_on_go_su_co/rehnquist_health_5 Yahoo News] (Link dead as of 00:39, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/07/14/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-announces-he-will-not-retire-from-the-court-as-long-as-his-health-permits-him-to-remain.md) _Context: Chief Justice, William Rehnquist, thyroid cancer_
2. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist is hospitalized with a fever. There have been no indications when Rehnquist, who is fighting thyroid cancer, will be released. ](/news/2005/07/13/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-is-hospitalized-with-a-fever-there-have-been-no-indications-when-rehnquist-who-is-figh.md) _Context: Chief Justice, William Rehnquist, thyroid cancer_
3. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan_
4. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
5. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
6. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
7. [A federal judge, Paul L. Friedman, rules that John Hinckley Jr., who attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan outside the Washington Hilton on March 30, 1981, is to be released after 35 years at St. Elizabeths Hospital as he no longer poses a danger to himself or others. ](/news/2016/07/27/a-federal-judge-paul-l-friedman-rules-that-john-hinckley-jr-who-attempted-to-assassinate-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-outside-the-washi.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
8. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in "Montgomery v. Louisiana" (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under "Miller v. Alabama" (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-con.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
