### [2017-10-1](/news/2017/10/1/index.md)

# The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." 

At least 337 people have been injured in clashes as police try to stop Catalonia&#039;s illegal independence poll, authorities say.


### Source:

1. [AP](https://apnews.com/5341651334024917ad52c0cfa96c3cfd/%22Yes%22-side-wins-Catalonia-independence-vote-marred-by-chaos)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-41461032)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-41457238)
4. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2017/10/01/spain-catalonia-all-the-red-lines-have-been-crossed-says-barcelona-mayor)
5. [NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/catalonia-independence-poll-spanish-police-scuffle-defiant-voters-n806291?cid=eml_nbn_20171001)
6. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/police-fire-rubber-bullets-at-voters-in-barcelona-as-catalonia-poll-turns-violent-11062579)
7. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/catalan-independence-referendum-people-hurt-clashes-police-violence-right-to-statehood-a7977651.html)
8. [The Spain Report](https://www.thespainreport.com/articles/1171-171001171141-civil-guard-and-catalan-police-fight-in-catalan-town)
8. [Cover Image](https://e3.365dm.com/17/10/1600x900/skynews-catalan-police-barcelona_4116244.jpg?20171001094343)

### Related:

1. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Spanish, independence from Spain_
2. [The newly appointed President of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, vows to continue his predecessor Artur Mas i Gavarro's plans to secede from Spain within 18 months. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-newly-appointed-president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-vows-to-continue-his-predecessor-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-s-plans-to-secede-from.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Spanish, independence from Spain_
3. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
4. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
5. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
6. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Spanish_
7. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Spanish, independence from Spain_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
9. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
10. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spanish_
