### [2012-09-16](/news/2012/09/16/index.md)

# 2012 diplomatic missions attacks fallout: President of Libya Mohamed el-Magariaf announces Libya has made at least 50 arrests in conjunction with the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi. 

Suspects comprise affiliates, sympathizers, few foreigners says Libyan National Congress president, AFP reports.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/sep/16/us-withdraws-diplomats-tunisia-sudan)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=285283)

### Related:

1. [2012 diplomatic missions attacks:: Demanding the disbandment of armed groups, hundreds of demonstrators attack Ansar al-Sharia and Islamist militia compounds in Benghazi, Libya. Eleven people die in the clashes. Libyan authorities re-take control of deserted strongholds. ](/news/2012/09/22/2012-diplomatic-missions-attacks-demanding-the-disbandment-of-armed-groups-hundreds-of-demonstrators-attack-ansar-al-sharia-and-islamist.md) _Context: Libya, attacks and protests_
2. [The US Deputy Secretary of State William Burns meets with government officials in Libya about last week's deadly attack at the US consulate in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/20/the-us-deputy-secretary-of-state-william-burns-meets-with-government-officials-in-libya-about-last-week-s-deadly-attack-at-the-us-consulate.md) _Context: Libya, attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya_
3. [2012 diplomatic missions attacks fallout:: The United States ambassador to the United Nations says there was no plot in the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/17/2012-diplomatic-missions-attacks-fallout-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-says-there-was-no-plot-in-the-u-s-consulate-a.md) _Context: attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, attacks and protests_
4. [2012 diplomatic missions attacks: U.S. president Barack Obama strongly condemns the "outrageous attack" that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other U.S. citizens in Benghazi, Libya, saying that the United States rejects denigration of religious beliefs but also rejects the "senseless violence that killed the US diplomat". ](/news/2012/09/12/2012-diplomatic-missions-attacks-u-s-president-barack-obama-strongly-condemns-the-outrageous-attack-that-killed-the-u-s-ambassador-to-l.md) _Context: Libya, attacks and protests_
5. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:: The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-the-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-cal.md) _Context: Libya, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf_
6. [President Muammar Gaddafi of Libya declares a holy war on Switzerland. ](/news/2010/02/26/president-muammar-gaddafi-of-libya-declares-a-holy-war-on-switzerland.md) _Context: Libya, President of Libya_
7. [ Cecilia Sarkozy, the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, flies to Libya and visits the Bulgarian medics condemned to death for allegedly infecting children with HIV and also the families of the infected children. She will also meet Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi, the President of Libya. ](/news/2007/07/12/ca-c-cilia-sarkozy-the-wife-of-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-flies-to-libya-and-visits-the-bulgarian-medics-condemned-to-death-for-alleg.md) _Context: Libya, President of Libya_
8. [European Union-Libya relations: The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/european-union-libya-relations-the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [European migrant crisis: The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Libya_
