### [2012-09-16](/news/2012/09/16/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War. Jaime Serrano Cedillo, a deputy of the State of Mexico, is assassinated; he is the second politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) to be killed in just two days. Eduardo Castro Luque was killed by unknown assailants on Friday night. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/17-mutilated-bodies-found-on-farm-in-central-mexico/2012/09/16/665f8a26-002d-11e2-bbf0-e33b4ee2f0e8_story.html)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/state-legislator-killed-in-mexico-state-2nd-pri-politician-slain-in-2-days/2012/09/16/c06c98f6-004b-11e2-bbf0-e33b4ee2f0e8_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:. Eduardo Castro Luque, the deputy-elect of Ciudad Obregon, Sonora, is assassinated by gunmen two days before joining office. ](/news/2012/09/15/mexican-drug-war-eduardo-castro-luque-the-deputy-elect-of-ciudad-obregon-sonora-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-two-days-before-joining-offic.md) _Context: Eduardo Castro Luque, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Mexican Drug War: Armed men beat up and abduct Marcelo Avila Lopez, a candidate for the municipal presidency of Apaxtla, Guerrero, and politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). ](/news/2012/06/26/mexican-drug-war-armed-men-beat-up-and-abduct-marcelo-avila-la3pez-a-candidate-for-the-municipal-presidency-of-apaxtla-guerrero-and-pol.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican Drug War_
3. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]. Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.. Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, State of Mexico_
4. [Mexican Drug War. A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War. An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War. A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War. Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War. War on Drugs. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War. At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/mexican-drug-war-at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War. The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
