### [2007-08-30](/news/2007/08/30/index.md)

#  The Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades of Fatah claims its militants have fired a missile into southern Israeli city of Sderot in response to Israeli raids on the Gaza Strip. Israeli sources said the rocket landed on a building and caused damages and panic. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhuanet](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2007-08/30/content_6633178.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, Israel, Sderot_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. ](/news/2013/03/21/gazaaisrael-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strip-land-in-sderot-israel-in-violation-of-the-ceasefire-brokered-after-the-eight-day.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
3. [ Hamas accuses rival faction Fatah of spying for Israel during the recent conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/23/hamas-accuses-rival-faction-fatah-of-spying-for-israel-during-the-recent-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Israel_
4. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-p-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
5. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, rocket attacks_
6. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Militants in the Gaza Strip fire eight rockets at the southern Israeli cities of Sderot and Kibbutz Nir Am. The IAF makes an air strike on the Gaza Strip, in which they destroy two buildings.  ](/news/2007/05/23/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-eight-rockets-at-the-southern-israeli-cities-of-sderot-and-kibbutz-nir-am-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
7. [ Mohammed Shahadeh, leader of the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades terrorist organization in the Gaza Strip Bureij refugee camp, is shot to death outside his home. Fatah officials accuse members of Hamas of being behind the assassination. ](/news/2006/10/22/mohammed-shahadeh-leader-of-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-terrorist-organization-in-the-gaza-strip-bureij-refugee-camp-is-shot-to-death-ou.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, Gaza Strip_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
9. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
10. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Sderot_
