### [2007-08-30](/news/2007/08/30/index.md)

#  The Anglican Church of Kenya consecrates two bishops from the Episcopal Church in the United States of America after they left the Episcopal Church due to concerns that the Church was consecrating gay bishops. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/6970093.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Catholic Church announces that cremated remains must be kept in consecrated land, rather than scattered about or kept at home. The Church first permitted cremation in 1963, but still strongly favours burial. ](/news/2016/10/25/the-catholic-church-announces-that-cremated-remains-must-be-kept-in-consecrated-land-rather-than-scattered-about-or-kept-at-home-the-churc.md) _Context: consecrate_
2. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
3. [ The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-church-of-uganda-the-anglican-province-of-uganda-appoints-a-bishop-in-the-united-states-john-guernsey-deepening-a-split-with-the-ep.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
4. [ Katharine Jefferts Schori, the Episcopal bishop of Nevada, and the new leader of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America has said that homosexuality is not a sin. ](/news/2006/06/21/katharine-jefferts-schori-the-episcopal-bishop-of-nevada-and-the-new-leader-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-has-s.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
5. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
6. [ Episcopal Church: The Annual Convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh approves an amendment to its Constitution which allows it to differ with the opinion of the national church on issues which the diocese believes to be "contrary to the historic faith and order" of the church. ](/news/2004/11/5/episcopal-church-the-annual-convention-of-the-episcopal-diocese-of-pittsburgh-approves-an-amendment-to-its-constitution-which-allows-it-to.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
7. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
8. [ The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.](/news/2003/11/4/the-anglican-church-splits-over-gay-bishop-half-the-archbishops-of-the-anglican-union-denounce-the-episcopal-church-s-consecration-of-the.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
9. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
10. [ The clergy and lay people of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, by a comfortable margin, vote in favor of the appointment of an openly gay bishop. The vote is thought likely to get confirmation from the bishops' collegium, which however is delayed due to last minute independent allegations of misconduct and intense conservative opposition.](/news/2003/08/4/the-clergy-and-lay-people-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-by-a-comfortable-margin-vote-in-favor-of-the-appointmen.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
