### [2015-11-26](/news/2015/11/26/index.md)

# 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21): France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua News Agency](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/video/2015-11/26/c_134858311.htm)

### Related:

1. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack: A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: France, Paris_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effo.md) _Context: France, Paris_
3. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
4. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing: A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Paris_
6. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. ](/news/2015/12/5/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-delegates-at-the-2015-climate-change-conference-in-paris-reach-a-draft-agreement.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
7. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Paris_
8. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
9. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-globa.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
10. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
