### [2015-11-26](/news/2015/11/26/index.md)

# British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. 

David Cameron puts the case for air strikes against IS in Syria - with Jeremy Corbyn at odds with half his shadow cabinet on the issue.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-34927939)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/26/france-appeals-britain-join-syrian-war-against-isis-french-defence-minister-le-drian?CMP=share_btn_tw)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/russia-targets-turkish-economy-in-retaliation-for-downing-of-warplane/2015/11/26/b0fb7fac-9433-11e5-a2d6-f57908580b1f_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)

### Related:

1. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
2. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
3. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, UK_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: David Cameron, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
5. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
6. [Cyprus offers France the use of its airbase facilities to bomb the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Syria. Cypriot airbases are already being used by British and Canadian air forces for military operations. ](/news/2015/11/20/cyprus-offers-france-the-use-of-its-airbase-facilities-to-bomb-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-in-syria-cypriot-airbases-are-alrea.md) _Context: France, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
7. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron confirms that two ISIS militants, UK citizens, Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin, were killed in Syria when a British drone attack hit their car on August 21, 2015. Both Khan and Amin had appeared in an ISIS recruitment video last year. They are alleged to have been plotting a terrorist attack on the UK. ](/news/2015/09/8/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-confirms-that-two-isis-militants-uk-citizens-reyaad-khan-and-ruhul-amin-were-killed-in-syria-when-a-bri.md) _Context: David Cameron, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, UK_
8. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: France, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
9. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
10. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
