### [2015-11-26](/news/2015/11/26/index.md)

# The Turkish military releases what it says are a series of audio recordings of warnings issued to a Russian jet before it was shot down near the Syrian border. 

Turkey&#039;s military releases recordings of apparent warnings issued to a Russian jet before it was shot down near the Syrian border.


### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-26/turkish-military-releases-recording-warning-sent-to-russian-jet/6976156)

### Related:

1. [At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near-al-bab-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkish troops_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin addresses the shootdown of one of their jets in Syria by the Turkish Air Force. He goes on to say that "if anyone thinks Russia's reaction will be limited to trade sanctions, they are deeply mistaken". ](/news/2015/12/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-addresses-the-shootdown-of-one-of-their-jets-in-syria-by-the-turkish-air-force-he-goes-on-to-say-that-if.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia, Syria_
3. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia, Syria_
4. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia, Syria_
5. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town  was also struck; there are no reports of civilian casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
6. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
7. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
9. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
