### [2003-11-10](/news/2003/11/10/index.md)

#  Fine arts: A striking piece of art, the lifelike sculpture of the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler kneels in an empty room in a Munich art museum, Germany (where the Nazi past has made it taboo to display Hitler in any form except in documentary films). The exhibition is at the neo-classical museum, which the Nazi leader ordered built in 1937.




### Related:

1. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism." This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler, Munich, Nazism_
2. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Munich_
3. [In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Munich_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
5. [President Rodrigo Duterte likens himself to Adolf Hitler saying he would "be happy" to kill 3 million drug users and dealers in the country. United Nations adviser Adama Dieng cautions Duterte that his use of language could lead to "crimes against humanity". ](/news/2016/09/30/president-rodrigo-duterte-likens-himself-to-adolf-hitler-saying-he-would-be-happy-to-kill-3-million-drug-users-and-dealers-in-the-country.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
6. [Munich Police Chief Hubertus Andrae identifies the attacker as a dual national, 18-year-old Iranian-German who apparently acted alone. He was found dead of a suspected self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head. ](/news/2016/07/23/munich-police-chief-hubertus-andrae-identifies-the-attacker-as-a-dual-national-18-year-old-iranian-german-who-apparently-acted-alone-he-wa.md) _Context: Munich_
7. [Ten people, including the gunman, are killed and 21 wounded in a shooting in and around the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum shopping mall in the Moosach district of Munich, Germany, next to the Olympic stadium.](/news/2016/07/22/ten-people-including-the-gunman-are-killed-and-21-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-and-around-the-olympia-einkaufszentrum-shopping-mall-in-the-moo.md) _Context: Munich_
8. [One person is killed and several others injured in a knife attack at the Grafing station, a station of the Munich S-Bahn system in Germany. ](/news/2016/05/10/one-person-is-killed-and-several-others-injured-in-a-knife-attack-at-the-grafing-station-a-station-of-the-munich-s-bahn-system-in-germany.md) _Context: Munich_
9. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
10. [John Kerry, the United States Secretary of State, says that a meeting of 17 ministers in Munich has agreed to a ceasefire within a week and delivery of humanitarian assistance beginning immediately. ](/news/2016/02/12/john-kerry-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-says-that-a-meeting-of-17-ministers-in-munich-has-agreed-to-a-ceasefire-within-a-week-and.md) _Context: Munich_
