### [2003-11-10](/news/2003/11/10/index.md)

#  Survivors of the massacre of Srebrenica, the worst European atrocity since World War&nbsp;II, are to sue the United Nations and the Netherlands for almost USD $850 million for failing to protect the Muslim enclave.




### Related:

1. [A Dutch military helicopter serving as part of the United Nations peacekeeping mission in Mali crashes near Gao, killing two people. ](/news/2015/03/17/a-dutch-military-helicopter-serving-as-part-of-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-mission-in-mali-crashes-near-gao-killing-two-people.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Nations_
2. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Nations_
3. [Dutch officials object to "ridiculous" and "out of the realm of fiction" claims by retired American general John J. Sheehan, a former NATO commander, that the use of gay soldiers in 1995 meant Dutch forces were "under-strength" and "poorly led" when attempting to protect Bosnian civilians in Srebrenica. ](/news/2010/03/19/dutch-officials-object-to-ridiculous-and-out-of-the-realm-of-fiction-claims-by-retired-american-general-john-j-sheehan-a-former-nato-c.md) _Context: Netherlands, Srebrenica_
4. [ Relatives of Srebrenica massacre victims open a case in a Dutch court against the United Nations and the Netherlands for the failure of the Dutchbat force to prevent the killings. ](/news/2008/06/18/relatives-of-srebrenica-massacre-victims-open-a-case-in-a-dutch-court-against-the-united-nations-and-the-netherlands-for-the-failure-of-the.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Nations_
5. [ Dutch oil-trading company Trafigura agrees to pay the Cte d'Ivoire government $198 million to clean up a 2006 toxic waste spill which led to the deaths of 10 people. ](/news/2007/02/13/dutch-oil-trading-company-trafigura-agrees-to-pay-the-cote-d-ivoire-government-198-million-to-clean-up-a-2006-toxic-waste-spill-which-led.md) _Context: Netherlands, USD_
6. [ South Africa announces a ZAR 140 million (USD $22 million) donation to the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) and the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to alleviate food shortages in Southern Africa. ](/news/2005/10/3/south-africa-announces-a-zar-140-million-usd-22-million-donation-to-the-united-nations-world-food-programme-wfp-and-the-food-and-agric.md) _Context: USD, United Nations_
7. [ Two Libyans suspected of bringing down Pan Am flight 103 in 1988 are handed over to Scottish authorities for eventual trial in the Netherlands. The United Nations suspends sanctions against Libya](/news/1999/04/5/two-libyans-suspected-of-bringing-down-pan-am-flight-103-in-1988-are-handed-over-to-scottish-authorities-for-eventual-trial-in-the-netherla.md) _Context: Netherlands, United Nations_
8. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
