### [2003-11-10](/news/2003/11/10/index.md)

#  The World Trade Organization declares United States tariffs on steel imports inconsistent with free trade, opening the way for the European Union to impose punitive tariffs on goods of US origin.




### Related:

1. [ The European Union imposes additional 5% tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from the United States, such as honey, paper, and nuclear reactors. The tariffs were sanctioned by the World Trade Organization in 2002 as punitive measures after a ruling declaring that United States tax law unfairly favors U.S.-based companies. ](/news/2004/03/2/the-european-union-imposes-additional-5-tariffs-on-a-wide-range-of-goods-imported-from-the-united-states-such-as-honey-paper-and-nuclea.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization, import tariffs_
2. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization, steel_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU, free trade_
4. [As many as 53 members of the World Trade Organization sign an agreement in Nairobi, Kenya, to remove import tariffs on 201 information technology products that account for trade of $1.3 trillion annually. ](/news/2015/12/16/as-many-as-53-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-sign-an-agreement-in-nairobi-kenya-to-remove-import-tariffs-on-201-information-techn.md) _Context: World Trade Organization, import tariffs_
5. [The European Union and Japan say that they will begin talks to restart free trade between the two entities beginning in April. ](/news/2013/03/25/the-european-union-and-japan-say-that-they-will-begin-talks-to-restart-free-trade-between-the-two-entities-beginning-in-april.md) _Context: EU, free trade_
6. [ Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/07/27/canada-challenges-the-seal-ban-of-the-european-union-at-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
7. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
8. [ The Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization opened in Hong Kong. European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said that he expected little progress on resolving disagreements between ministers. Meanwhile, some protesters from South Korea unsuccessfully attempted to bypass the cordon to reach the location of the conference by swimming across Victoria Harbour. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-sixth-ministerial-conference-of-the-world-trade-organization-opened-in-hong-kong-european-union-trade-commissioner-peter-mandelson-sai.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
9. [ In the continuing negotiations over global free trade, the trade commissioner for the European Union, Peter Mandelson, said Friday that the EU will cut its average farm tariff by 47%, reducing the highest rates by 60%. Jacques Chirac, the president of France, said that he doesn't have France's support in such a proposal. ](/news/2005/10/28/in-the-continuing-negotiations-over-global-free-trade-the-trade-commissioner-for-the-european-union-peter-mandelson-said-friday-that-the.md) _Context: EU, free trade_
10. [ The 148 members of the World Trade Organization officially appoint the former European Union Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, as its 5th Director-General. ](/news/2005/05/27/the-148-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-officially-appoint-the-former-european-union-trade-commissioner-pascal-lamy-as-its-5th-di.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
