### [2003-11-10](/news/2003/11/10/index.md)

#  Toronto municipal election, 2003: David Miller is elected mayor of Toronto.




### Related:

1. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
2. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Toronto_
3. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life for trying to overthrow the DPRK and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-tryin.md) _Context: Toronto_
4. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Toronto_
5. [Air Canada Flight 624 skids off the runway at Halifax Stanfield International Airport, after arriving from Toronto shortly past midnight. All 133 passengers and 5 crews on board survive, with 23 treated for minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/29/air-canada-flight-624-skids-off-the-runway-at-halifax-stanfield-international-airport-after-arriving-from-toronto-shortly-past-midnight-al.md) _Context: Toronto_
6. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Toronto_
7. [Four people are stabbed in an office in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. ](/news/2014/04/9/four-people-are-stabbed-in-an-office-in-toronto-ontario-canada.md) _Context: Toronto_
8. [Mayor of Toronto Rob Ford takes a leave of absence to help with substance abuse, according to his lawyer. ](/news/2014/04/30/mayor-of-toronto-rob-ford-takes-a-leave-of-absence-to-help-with-substance-abuse-according-to-his-lawyer.md) _Context: Toronto_
9. [A Canadian National Railway train from Toronto carrying crude oil and propane derails and catches fire in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick, in the northwest part of the province, causing 45 homes to be evacuated in a rural area. No one has yet been injured, and the fire has diminished, so far without the propane exploding. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-canadian-national-railway-train-from-toronto-carrying-crude-oil-and-propane-derails-and-catches-fire-in-plaster-rock-new-brunswick-in-th.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits that a year-old video does indeed show him smoking crack cocaine, a charge he had previously denied. Ford refused to resign from office and vowed to pursue re-election efforts. ](/news/2013/11/5/toronto-mayor-rob-ford-admits-that-a-year-old-video-does-indeed-show-him-smoking-crack-cocaine-a-charge-he-had-previously-denied-ford-refu.md) _Context: Toronto_
