### [2003-11-10](/news/2003/11/10/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: The United States Supreme Court has agreed to hear appeals by 16 people detained at Guantanamo Bay. The Supreme Court will consider whether alleged illegal combatants held by the United States since the War in Afghanistan can use American courts to challenge their detainment.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Supreme Court rules six-to-three that "illegal combatants" such as those held in Guantanamo can challenge the basis of their detentions, yet can also be held without charges or trial. ](/news/2004/06/28/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-six-to-three-that-illegal-combatants-such-as-those-held-in-guanta-namo-can-challenge-the-basis-of-t.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, illegal combatant_
2. [At least 11 Afghan civilians are killed and 16 wounded when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar Province, east of Kabul. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-11-afghan-civilians-are-killed-and-16-wounded-when-a-nato-helicopter-attacked-a-house-where-taliban-insurgents-had-taken-shelter-in.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. The Taliban claims their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-the-taliban-cl.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
8. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in "Montgomery v. Louisiana" (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under "Miller v. Alabama" (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-con.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [Jalaluddin Haqqani, the founder of the Haqqani Network, is reported as having died in 2014. ](/news/2015/07/31/jalaluddin-haqqani-the-founder-of-the-haqqani-network-is-reported-as-having-died-in-2014.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
