### [2008-03-10](/news/2008/03/10/index.md)

#  Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer is linked with a criminal investigation of an international online prostitution ring. 

Gov. Eliot Spitzer has been caught on a federal wiretap arranging to meet with a high-priced prostitute, according to a person briefed on the inquiry.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/10/nyregion/10cnd-spitzer.html)

### Related:

1. [ Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer resigns effective March 17 amid a prostitution ring scandal. He will be replaced by David Paterson, the first African American and legally blind person to hold this position. ](/news/2008/03/12/governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-resigns-effective-march-17-amid-a-prostitution-ring-scandal-he-will-be-replaced-by-david-paterson-the.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer, Governor, New York State_
2. [New York Democratic Governor David Paterson announces he will not run in the New York gubernatorial election of 2010.](/news/2010/02/26/new-york-democratic-governor-david-paterson-announces-he-will-not-run-in-the-new-york-gubernatorial-election-of-2010.md) _Context: Governor, New York State_
3. [ Three former aides to former Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer and the former head of the New York State Police are charged with ethics violations over improper use of travel records of former Republican New York State Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno. ](/news/2008/07/24/three-former-aides-to-former-governor-of-new-york-eliot-spitzer-and-the-former-head-of-the-new-york-state-police-are-charged-with-ethics-vi.md) _Context: Eliot Spitzer, Governor_
4. [Economy of the United States. New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: New York State_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State_
7. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: New York State_
9. [2017 Brooklyn train crash. A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/2017-brooklyn-train-crash-a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injur.md) _Context: New York State_
10. [Gunshots are fired in Crossgates Mall in Guilderland, New York. Police report the mall has been cleared; they are looking for one suspect. ](/news/2016/11/12/gunshots-are-fired-in-crossgates-mall-in-guilderland-new-york-police-report-the-mall-has-been-cleared-they-are-looking-for-one-suspect.md) _Context: New York State_
