### [2010-05-21](/news/2010/05/21/index.md)

# Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-world-middle_east-10138251.stm (BBC)]An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)]Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http:--www.haaretz.com-news-diplomacy-defense-idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)




### Related:

1. [ Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/two-israelis-one-a-soldier-in-the-combat-engineering-corps-and-one-a-civilian-are-wounded-by-a-palestinian-sniper-in-an-attack-on-philad.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, sniper_
2. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
3. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
4. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_

### Changes:

1. [Middle East: Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-world-middle_east-10138251.stm (BBC)]An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)] Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http:--www.haaretz.com-news-diplomacy-defense-idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)](/news/2010/05/21/middle-east-pisraeli-troops-kill-two-palestinian-militants-as-they-attempt-to-infiltrate-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-http-news-bbc.md) _2017-05-25 03:28:56 (First version)_
2. [Middle East:Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-world-middle_east-10138251.stm (BBC)]An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)]Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http:--www.haaretz.com-news-diplomacy-defense-idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)](/news/2010/05/21/middle-east-pisraeli-troops-kill-two-palestinian-militants-as-they-attempt-to-infiltrate-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-http-news-bbc-c.md) _2017-08-25 03:27:58 (Update)_
3. [Middle East:: Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-world-middle_east-10138251.stm (BBC)]: An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)]: Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http:--www.haaretz.com-news-diplomacy-defense-idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)](/news/2010/05/21/middle-east-israeli-troops-kill-two-palestinian-militants-as-they-attempt-to-infiltrate-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-http-news-bbc.md) _2017-08-27 03:27:56 (Update)_
3. [Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-world-middle_east-10138251.stm (BBC)]An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)]Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http:--www.haaretz.com-news-diplomacy-defense-idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)](/news/2010/05/21/israeli-troops-kill-two-palestinian-militants-as-they-attempt-to-infiltrate-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-wor.md) _(Current version)_
