### [2010-05-21](/news/2010/05/21/index.md)

# Middle East:. Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10138251.stm (BBC)]. An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)]. Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)




### Related:

1. [Middle East:. Israel adjourns deciding on whether to ease its three year blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/06/16/middle-east-israel-adjourns-deciding-on-whether-to-ease-its-three-year-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Middle East_
2. [Middle East:. Israel fires its first missiles into Gaza this month injuring several civilians, following a rocket attack on a kibbutz in southern Israel which causes damage but no injuries.](/news/2010/03/12/middle-east-israel-fires-its-first-missiles-into-gaza-this-month-injuring-several-civilians-following-a-rocket-attack-on-a-kibbutz-in-sou.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Middle East_
3. [ Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/two-israelis-one-a-soldier-in-the-combat-engineering-corps-and-one-a-civilian-are-wounded-by-a-palestinian-sniper-in-an-attack-on-philad.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, sniper_
4. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [Blockade of the Gaza Strip. A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
