### [2010-05-21](/news/2010/05/21/index.md)

# Prosecutors of the Special Court for Sierra Leone request United Nations judges to force supermodel Naomi Campbell to testify over allegations that she received a blood diamond from the former President of Liberia Charles Taylor. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/africa/05/20/sierra.leone.naomi.campbell.subpoena/)
2. [Times Online](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/africa/article7132335.ece)

### Related:

1. [Model Naomi Campbell gives evidence that she received several "dirty looking stones" after meeting the former President of Liberia Charles Taylor in his trial at the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/5/model-naomi-campbell-gives-evidence-that-she-received-several-dirty-looking-stones-after-meeting-the-former-president-of-liberia-charles-t.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, Naomi Campbell, President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
2. [The Special Court for Sierra Leone, sitting in The Hague, rules that model Naomi Campbell can be called to testify against former President of Liberia Charles Taylor in relation to her blood diamond. ](/news/2010/06/30/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-sitting-in-the-hague-rules-that-model-naomi-campbell-can-be-called-to-testify-against-former-president.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, Naomi Campbell, President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, blood diamond_
3. [The Special Court for Sierra Leone at The Hague delivers its verdict in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on charges of arming Sierra Leone's rebels in return for "blood diamonds" in the 1990s. He is convicted on charges related to aiding and abetting war crimes but acquitted of charges of ordering them. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-at-the-hague-delivers-its-verdict-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, blood diamond_
4. [Actress Mia Farrow gives evidence in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor before the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/9/actress-mia-farrow-gives-evidence-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-before-the-united-nations-special-court-for-sie.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
5. [The UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague rejects an appeal against a conviction of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor on war crime charges. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-in-the-hague-rejects-an-appeal-against-a-conviction-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-tayl.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
6. [Jeremy Ractliffe, former head of the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund, admits he kept possible blood diamonds to protect the reputations of Mandela, Naomi Campbell and the fund but that he gave them to South African police and is willing to testify at Charles Taylor's trial. ](/news/2010/08/6/jeremy-ractliffe-former-head-of-the-nelson-mandela-children-s-fund-admits-he-kept-possible-blood-diamonds-to-protect-the-reputations-of-ma.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, Naomi Campbell, blood diamond_
7. [ The war crimes trial of former President of Liberia Charles G. Taylor at the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone begins at The Hague. ](/news/2007/06/4/the-war-crimes-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-g-taylor-at-the-un-backed-special-court-for-sierra-leone-begins-at-the-hague.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone, United Nations_
8. [The former President of Liberia, Charles Taylor, is sentenced to 50 years' imprisonment by the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague for aiding and abetting war crimes during Sierra Leone's civil war. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-is-sentenced-to-50-years-imprisonment-by-the-special-court-for-sierra-leone-in-the-hague-f.md) _Context: President of Liberia, Special Court for Sierra Leone_
9. [The trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor is adjourned until Friday after he does not attend court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/02/9/the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-is-adjourned-until-friday-after-he-does-not-attend-court-in-the-hague.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia_
10. [The lawyer for former Liberian President Charles Taylor walks out of court protesting that his client's rights to a fair trial had been abused. ](/news/2011/02/8/the-lawyer-for-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-walks-out-of-court-protesting-that-his-client-s-rights-to-a-fair-trial-had-been-abus.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, President of Liberia_
