### [2017-06-19](/news/2017/06/19/index.md)

# American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in very poor health. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. 

CINCINNATI (AP) — Otto Warmbier, an American college student who was released by North Korea in a coma last week after almost a year and a half in captivity, died Monday, his family said.


### Source:

1. [AP via Aus. Broadcasting Corp.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-06-20/otto-warmbier-us-student-detained-in-north-korea-dies/8633216)
2. [AP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/us-student-freed-north-korea-204425775.html?soc_trk=gcm&soc_src=d9780ae9-562b-3ef5-9d83-c17f2088b031&.tsrc=notification-brknews)

### Related:

1. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, Otto Warmbier_
2. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, Otto Warmbier_
3. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
4. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
5. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
6. [North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions-on-its-leader-kim-jong-un-over-human-r.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
7. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations, United States_
8. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
9. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
