### [2017-06-19](/news/2017/06/19/index.md)

# Piracy in the Sulu Sea. Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/world/regions/asia-pacific/173377-indonesia-malaysia-philippines-launch-joint-naval-patrols)

### Related:

1. [Moro conflict. Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/moro-conflict-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-mili.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines_
2. [ASEAN Summit. United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines_
3. ["Philippines v. China". The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines_
4. [2014 Southeast Asian floods. Flooding and the death toll continues in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. ](/news/2014/12/30/2014-southeast-asian-floods-flooding-and-the-death-toll-continues-in-indonesia-malaysia-the-philippines-and-thailand.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines_
5. [ Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore agree to joint anti-piracy patrols in the Malacca Strait. ](/news/2005/08/2/malaysia-indonesia-and-singapore-agree-to-joint-anti-piracy-patrols-in-the-malacca-strait.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, pirate_
6. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippines_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
8. [Moro conflict. A new set of kidnappings and a jail break plague Sulu province in the southern region of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/07/17/moro-conflict-a-new-set-of-kidnappings-and-a-jail-break-plague-sulu-province-in-the-southern-region-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines, kidnappings_
9. [United Nations Ocean Conference. At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippines_
10. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS "Carl Vinson". The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-eje.md) _Context: Celebes, Philippines_
