### [2010-02-12](/news/2010/02/12/index.md)

# Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has repeatedly called on the DPRK to re-engage in the Six-Party Talks that also involve the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, Russia and the United States. 




### Source:

1. [UN](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=33760&Cr=Democratic&Cr1=Korea)

### Related:

1. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S., six-party talks_
2. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
4. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
5. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
6. [At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi  expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-china-s-concerns-that-the-planned.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, South Korea, U.S._
7. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, U.S._
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
9. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China, U.S._
10. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, U.S._
