### [2010-02-12](/news/2010/02/12/index.md)

# Togo appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport over their ban from the next two Africa Cup of Nations in the aftermath of the Togo national football team attack. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/africa/8512230.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2010/feb/12/togo-appeal-court-ban-africa-nations)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/SPORT/football/02/12/football.togo.cas.appeal/)

### Related:

1. [Thousands protest in Togo against a decision by the Confederation of African Football to ban the country from the next two editions of the Africa Cup of Nations. ](/news/2010/02/6/thousands-protest-in-togo-against-a-decision-by-the-confederation-of-african-football-to-ban-the-country-from-the-next-two-editions-of-the-a.md) _Context: Africa Cup of Nations, Togo_
2. [The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejects the appeal for the inclusion of the Togo national football team in the draw for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations which resulted from their ban due to the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 tournament in Angola. It also says that a new draw will be required if they rule in favor of Togo in upcoming proceedings. ](/news/2010/02/18/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-cas-rejects-the-appeal-for-the-inclusion-of-the-togo-national-football-team-in-the-draw-for-the-2012-af.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Togo national football team attack_
3. [Russian track and field athlete Mariya Savinova is banned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport from partaking in any sporting events for four years and is stripped of her gold medal that she won in the 800 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics for doping between 2010 and 2013. ](/news/2017/02/10/russian-track-and-field-athlete-mariya-savinova-is-banned-by-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-from-partaking-in-any-sporting-events-for-fo.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
4. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
5. [The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. ](/news/2016/07/3/the-russian-olympic-committee-appeals-the-ban-of-its-track-and-field-team-from-participating-in-the-upcoming-summer-olympics-by-the-internat.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
6. [A German federal court upholds the Court of Arbitration for Sport's  2009 blood doping ruling against  Olympic speed skating champion Claudia Pechstein who is seeking compensation from the International Skating Union for the two-year ban.  ](/news/2016/06/7/a-german-federal-court-upholds-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-s-2009-blood-doping-ruling-against-olympic-speed-skating-champion-claudi.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
7. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
8. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
9. [In Australian football, 34 current and former players with the Essendon Football Club are banned from playing in the Australian Football League during the 2016 AFL season after the Court of Arbitration for Sport finds that they took the banned substance thymosin-beta 4. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-australian-football-34-current-and-former-players-with-the-essendon-football-club-are-banned-from-playing-in-the-australian-football-lea.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport_
10. [Voters in Togo go to the polls amid political unrest. ](/news/2015/04/25/voters-in-togo-go-to-the-polls-amid-political-unrest.md) _Context: Togo_
