### [2011-12-31](/news/2011/12/31/index.md)

# The President of the United States Barack Obama signs a law providing for new sanctions against Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5i8aDTUax9ph9ZF781ujYIn1Kr65w?docId=CNG.708e02122a0745a94d1e4949e69f7399.5f1)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
2. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
4. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/05/10/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-will-not-meet-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-camp-david-or-at-a-summit-meeting-sending-seni.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
5. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
6. [United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin discuss the uprising in Syria, Iran, and trade at the summit. ](/news/2012/06/18/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discuss-the-uprising-in-syria-iran-and-trade-at-the-summit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
8. [United States President Barack Obama has asked Iran for the RQ-170 Sentinel that was captured near Kashmar on December 4. ](/news/2011/12/12/united-states-president-barack-obama-has-asked-iran-for-the-rq-170-sentinel-that-was-captured-near-kashmar-on-december-4.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
