### [2001-07-23](/news/2001/07/23/index.md)

#  Honduras defeats Brazil in a soccer match by final result of 2-0.




### Related:

1. [Egyptian prosecutors begin investigating yesterday's incident where an Italian cruise liner smashed into a dock at Sharm el-Sheikh during severe weather conditions, killing sailors from Brazil, Honduras and India and injuring several passengers. ](/news/2010/02/27/egyptian-prosecutors-begin-investigating-yesterday-s-incident-where-an-italian-cruise-liner-smashed-into-a-dock-at-sharm-el-sheikh-during-se.md) _Context: Brazil, Honduras_
2. [ The "de facto" regime in Honduras files suit with the International Court of Justice over Brazil's continued harbouring of exiled president Manuel Zelaya in its Tegucigalpa embassy. ](/news/2009/10/29/the-de-facto-regime-in-honduras-files-suit-with-the-international-court-of-justice-over-brazil-s-continued-harbouring-of-exiled-president.md) _Context: Brazil, Honduras_
3. [ Honduras issues a 10-day deadline to Brazil asking it to decide the status of deposed President Manuel Zelaya, who is residing in its embassy in the capital Tegucigalpa. ](/news/2009/09/27/honduras-issues-a-10-day-deadline-to-brazil-asking-it-to-decide-the-status-of-deposed-president-manuel-zelaya-who-is-residing-in-its-embas.md) _Context: Brazil, Honduras_
4. [ Honduran soldiers break up protests outside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa in support of deposed President Manuel Zelaya, who is staying inside. ](/news/2009/09/22/honduran-soldiers-break-up-protests-outside-the-brazilian-embassy-in-tegucigalpa-in-support-of-deposed-president-manuel-zelaya-who-is-stay.md) _Context: Brazil, Honduras_
5. [Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic-m.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at-least-ten-lives.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Four people, including a pregnant woman, are killed and dozens injured when a rush of fans try to enter an already-at-capacity Tiburcio Caras Andino Stadium before the Honduran Clausura final in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. Police are investigating possible overselling of tickets. ](/news/2017/05/28/four-people-including-a-pregnant-woman-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-when-a-rush-of-fans-try-to-enter-an-already-at-capacity-tiburcio-cari.md) _Context: Honduras_
