### [2015-07-1](/news/2015/07/1/index.md)

# Shells fired by Houthi forces have killed at least 18 people near the southern port city of Aden, meanwhile United Nations officials have warned that a deadly dengue fever outbreak is rapidly gaining pace in the war-torn country. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/01/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN0PB54N20150701?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [An air-strike by the Saudi-led coalition on the southern port city of Aden kills at least 30 people. It is unclear how many of the dead are civilians or Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/07/6/an-air-strike-by-the-saudi-led-coalition-on-the-southern-port-city-of-aden-kills-at-least-30-people-it-is-unclear-how-many-of-the-dead-are.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, United Nations_
3. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Government forces and their allies, including troops from a Saudi Arabian-led coalition, capture the town of Sirwah, the last outpost of Houthi militants in the key Marib province. ](/news/2015/10/8/government-forces-and-their-allies-including-troops-from-a-saudi-arabian-led-coalition-capture-the-town-of-sirwah-the-last-outpost-of-hou.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. ](/news/2015/10/5/fighting-rages-between-houthi-militants-and-hadi-loyalists-backed-by-saudi-led-coalition-forces-along-yemen-s-red-sea-coast-for-control-over.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Rockets fired by Houthi forces reportedly kill 14 people in city of Taiz, southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/10/21/rockets-fired-by-houthi-forces-reportedly-kill-14-people-in-city-of-taiz-southwestern-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
