### [2015-07-1](/news/2015/07/1/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency: Militants launch attacks on Egyptian Armed Forces checkpoints in North Sinai, leaving dozens of security personnel and insurgents killed. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the assaults. 

At least 60 Egyptian soldiers were on Wednesday killed as heavily-armed IS militants launched a wave of simultaneous attacks on army checkpoints, including three suicide bombings, in one of the biggest assaults in the restive Sinai Peninsula.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_EGYPT_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/ISIS-suicide-bombers-attack-army-checkpoints-in-Egypt-60-killed/articleshow/47896781.cms)

### Related:

1. [A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves  at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-personnel-and-15-t.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
2. [The Egyptian Armed Forces claim that an offensive against ISIS militants in northern Sinai over the past week has killed at least 164 insurgents with the loss of eight troops. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-egyptian-armed-forces-claim-that-an-offensive-against-isis-militants-in-northern-sinai-over-the-past-week-has-killed-at-least-164-insurg.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
3. [At least 13 Egyptian policemen are killed after a security checkpoint in the city of Arish, North Sinai Governorate, came under attack by militants. Ambulances were reportedly subjected to heavy gunfire as they attempted to reach the wounded. The Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/19/at-least-13-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-after-a-security-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate-came-under-attack-by-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
5. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-successful-raids-on-te.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Sinai insurgency_
7. [  A shell kills a woman and her two children as fighting continues on the Sinai Peninsula between the Egyptian Army and Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-shell-kills-a-woman-and-her-two-children-as-fighting-continues-on-the-sinai-peninsula-between-the-egyptian-army-and-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
8. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt vows to continue an offensive on the Sinai Peninsula until ISIL militants have been removed. A hundred people have been killed in fighting in the past two days. ](/news/2015/07/2/sinai-insurgency-egypt-vows-to-continue-an-offensive-on-the-sinai-peninsula-until-isil-militants-have-been-removed-a-hundred-people-have-b.md) _Context: July 2015 Sinai attacks, Sinai insurgency_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean,  just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean-just-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Islamic State, Sinai insurgency_
10. [Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish-the-provincial-ca.md) _Context: North Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
