### [2015-07-1](/news/2015/07/1/index.md)

# The death toll from yesterday's crash in the Indonesian city of Medan rises to 141. 

Rescue workers still searching for victims on the ground after Hercules military aircraft crashed into Sumatran city of Medan


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/01/indonesia-plane-crash-death-toll-144-investigation-begins)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/fdbf78d976fa989771c3a04313f3000197abd456/0_60_3360_2017/master/3360.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=8e2974bb24be243378a086c4305c7b02)

### Related:

1. [A Hercules C-130 military aircraft with 113 people onboard crashes in a residential area in the Indonesian city of Medan, resulting in at least 116 deaths. ](/news/2015/06/30/a-hercules-c-130-military-aircraft-with-113-people-onboard-crashes-in-a-residential-area-in-the-indonesian-city-of-medan-resulting-in-at-le.md) _Context: Indonesia, Medan_
2. [ A fire at a nightclub in the North Sumatra capital of Medan, Indonesia, kills at least 20 people. ](/news/2009/12/4/a-fire-at-a-nightclub-in-the-north-sumatra-capital-of-medan-indonesia-kills-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Indonesia, Medan_
3. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
4. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
