### [2010-04-16](/news/2010/04/16/index.md)

# Senior red-shirt leader Arisman Pongruangrong climbs down a rope to escape an arrest attempt by Thai security forces laying siege to Thaksin Shinawatra's SC Park Hotel in Bangkok. He urges protesters to leave Ratchaprasong "to avoid being used as human shields". 

An anti-government protest leader has evaded arrest in Thailand by scaling down a hotel fa&ccedil;ade with a rope and escaping in a getaway car while &#034;Red Shirt&#034; supporters took two police officers hostage.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/04/201041642159766.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8624218.stm)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/thailand/7596362/Thai-Red-Shirt-leader-in-dramatic-hotel-escape.html)
4. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/asia/article7099337.ece)
4. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01617/ArismanPongruangro_1617376a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
2. [ More than 5,000 Royal Police are deployed to Bangkok, Thailand, as supporters of deposed Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra protest. ](/news/2009/01/31/more-than-5-000-royal-police-are-deployed-to-bangkok-thailand-as-supporters-of-deposed-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-protest.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
3. [ Thailand summons the Singaporean ambassador to Bangkok to protest about a visit made by former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra, deposed in the 2006 Thai coup d'tat, to Singapore. Thaksin was able to meet the Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister, S Jayakumar, but Singapore played down the meeting as "purely social and private". ](/news/2007/01/16/thailand-summons-the-singaporean-ambassador-to-bangkok-to-protest-about-a-visit-made-by-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-thaksin-shinawatr.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
4. [ A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawat.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
5. [ Tens of thousands of protesters in Bangkok demand the resignation of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra of Thailand. ](/news/2006/03/5/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-in-bangkok-demand-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-of-thailand.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
6. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Thai, Thaksin Shinawatra_
7. [A Thai military court commences the trial of two Uighurs from the People's Republic of China with the bombing of a popular shrine in Bangkok that killed 20 people. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-thai-military-court-commences-the-trial-of-two-uighurs-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-with-the-bombing-of-a-popular-shrine-in-bangkok.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
8. [More than 60 people are hospitalized after an engine explodes on a crowded Bangkok, Thailand, commuter boat. Police suspect a liquefied natural gas leak caused the blast. The boat operator has been ordered to use diesel fuel only on its 25-boat fleet. ](/news/2016/03/5/more-than-60-people-are-hospitalized-after-an-engine-explodes-on-a-crowded-bangkok-thailand-commuter-boat-police-suspect-a-liquefied-natu.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
9. [Siam Commercial Bank reports eight people were killed and seven others injured in the basement of its Bangkok, Thailand, headquarters during an upgrade of the building's fire safety system Sunday evening. It appears that workers mistakenly activated a system that released pyrogen, a chemical that deprives a fire of oxygen. ](/news/2016/03/14/siam-commercial-bank-reports-eight-people-were-killed-and-seven-others-injured-in-the-basement-of-its-bangkok-thailand-headquarters-during.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
10. [A bolide or meteor fireball explodes over the Thai city of Bangkok. ](/news/2015/09/7/a-bolide-or-meteor-fireball-explodes-over-the-thai-city-of-bangkok.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
