### [2012-06-5](/news/2012/06/5/index.md)

# Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for the gubernatorial and Wisconsin Senate recall election with incumbent governor Scott Walker retaining his office, and the Democrats control of the state Senate. 

RACINE &mdash; In a crucial election that swings control of the state Senate to the Democrats, Racine County appeared to have ousted current state Sen. Van Wanggaard Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gfznn-et4_9kLIqa1wT07vn4cQGQ?docId=bf43d4fe9a094302871c3d69ea55bafc)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57447954-503544/wisconsin-recall-walker-opens-slight-lead-as-votes-are-counted/)
3. [Journal Times](http://www.journaltimes.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/elections/as-republicans-see-victory-wanggaard-in-razor-thin-lead-over/article_90a8c3ae-af76-11e1-ba46-0019bb2963f4.html)
4. [Madison.com](http://host.madison.com/ct/news/local/govt-and-politics/politiscope/madison-politiscope-democrats-claim-the-state-senate---does/article_debae2ee-afa2-11e1-803d-0019bb2963f4.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Scott Walker, the Governor of Wisconsin, announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/07/13/united-states-presidential-election-2016-scott-walker-the-governor-of-wisconsin-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-n.md) _Context: Scott Walker, Wisconsin_
2. [President Trump's Executive Orders. As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/president-trump-s-executive-orders-as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requ.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
3. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
4. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
5. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
8. [2016 Milwaukee riots. Violence breaks out in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, following a fatal police shooting of a 23-year-old male criminal armed with a handgun earlier in the day. The Milwaukee Police Department says an officer was injured after being struck in the head by a brick, while a police car and gas station were set on fire. ](/news/2016/08/13/2016-milwaukee-riots-violence-breaks-out-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-following-a-fatal-police-shooting-of-a-23-year-old-male-criminal-armed-wi.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
10. [Democratic Party presidential debates, 2016. Protesters demanding a $15 minimum wage stormed the venue in front of local and national media prior to the start of the sixth debate, this one between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/02/11/democratic-party-presidential-debates-2016-protesters-demanding-a-15-minimum-wage-stormed-the-venue-in-front-of-local-and-national-media.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
