
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/01/9/enron-corporation-former-assistant-treasurer-lea-fastow-and-wife-of-andrew-fastow-failed-to-respond-to-a-plea-agreement-by-the-deadline.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/01/9/enron-corporation-former-assistant-treasurer-lea-fastow-and-wife-of-andrew-fastow-failed-to-respond-to-a-plea-agreement-by-the-deadline.json)  [XML](/news/2004/01/9/enron-corporation-former-assistant-treasurer-lea-fastow-and-wife-of-andrew-fastow-failed-to-respond-to-a-plea-agreement-by-the-deadline.xml)  

### [2004-01-9](/news/2004/01/9/index.md)

##### Enron Corporation
#  Enron Corporation: Former Assistant Treasurer Lea Fastow and wife of Andrew Fastow, failed to respond to a plea agreement by the deadline. The offer would have allowed her to plead guilty in federal court to lesser charges and serve five months in return for her testimony. Her trial for conspiracy to commit wire fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion is scheduled to start February 10.




### Related:

1. [ Enron Corporation: Former CFO Andrew Fastow and his wife Lea Fastow, former Assistant Treasurer, accept a plea agreement. Andrew Fastow will serve a ten-year prison sentence and forfeit $23.8 million. Lea Fastow will serve a five-month prison sentence and a year of supervised release, including five months of house arrest. Both will provide testimony against other Enron corporate officers.](/news/2004/01/14/enron-corporation-former-cfo-andrew-fastow-and-his-wife-lea-fastow-former-assistant-treasurer-accept-a-plea-agreement-andrew-fastow-wil.md) _Context: Andrew Fastow, Enron Corporation, Lea Fastow, plea agreement_
2. [Andrew Fastow, the former Chief Financial Officer of Enron Corp., now in the custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons with a release date of December 17, 2011, moves to a half-way house in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2011/05/18/andrew-fastow-the-former-chief-financial-officer-of-enron-corp-now-in-the-custody-of-the-federal-bureau-of-prisons-with-a-release-date-of.md) _Context: Andrew Fastow_
3. [ Ken Lay, former chairman of the board of defunct Enron Corporation, took the stand in his own defense in his criminal trial in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2006/04/24/ken-lay-former-chairman-of-the-board-of-defunct-enron-corporation-took-the-stand-in-his-own-defense-in-his-criminal-trial-in-houston-tex.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
4. [ Judge Robert E. Jones of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon sentenced Ahmed Bilal to 10 years in prison, his brother Muhammad Bilal to eight years in prison, and Mike Hawash to seven years in prison. The three are the last of the Portland Seven to be sentenced; the group of Muslim men from the Portland, Oregon area were convicted of attempting to enter Afghanistan to join the Taliban&nbsp;- are sentenced to prison. The Bilal brothers had pled guilty to conspiracy to aid the Taliban and to federal weapons charges on September 18, 2003, and Hawash has pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges on August 6. The three has entered into a plea agreement with the Justice Department and has cooperated with the government in its investigation.](/news/2004/02/9/judge-robert-e-jones-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-oregon-sentenced-ahmed-bilal-to-10-years-in-prison-his-broth.md) _Context: plea agreement_
5. [ Enron Corporation: Richard Causey, former chief accounting officer was indicted in Houston, Texas, on federal charges of securities fraud and conspiracy for his role in masking Enron's faltering fiscal health in late 2001. He has pled not guilty.](/news/2004/01/22/enron-corporation-richard-causey-former-chief-accounting-officer-was-indicted-in-houston-texas-on-federal-charges-of-securities-fraud-a.md) _Context: Enron Corporation_
