### [2011-07-20](/news/2011/07/20/index.md)

# British artist Lucian Freud dies at his home in London following a brief illness. 

Mr. Freud, a grandson of Sigmund Freud, was called “the greatest living realist painter” by one art critic in the late 1980s.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/07/22/arts/lucian-freud-adept-portraiture-artist-dies-at-88.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britons, London_
2. [British singer Harry Styles, with the boy band One Direction, wins a limited ban on stalking in a London court case against paparazzi regarding the privacy rights of celebrities. ](/news/2013/12/17/british-singer-harry-styles-with-the-boy-band-one-direction-wins-a-limited-ban-on-stalking-in-a-london-court-case-against-paparazzi-regard.md) _Context: Britons, London_
3. [The 2012 BRIT Awards for British popular music are held in O2 Arena in London with Adele, One Direction, Ed Sheeran and Coldplay among the winners. ](/news/2012/02/21/the-2012-brit-awards-for-british-popular-music-are-held-in-o2-arena-in-london-with-adele-one-direction-ed-sheeran-and-coldplay-among-the-w.md) _Context: Britons, London_
4. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
5. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
6. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
7. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
8. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
9. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: London_
10. [At least one person is dead and several injured as a result of a knife attack in London's Russell Square. ](/news/2016/08/3/at-least-one-person-is-dead-and-several-injured-as-a-result-of-a-knife-attack-in-london-s-russell-square.md) _Context: London_
