### [2011-07-20](/news/2011/07/20/index.md)

# News International phone hacking scandal:The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the ''News of the World'' at the time of the phone hacking affair. 

MPs accuse the Met Police of a &quot;catalogue of failures&quot; over phone hacking, as the prime minister makes a statement to the Commons.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14212485)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-14212954)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/20/us-newscorp-idUSTRE76H07P20110720?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FtopNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+Top+News%29)

### Related:

1. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tablo.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World, Prime Minster, phone hacking affair_
3. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: British Parliament, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: British Parliament, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
5. [Victims of press intrusion launch an online campaign to urge British Prime Minister David Cameron to fully implement the recommendations of the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/11/30/victims-of-press-intrusion-launch-an-online-campaign-to-urge-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-fully-implement-the-recommendations-of.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
7. [Andy Coulson, former director of communications for British Prime Minister David Cameron, is detained for questioning by police investigating claims of perjury. ](/news/2012/05/30/andy-coulson-former-director-of-communications-for-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-is-detained-for-questioning-by-police-investigatin.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
8. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [''News of the World'':Former editor of the ''News of the World'', Andy Coulson, is arrested for questioning due to alleged involvement in a phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/8/news-of-the-world-pformer-editor-of-the-news-of-the-world-andy-coulson-is-arrested-for-questioning-due-to-alleged-involvement-in-a.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, phone hacking affair_
10. [News International scandal:David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, cuts short a tour of Africa due to the News of the World phone hacking affair inquiry. ](/news/2011/07/18/news-international-scandal-pdavid-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-cuts-short-a-tour-of-africa-due-to-the-news-of-the-worl.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster, phone hacking affair_
