### [2016-12-18](/news/2016/12/18/index.md)

# Stephanie Del Valle of Puerto Rico is named as Miss World 2016. 

Stephanie Del Valle of Puerto Rico was crowned Miss World 2016 on Sunday, edging out runners-up from the Dominican Republic and Indonesia winning the top prize in the 66th edition of the pageant held this year in the United States.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/19/miss-world-2016-puerto-ricos-stephanie-del-valle-wins/)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
2. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
3. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
4. [The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority announces it has fined Bank of America Merrill Lynch $7 million for failure to supervise the use of leverage in its brokerage accounts, especially in connection with Puerto Rico municipal bonds. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-announces-it-has-fined-bank-of-america-merrill-lynch-7-million-for-failure-to-supervise-the-use.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
5. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [The Governor of Puerto Rico authorizes the suspension of payments on the general obligation debt of that commonwealth, assuring a default on the $1.9 billion of debt payments due the following day. ](/news/2016/06/30/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-authorizes-the-suspension-of-payments-on-the-general-obligation-debt-of-that-commonwealth-assuring-a-default-on.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
7. [Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-cheating-program-the-breakdown.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
8. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
