### [2003-10-17](/news/2003/10/17/index.md)

#  Carlos Mesa is sworn in as the President of Bolivia, after former president Gonzalo Snchez de Lozada was forced to resign as protests and strikes escalated in the Bolivian Gas War.




### Related:

1. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia's chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for "contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts." Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-boliviaas-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: Bolivian Gas War, President of Bolivia_
2. [ Newly elected President Evo Morales orders the nationalization of Bolivia's gas industry. This process is a result of his plan to nationalize major industries, he said in his election campaign. Further nationalizations are planned in forestry and mining. ](/news/2006/05/2/newly-elected-president-evo-morales-orders-the-nationalization-of-bolivia-s-gas-industry-this-process-is-a-result-of-his-plan-to-nationali.md) _Context: Bolivian Gas War, President of Bolivia_
3. [ Bolivian Gas War: President Evo Morales has signed a decree nationalising the nation's natural gas industry, instructing foreign energy firms to channel their activities through the Bolivian government within a six-month deadline or face expulsion, and ordering the Bolivian military to occupy and secure key energy installations. ](/news/2006/05/1/bolivian-gas-war-president-evo-morales-has-signed-a-decree-nationalising-the-nation-s-natural-gas-industry-instructing-foreign-energy-fir.md) _Context: Bolivian Gas War, President of Bolivia_
4. [ Bolivian President Carlos Mesa announces his resignation, effective Monday. ](/news/2005/03/6/bolivian-president-carlos-mesa-announces-his-resignation-effective-monday.md) _Context: Carlos Mesa, President of Bolivia_
5. [ Bolivian Gas War: In a televised speech, Bolivian President Carlos Mesa announces that a national referendum will be held on 28 March to resolve the issue of how Bolivia's large natural gas reserves will be exploited.](/news/2004/01/4/bolivian-gas-war-in-a-televised-speech-bolivian-president-carlos-mesa-announces-that-a-national-referendum-will-be-held-on-28-march-to-re.md) _Context: Bolivian Gas War, Carlos Mesa_
6. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan holds talks with Bolivia's President Carlos Mesa, Cabinet, indigenous leaders, and local UN staff during the final leg of his South American tour. The visit came several weeks after the tumultuous Bolivian Gas War forced the previous president out of office.](/news/2003/11/13/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-holds-talks-with-bolivia-s-president-carlos-mesa-cabinet-indigenous-leaders-and-local-un-sta.md) _Context: Bolivian Gas War, Carlos Mesa_
7. [The President of Bolivia Evo Morales declares a national emergency due to water shortages caused by a drought. ](/news/2016/11/21/the-president-of-bolivia-evo-morales-declares-a-national-emergency-due-to-water-shortages-caused-by-a-drought.md) _Context: President of Bolivia_
8. [According to exit polls, Bolivian voters reject a constitutional amendment that would have permitted President Evo Morales to stand for a fourth term in office. His current term expires in 2020. ](/news/2016/02/21/according-to-exit-polls-bolivian-voters-reject-a-constitutional-amendment-that-would-have-permitted-president-evo-morales-to-stand-for-a-fo.md) _Context: President of Bolivia_
9. [Bolivia's Plurinational Legislative Assembly passes legislation that would amend the constitution removing term limits for the President if passed in a referendum next year. ](/news/2015/09/26/bolivia-s-plurinational-legislative-assembly-passes-legislation-that-would-amend-the-constitution-removing-term-limits-for-the-president-if.md) _Context: President of Bolivia_
10. [Voters in Bolivia go to the polls for a general election with incumbent President Evo Morales winning in a landslide with 60 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2014/10/12/voters-in-bolivia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-incumbent-president-evo-morales-winning-in-a-landslide-with-60-per-cent-of-the.md) _Context: President of Bolivia_
