
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/03/1/an-alleged-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-pri.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/03/1/an-alleged-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-pri.json)  [XML](/news/2018/03/1/an-alleged-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-pri.xml)  

### [2018-03-1](/news/2018/03/1/index.md)

##### Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections
# An alleged Senate Intelligence Committee report states that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman, concerning an attempt to contact Christopher Steele, author of the Trump-Russia dossier. Committee chairman Richard Burr later denied the leak report. 

In an extraordinary confrontation, the bipartisan leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee told the House speaker that his troops had leaked a senator’s texts with a Russia-connected lawyer.


### Sources:

1. [Slate](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2018/03/momentum-builds-to-can-devin-nunes-from-house-intel-role.html)
2. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/376265-senate-intelligence-committee-concludes-house-republicans-leaked-warner-texts)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/01/us/politics/senate-intelligence-nunes-leaks.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2018/03/01/us/politics/01-jp-dc-intel-print/01dc-intel-facebookJumbo.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [ A Senate Intelligence Committee report says that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman. Committee chairman Richard Burr denies this information, first published by the "The New York Times". ](/news/2018/03/1/a-senate-intelligence-committee-report-says-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-private-text.md) _2018-03-01 23:30:07 (First version)_
2. [A Senate Intelligence Committee report says that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman, concerning an attempt to contact Christopher Steele, author of the Trump-Russia dossier. Committee chairman Richard Burr later denied the leak report, first published by the "The New York Times". ](/news/2018/03/1/a-senate-intelligence-committee-report-says-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-private-text-m.md) _2018-03-02 06:30:06 (Update)_
3. [A Senate Intelligence Committee report states that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman, concerning an attempt to contact Christopher Steele, author of the Trump-Russia dossier. Committee chairman Richard Burr later denied the leak report. ](/news/2018/03/1/a-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-private-text.md) _2018-03-03 15:30:06 (Update)_
4. [A alleged Senate Intelligence Committee report states that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman, concerning an attempt to contact Christopher Steele, author of the Trump-Russia dossier. Committee chairman Richard Burr later denied the leak report. ](/news/2018/03/1/a-alleged-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-priv.md) _2018-03-04 17:30:06 (Update)_
4. [An alleged Senate Intelligence Committee report states that a House Intelligence Committee Republican was behind the leak to Fox News of private text messages between a Russian-connected lawyer and Senator Mark Warner, the committee vice-chairman, concerning an attempt to contact Christopher Steele, author of the Trump-Russia dossier. Committee chairman Richard Burr later denied the leak report. ](/news/2018/03/1/an-alleged-senate-intelligence-committee-report-states-that-a-house-intelligence-committee-republican-was-behind-the-leak-to-fox-news-of-pri.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, Senate Intelligence Committee_
2. [Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee announce the end of their Russia investigation, against the objections of Democratic members. According to the investigation's preliminary findings, the 2016 Trump campaign did not collude with the Russian government, and, contrary to the U.S. intelligence community's previous conclusions, Russia did not have a preference for Donald Trump as a presidential candidate. ](/news/2018/03/12/republicans-on-the-house-intelligence-committee-announce-the-end-of-their-russia-investigation-against-the-objections-of-democratic-members.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
3. [Russia wants YouTube and Instagram to remove videos posted by Alexey Navalny, a prominent opposition figure, describing his investigation into Oleg Deripaska, a Russian billionaire, with bribing Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Prikhodko and offering information about the 2016 U.S. election he had received from Paul Manafort. ](/news/2018/02/13/russia-wants-youtube-and-instagram-to-remove-videos-posted-by-alexey-navalny-a-prominent-opposition-figure-describing-his-investigation-in.md) _Context: Russia, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Senators Chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham of the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary refer the British spy Christopher Steele to the U.S. Department of Justice for a potential criminal investigation. ](/news/2018/01/5/senators-chuck-grassley-and-lindsey-graham-of-the-united-states-senate-committee-on-the-judiciary-refer-the-british-spy-christopher-steele-t.md) _Context: Christopher Steele, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: House Intelligence Committee, Senate Intelligence Committee_
