### [2008-07-29](/news/2008/07/29/index.md)

#  A 5.4 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Los Angeles, California, area, about two miles (3 km) southwest of Chino Hills. The earthquake is felt from Los Angeles to San Diego and more slightly in Las Vegas, Nevada. 




### Source:

1. [AP via WFAA](http://www.wfaa.com/sharedcontent/dws/wfaa/latestnews/stories/wfaa080729_wz_caliquake.14ac10c4.html)
2. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsus/Quakes/ci14383980.php)

### Related:

1. [One person is killed and seven are injured in a shooting at a pool party in San Diego, California. The suspect is killed by police. ](/news/2017/04/30/one-person-is-killed-and-seven-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-a-pool-party-in-san-diego-california-the-suspect-is-killed-by-police.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
2. [A pickup truck hurls off San Diego, California's Coronado Bridge, plummets some 60 feet, and crashes onto a park where hundreds of people had gathered for a motorcycle rally, killing four people in a vendor's booth and injuring eight others. ](/news/2016/10/15/a-pickup-truck-hurls-off-san-diego-california-s-coronado-bridge-plummets-some-60-feet-and-crashes-onto-a-park-where-hundreds-of-people-ha.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
3. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a  21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-v.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
4. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
5. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
6. [Cross Border Xpress, a privately owned and operated airport terminal located in the Otay Mesa suburb of San Diego, California, United States, will open tomorrow with a connecting walkway to Tijuana International Airport in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. This facility, the final step of a project first proposed in the early 1990s, will be just the second cross-border airport in the world.   U.S. Customs will operate a checkpoint on the bridge for those entering the country. ](/news/2015/12/8/cross-border-xpress-a-privately-owned-and-operated-airport-terminal-located-in-the-otay-mesa-suburb-of-san-diego-california-united-states.md) _Context: California, San Diego_
7. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
8. [Rafe Esquith, a notable teacher in the Los Angeles, California, public school system files a $1 billion class action lawsuit against the LA Unified School District. Esquith, recently removed from teaching and subsequently fired, alleges on behalf of almost 2,000 individuals, certain age-discrimination tactics by the school system against older teachers. ](/news/2015/10/16/rafe-esquith-a-notable-teacher-in-the-los-angeles-california-public-school-system-files-a-1-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-the-la.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
9. [Former NFL player Darren Sharper pleads guilty in a Maricopa County, Arizona courtroom to raping two women after spiking their drinks at a Tempe apartment in November 2013, and the court sentences him to nine years in prison. Sharper has also been indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women in the U.S. states of California, Louisiana, and Nevada. ](/news/2015/03/23/former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-pleads-guilty-in-a-maricopa-county-arizona-courtroom-to-raping-two-women-after-spiking-their-drinks-at-a-t.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
10. [A shooting and stabbing kills one person and wounds 5 others at a BET party held in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, U.S. ](/news/2014/06/29/a-shooting-and-stabbing-kills-one-person-and-wounds-5-others-at-a-bet-party-held-in-hollywood-los-angeles-california-u-s.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
