### [2008-07-29](/news/2008/07/29/index.md)

#  President of the United States George W. Bush approves the execution of Army Private Ronald A. Gray, who was convicted in 1988 of multiple rapes and murders. It is the first American military execution approved since 1961. Further appeals are expected before he is executed. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.softonlinesoft.com/vb)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: United States Army, United States President_
2. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: United States Army, United States President_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: United States Army, United States President_
4. [Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in-davao-city.md) _Context: murder, rape_
5. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine  Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indig.md) _Context: murder, rape_
6. [An indigenous Lumad child dies in an evacuation center while the Philippine Senate investigates the alleged September 1 murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the alleged rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army. ](/news/2015/09/10/an-indigenous-lumad-child-dies-in-an-evacuation-center-while-the-philippine-senate-investigates-the-alleged-september-1-murders-of-an-indige.md) _Context: murder, rape_
7. [3000 indigenous Lumad evacuate over the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl allegedly by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army. ](/news/2015/09/1/3000-indigenous-lumad-evacuate-over-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indigenous-manobo-girl-allegedly-by-soldier.md) _Context: murder, rape_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
9. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
