### [2006-12-3](/news/2006/12/3/index.md)

#  Russia wins the 2006 Davis Cup after a 3-2 victory over Argentina 




### Source:

1. [BBC Sport](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/tennis/6203988.stm)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
2. [GTA gang. Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
3. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
4. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [2017 disasters in Russia. At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-disasters-in-russia-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Crime in Argentina. A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/crime-in-argentina-a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-o.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [Russian presidential election, 2018. Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is formally barred by the Central Election Commission from his running in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/06/23/russian-presidential-election-2018-russian-opposition-leader-alexei-navalny-is-formally-barred-by-the-central-election-commission-from-his.md) _Context: Russia_
