### [2006-12-3](/news/2006/12/3/index.md)

#  Venezuela holds elections, with incumbent president Hugo Chvez facing a challenge from Manuel Rosales, Governor of the western state of Zulia. With 78% of votes counted by the National Electoral Council, Chvez wins with 61% over 38% for Rosales. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-12-04T021305Z_01_N29379032_RTRUKOC_0_US-VENEZUELA-ELECTION.xml)

### Related:

1. [ The Venezuelan opposition selects Manuel Rosales, governor of Zulia State, as its unity candidate for the December presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/9/the-venezuelan-opposition-selects-manuel-rosales-governor-of-zulia-state-as-its-unity-candidate-for-the-december-presidential-election.md) _Context: Manuel Rosales, Venezuela, Zulia, holds elections_
2. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, President, Venezuela_
3. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatur.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, President, Venezuela_
4. [After many delays, Venezuela's electoral council releases petition sheets to the opposition alliance that wants to initiate a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro. Within three days, the petitioners need to collect about 200,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) before proceeding to the next step, the collection of 20 million signatures to get the referendum on the ballot. ](/news/2016/04/26/after-many-delays-venezuela-s-electoral-council-releases-petition-sheets-to-the-opposition-alliance-that-wants-to-initiate-a-recall-referen.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, President, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces  the  opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least  99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The  previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, President, Venezuela_
6. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez returns home after undergoing cancer surgery in Cuba. ](/news/2013/02/18/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-returns-home-after-undergoing-cancer-surgery-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, Venezuela_
7. [The President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez speaks on Venezuelan television that he is fighting cancer in Cuba. ](/news/2011/06/30/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-speaks-on-venezuelan-television-that-he-is-fighting-cancer-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, Venezuela_
8. [Three Venezuelan hunger strikers are hospitalised after calling for an international probe into alleged human rights abuses by the President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez. ](/news/2011/02/21/three-venezuelan-hunger-strikers-are-hospitalised-after-calling-for-an-international-probe-into-alleged-human-rights-abuses-by-the-president.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, Venezuela_
9. [ Thousands of people attend rival demonstrations for or against the policies of Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez in Venezuela, Spain, Honduras and in other Latin American capitals. ](/news/2009/09/5/thousands-of-people-attend-rival-demonstrations-for-or-against-the-policies-of-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-in-venezuela-spain-hondur.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, Venezuela_
10. [ The Brazilian Senate condemns Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez for his restrictions on the press, further delaying its Mercosur bid. ](/news/2009/09/4/the-brazilian-senate-condemns-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-for-his-restrictions-on-the-press-further-delaying-its-mercosur-bid.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, Venezuela_
