### [2003-05-25](/news/2003/05/25/index.md)

#  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wins cabinet approval for a peace plan that includes the creation of a Palestinian state by 2005.




### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
2. [More than 150 Israeli university lecturers support a boycott of the University Centre of Samaria in Ariel over concerns of "unbearably harsh conditions" faced by Palestinians living nearby, as well as Ariel being an "illegal settlement" and a roadblock to the establishment of an independent Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/01/10/more-than-150-israeli-university-lecturers-support-a-boycott-of-the-university-centre-of-samaria-in-ariel-over-concerns-of-unbearably-harsh.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian state_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush says Israel must return to its pre-1967 borders to enable the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2008/01/10/u-s-president-george-w-bush-says-israel-must-return-to-its-pre-1967-borders-to-enable-the-establishment-of-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian state_
4. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon undergoes emergency surgery due to digestive problems. His condition is critical. ](/news/2006/02/11/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-undergoes-emergency-surgery-due-to-digestive-problems-his-condition-is-critical.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
5. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
7. [ In Israel, president Moshe Katsav states that he is worried about a possible assassination plot against Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon. ](/news/2005/07/4/in-israel-president-moshe-katsav-states-that-he-is-worried-about-a-possible-assassination-plot-against-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-shar.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
8. [ In Israel, there are reports that Jewish ultranationalists have cast a Pulsa diNura death curse over Ariel Sharon ](/news/2005/07/26/in-israel-there-are-reports-that-jewish-ultranationalists-have-cast-a-pulsa-dinura-death-curse-over-ariel-sharon.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
9. [ In Israel, Omri Sharon, MP and son of Ariel Sharon, is indicted for involvement in illegal campaign contributions, perjury and forging documents. Omri Sharon states that he would give up his parliamentary immunity and stand trial ](/news/2005/07/26/in-israel-omri-sharon-mp-and-son-of-ariel-sharon-is-indicted-for-involvement-in-illegal-campaign-contributions-perjury-and-forging-docu.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
10. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
