### [2014-01-11](/news/2014/01/11/index.md)

# French President Francois Hollande is under pressure after photos of him and actress Julie Gayet appear in a magazine. 

French President Francois Hollande is under pressure to clarify his personal situation, after a magazine report about an alleged secret affair.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25695993)

### Related:

1. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
2. [France-United States relations. French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/france-united-states-relations-french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-ab.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/french-presidential-election-2017-franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [2016 Nice attack. The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/2016-nice-attack-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-a.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legisl.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
8. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
9. [European refugee crisis. The President of France Francois Hollande agrees to take 24,000 refugees out of the estimated 100,000 per month expected to arrive. ](/news/2015/09/7/european-refugee-crisis-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-agrees-to-take-24-000-refugees-out-of-the-estimated-100-000-per-month-ex.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
10. [2015 Thalys attack. The President of France, Francois Hollande, presents the Legion d'honneur to four people, three of them Americans, Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, Anthony Sadler; and Briton Chris Norman, for foiling a suspected terrorist act last Friday. ](/news/2015/08/24/2015-thalys-attack-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-presents-the-la-c-gion-d-honneur-to-four-people-three-of-them-americans-spe.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
