### [2014-01-11](/news/2014/01/11/index.md)

# The United States Air Force expands an illegal drugs investigation involving ten officers in six military bases in the United States and the United Kingdom. 

Ten U.S. Air Force officers are being investigated for alleged illegal drug possession, the Air Force said on Friday, a day after the probe surfaced as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was visiting a base to rally airmen in the U.S. nuclear force.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/11/us-usa-airforce-drugs-idUSBREA0A00620140111)

### Related:

1. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
2. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
3. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom agrees to allow alleged hacker Lauri Love to be extradited to the United States. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-united-kingdom-agrees-to-allow-alleged-hacker-lauri-love-to-be-extradited-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
5. [Threatening robocalls lead to mass evacuation of students in the United States and United Kingdom. None of the threats were found to be credible but disrupted General Certificate of Secondary Education tests in the UK. ](/news/2016/05/23/threatening-robocalls-lead-to-mass-evacuation-of-students-in-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-none-of-the-threats-were-found-to-be-cred.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
6. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the  southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippin.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
9. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
10. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
