### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

#  Capture of Saddam Hussein:. Mowaffaq al-Rubaie says that Saddam Hussein will be tried in Iraq by an Iraqi court. Mowaffaq, a member of the Iraqi Governing Council, denies reports that the prisoner has been taken out of Baghdad. 




### Related:

1. [ Capture of Saddam Hussein: a Jordanian news source claims that Saddam Hussein was drugged and betrayed by his personal bodyguard, General Mohammed Ibrahim Omar al-Muslit, a member of his own family. [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/Iraq/0,6119,2-10-1460_1461125,00.html]](/news/2003/12/18/capture-of-saddam-hussein-a-jordanian-news-source-claims-that-saddam-hussein-was-drugged-and-betrayed-by-his-personal-bodyguard-general-m.md) _Context: Capture of Saddam Hussein, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Capture of Saddam Hussein:. Congressman Jim McDermott suggests that George W. Bush timed the capture of Saddam Hussein for political gain. ](/news/2003/12/16/capture-of-saddam-hussein-congressman-jim-mcdermott-suggests-that-george-w-bush-timed-the-capture-of-saddam-hussein-for-political-gain.md) _Context: Capture of Saddam Hussein, Saddam Hussein_
3. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
4. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
5. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
6. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
7. [Ahead of the Iraqi parliamentary election, 2010, the De-Ba'athification Commission recommends banning the leaders of the Iraqi National Dialogue Front, the Coalition for Iraqi National Unity and 13 other parties for links to Saddam Hussein's banned Ba'ath Party. ](/news/2010/01/10/ahead-of-the-iraqi-parliamentary-election-2010-the-de-ba-athification-commission-recommends-banning-the-leaders-of-the-iraqi-national-dial.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
8. [ A Dutch court hears a case taken by Kurdish survivors of poison gas attacks in Halabja against businessman Frans van Anraat, who sold chemicals to Saddam Hussein during the 1980s. ](/news/2009/12/23/a-dutch-court-hears-a-case-taken-by-kurdish-survivors-of-poison-gas-attacks-in-halabja-against-businessman-frans-van-anraat-who-sold-chemi.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
9. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq bans planned group visits to Saddam Hussein's grave. ](/news/2009/07/7/iraq-bans-planned-group-visits-to-saddam-hussein-s-grave.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
