### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

# Former Governor of Illinois George H. Ryan is indicted on corruption charges for receiving payoffs, gifts and vacations in return for government contracts and leases while he served as the Governor and Secretary of State of Illinois. [http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dallas/politics/national/stories/121703dnnatindict.9f1c0.html]




### Related:

1. [ George H. Ryan, Governor of Illinois, announced that he commuted the sentences of all 157 people on the state of Illinois' Death Row to life in prison. "Our capital system is haunted by the demon of error: error in determining guilt and error in determining who among the guilty deserves to die. What effect was race having? What effect was poverty having? Because of all these reasons, today I am commuting the sentences of all death row inmates", Ryan said. Ryan's term of office expires on January 13.](/news/2003/01/11/george-h-ryan-governor-of-illinois-announced-that-he-commuted-the-sentences-of-all-157-people-on-the-state-of-illinois-death-row-to-lif.md) _Context: George H. Ryan, Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
2. [The former Governor of the US state of Illinois Rod Blagojevich is sentenced to 14 years in jail for corruption. ](/news/2011/12/7/the-former-governor-of-the-us-state-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-is-sentenced-to-14-years-in-jail-for-corruption.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
3. [A jury convicts former Governor of the US state of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on seventeen charges of corruption. ](/news/2011/06/27/a-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-the-us-state-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-seventeen-charges-of-corruption.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
4. [The Governor of the US state of Illinois, Pat Quinn, signs a law banning the death penalty and commutes the sentence of 15 death row prisoners to life without parole. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-illinois-pat-quinn-signs-a-law-banning-the-death-penalty-and-commutes-the-sentence-of-15-death-row-prisone.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
5. [ The House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Illinois votes 114-1 to impeach embattled Governor Rod Blagojevich. ](/news/2009/01/9/the-house-of-representatives-of-the-u-s-state-of-illinois-votes-114a1-to-impeach-embattled-governor-rod-blagojevich.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
6. [ The Illinois Senate votes unanimously to remove Governor Rod Blagojevich from office and bar him from future state employment. Lieutenant Governor Pat Quinn is sworn in to finish Blagojevich's term. ](/news/2009/01/29/the-illinois-senate-votes-unanimously-to-remove-governor-rod-blagojevich-from-office-and-bar-him-from-future-state-employment-lieutenant-g.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
7. [ Despite the corruption scandal surrounding Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, the United States Senate confirms Roland Burris as a member. ](/news/2009/01/15/despite-the-corruption-scandal-surrounding-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-the-united-states-senate-confirms-roland-burris-as-a-member.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
8. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
9. [ Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. ](/news/2008/12/30/illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-appoints-former-democratic-illinois-attorney-general-roland-burris-to-president-elect-barack-obama-s-vaca.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
10. [ The Illinois House of Representatives votes unanimously to begin an impeachment inquiry against Governor Rod Blagojevich for corruption. ](/news/2008/12/16/the-illinois-house-of-representatives-votes-unanimously-to-begin-an-impeachment-inquiry-against-governor-rod-blagojevich-for-corruption.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois_
