### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

#  Ian Huntley and Maxine Carr are convicted for their roles in the August 2002 murders of 10-year-old Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman in the English village of Soham. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/3312551.stm]




### Related:

1. [ The UK Home Office confirms that Maxine Carr, convicted with Ian Huntley concerning the Soham murders of 2001, could be released from prison in the next few days.](/news/2004/02/6/the-uk-home-office-confirms-that-maxine-carr-convicted-with-ian-huntley-concerning-the-soham-murders-of-2001-could-be-released-from-priso.md) _Context: Ian Huntley, Maxine Carr_
2. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: England_
3. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: England_
4. [Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do-not-believe-terrorism-is.md) _Context: England_
5. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: England_
6. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England_
7. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-tho.md) _Context: England_
8. [As many as 200 prisoners take over parts of HM Prison Bedford in Bedford, England, amid reports of a riot and explosions inside the Category B men's prison. ](/news/2016/11/6/as-many-as-200-prisoners-take-over-parts-of-hm-prison-bedford-in-bedford-england-amid-reports-of-a-riot-and-explosions-inside-the-category.md) _Context: England_
9. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: England_
10. [A fire destroys the historic Royal Clarence Hotel in Exeter, Devon, which is described as the oldest hotel in England. ](/news/2016/10/28/a-fire-destroys-the-historic-royal-clarence-hotel-in-exeter-devon-which-is-described-as-the-oldest-hotel-in-england.md) _Context: England_
