### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

# Islam in France: the "hidjab" issue: President of France Jacques Chirac announces that he will support a ban on the wearing of Muslim headscarves, Jewish yarmulkes and large Christian crosses in schools and government offices. If passed, the law will come into effect in September 2004. Muslim clerics counter that the ban is an attack on their religion. 




### Related:

1. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
2. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
3. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
4. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
5. [2011 Egyptian revolution:. Muslim mobs attack Christian protesters calling for the Egyptian government to take action to reduce religious tensions in Cairo; 65 people are injured. ](/news/2011/05/15/2011-egyptian-revolution-muslim-mobs-attack-christian-protesters-calling-for-the-egyptian-government-to-take-action-to-reduce-religious-te.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
6. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
7. [Community leaders in Plateau State, Nigeria, appeal for calm following attacks by Muslim Hausa-Fulani against a Christian village near the city of Jos. ](/news/2010/10/30/community-leaders-in-plateau-state-nigeria-appeal-for-calm-following-attacks-by-muslim-hausa-fulani-against-a-christian-village-near-the-c.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
8. [Nigeria recalls its ambassador to Libya after Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi suggests the country be partitioned into two separate Christian and Muslim nations. ](/news/2010/03/18/nigeria-recalls-its-ambassador-to-libya-after-libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-suggests-the-country-be-partitioned-into-two-separate-christi.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
9. [ Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. ](/news/2009/10/30/former-french-president-jacques-chirac-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
10. [ Former President of France Jacques Chirac is probed by a judge for alleged embezzlement of public funds when he was Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-probed-by-a-judge-for-alleged-embezzlement-of-public-funds-when-he-was-mayor-of-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
