### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

# Republic of Congo: A gunbattle breaks out in Brazzaville.[http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20031217/ap_on_re_af/republic_of_congo_fighting]




### Related:

1. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Brazzaville_
2. [The Republic of Congo bans full face-veils in an apparent attempt to prevent religious extremist attacks. ](/news/2015/05/2/the-republic-of-congo-bans-full-face-veils-in-an-apparent-attempt-to-prevent-religious-extremist-attacks.md) _Context: Republic of Congo_
3. [An Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane belonging to Aero-Service, flying from Pointe Noire to Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, crashes into houses near Maya-Maya Airport during a thunderstorm. Congolese Red Cross officials say at least 32 people are confirmed dead in the crash, including six crew members and a police officer on board, as the search for victims continues. ](/news/2012/11/30/an-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-belonging-to-aa-c-ro-service-flying-from-pointe-noire-to-brazzaville-capital-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-cra.md) _Context: Brazzaville_
4. [2012 Brazzaville arms dump blasts: A series of explosions is reported at a munitions dump in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo, with at least 250 people dead. ](/news/2012/03/4/2012-brazzaville-arms-dump-blasts-a-series-of-explosions-is-reported-at-a-munitions-dump-in-brazzaville-the-capital-of-the-republic-of-the.md) _Context: Brazzaville_
5. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo recalls its ambassador to the Republic of Congo in connection with a raid on President Joseph Kabila's home in Kinshasa. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-recalls-its-ambassador-to-the-republic-of-congo-in-connection-with-a-raid-on-president-joseph-kabila-s.md) _Context: Republic of Congo_
6. [2011 Pointe-Noire Trans Air Congo An-12 crash. At least twenty-three people die after a cargo plane crashes into Pointe-Noire in the Republic of Congo. ](/news/2011/03/21/2011-pointe-noire-trans-air-congo-an-12-crash-at-least-twenty-three-people-die-after-a-cargo-plane-crashes-into-pointe-noire-in-the-republi.md) _Context: Republic of Congo_
7. [At least 60 people are killed and hundreds disappear after a derailed train plunges into a ravine in the Republic of the Congo. The accident happened after the train left the coastal town of Pointe-Noire on the Chemin de Fer Congo Ocean (CFCO) line to the capital Brazzaville. ](/news/2010/06/22/at-least-60-people-are-killed-and-hundreds-disappear-after-a-derailed-train-plunges-into-a-ravine-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-the-accident.md) _Context: Brazzaville_
8. [ Former Republic of the Congo rebel leader Pastor Ntumi returns to Brazzaville to take up a post as a junior minister. ](/news/2007/09/10/former-republic-of-the-congo-rebel-leader-pastor-ntumi-returns-to-brazzaville-to-take-up-a-post-as-a-junior-minister.md) _Context: Brazzaville_
9. [ Scientists in Gabon and the Republic of Congo discover that three species of fruit bat serve as animal reservoirs for the Ebola virus. The virus probably first spread from animal to human in 1976 by local hunters eating the bats. ](/news/2005/12/2/scientists-in-gabon-and-the-republic-of-congo-discover-that-three-species-of-fruit-bat-serve-as-animal-reservoirs-for-the-ebola-virus-the.md) _Context: Republic of Congo_
10. [ In the Republic of Congo, trial of sixteen military and security officer begins. They are accused of killing 353. refugees who disappeared 1999 in the so-called Beach case. ](/news/2005/07/21/in-the-republic-of-congo-trial-of-sixteen-military-and-security-officer-begins-they-are-accused-of-killing-353-refugees-who-disappeared.md) _Context: Republic of Congo_
