### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

#  Stephen Kenny, the first civilian lawyer to visit any of the former Afghan war suspects in Guantanamo Bay, describes it as a physical and moral black hole. He says prisoners are not treated equally and that there is a pecking order with Americans being treated best. (In fact there are no Americans being held at Guantanamo Bay.) 




### Related:

1. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
2. [ The US government has rebuffed UK calls to close its controversial detention centre at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-us-government-has-rebuffed-uk-calls-to-close-its-controversial-detention-centre-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
3. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
4. [ The United States government agrees to apply parts of the Geneva Convention to detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp, but does not change their status from enemy combatants to POWs. ](/news/2006/07/11/the-united-states-government-agrees-to-apply-parts-of-the-geneva-convention-to-detainees-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-but-do.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
5. [ The  Supreme Court of the United States rules in ''Hamdan v. Rumsfeld'' that the Bush Administration has no authority to try detained prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay by military tribunal, and that the proceedings violate the Geneva Convention as well as the US constitution. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-rules-in-hamdan-v-rumsfeld-that-the-bush-administration-has-no-authority-to-try-detained-priso.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ Three prisoners commit suicide at Guantanamo Bay detainment camp in protest against the internationally criticized conditions at the camp. Human rights organizations express concern.](/news/2006/06/10/three-prisoners-commit-suicide-at-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-in-protest-against-the-internationally-criticized-conditions-at-the-camp.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [ United States President George W. Bush announces his support for closing Guantanamo Bay detention center. ](/news/2006/05/7/united-states-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-closing-guantanamo-bay-detention-center.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
8. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
9. [ A riot takes place at the United States prison camp at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba after several inmates attempted suicide. ](/news/2006/05/19/a-riot-takes-place-at-the-united-states-prison-camp-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba-after-several-inmates-attempted-suicide.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
10. [ The United States releases a list of 759 former and current inmates of the Guantnamo Bay prison camp in Cuba after a Freedom of Information Act action was filed by the Associated Press. ](/news/2006/05/16/the-united-states-releases-a-list-of-759-former-and-current-inmates-of-the-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-in-cuba-after-a-freedom-of-informatio.md) _Context: Guantánamo Bay detainment camp_
