### [2003-12-17](/news/2003/12/17/index.md)

#  The United States National Weather Service warns of "excessive heat" after the Earth reportedly breaks out of its orbit and begins falling into the sun. Fortunately, it turns out to be a mistakenly published test message. [http://www.informationweek.com/story/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=17000138]




### Related:

1. [U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko return to Earth after 340 days aboard the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2016/03/1/u-s-astronaut-scott-kelly-and-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-return-to-earth-after-340-days-aboard-the-international-space-station-i.md) _Context: Earth, United States_
2. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
3. [A massive two mile wide tornado strikes south of the US city of Oklahoma City, causing widespread damage and causing the National Weather Service to issue a rare tornado emergency. ](/news/2013/05/20/a-massive-two-mile-wide-tornado-strikes-south-of-the-us-city-of-oklahoma-city-causing-widespread-damage-and-causing-the-national-weather-se.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
4. [The United States National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for nine states in the Midwestern United States with a storm affecting a total of 30 states from Texas to Maine. ](/news/2011/02/1/the-united-states-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-nine-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-a-storm-affecting.md) _Context: National Weather Service, United States_
5. [ The United States government warns that a spy satellite is losing power and propulsion and could hit the Earth in February or March. ](/news/2008/01/26/the-united-states-government-warns-that-a-spy-satellite-is-losing-power-and-propulsion-and-could-hit-the-earth-in-february-or-march.md) _Context: Earth, United States_
6. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
