### [2014-02-21](/news/2014/02/21/index.md)

# 2014 Venezuelan protests:: 22-year-old Venezuelan beauty queen Genesis Carmona is shot in the head and killed while participating in a student protest against Nicolas Maduro's socialist government. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/02/20/venezuelan-beauty-queen-is-among-protesters-killed)

### Related:

1. [Venezuela orders the expulsion of three US consular officials amid rising tensions over anti-government protests after accusing the US of working with the opposition to undermine President Nicolas Maduro's government. ](/news/2014/02/17/venezuela-orders-the-expulsion-of-three-us-consular-officials-amid-rising-tensions-over-anti-government-protests-after-accusing-the-us-of-wo.md) _Context: 2014 anti-Goverment protests, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
3. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
4. [Peru-Venezuela relations: Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peru-venezuela-relations-shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Human rights in Venezuela: The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-venezuelan-protests-human-rights-in-venezuela-the-venezuelan-oppositor-leader-leopoldo-la3pez-leader-of-the-popular-will-party-leav.md) _Context: 2014 anti-Goverment protests_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-m.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
7. [United States-Venezuela relations: The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
8. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
9. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
10. [2017 Venezuelan protests: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/2017-venezuelan-protests-2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
