### [2014-02-21](/news/2014/02/21/index.md)

# Chinese-U.S. relations:The President of the United States, Barack Obama, meets with the Dalai Lama despite warnings from China to cancel the meeting. 

US President Barack Obama hosts the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, a move denounced by China as &quot;gross interference&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-26271596)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chinese, United States President_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chinese, United States President_
3. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chinese, United States President_
4. [Chinese leader Xi Jinping and President of the United States Barack Obama reach a deal to limit greenhouse gases. ](/news/2014/11/12/chinese-leader-xi-jinping-and-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-reach-a-deal-to-limit-greenhouse-gases.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chinese, United States President_
5. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chinese, United States President_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama delays a meeting with the Dalai Lama until after a visit to China. ](/news/2009/10/5/united-states-president-barack-obama-delays-a-meeting-with-the-dalai-lama-until-after-a-visit-to-china.md) _Context: 14th Dalai Lama, Barack Obama, United States President_
7. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President_
