### [2008-03-28](/news/2008/03/28/index.md)

#  North Korea fired a volley of missiles into the sea warning that it might stop disabling its nuclear facilities unless the United States dropped its demands for more details about North Korea's nuclear arsenal. A day before, North Korea expelled 11 South Korean officials from an industrial park north of the border that separates the two Koreas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/03/27/AR2008032704075.html?hpid=topnews)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States. South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Kaesong area, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: South Korea, United States, intercontinental ballistic_
