### [2017-02-12](/news/2017/02/12/index.md)

# The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. 




### Source:

1. [NSW Rural Fire Service](http://www.rfs.nsw.gov.au/fire-information/major-fire-updates/mfu?id=863)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/nsw/sydney-heatwave-catastrophic-fire-danger-leaves-residents-ready-to-flee/news-story/8ce8a33939e5a7d4b07e876f9acdfffa)

### Related:

1. [Ten thousand survivors of the Black Saturday bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria in February 2009 win a settlement of A$497.4 million against utility company SP AusNet, its maintenance contractor and the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment for poor inadequate maintenance and protection measures. ](/news/2014/07/15/ten-thousand-survivors-of-the-black-saturday-bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-february-2009-win-a-settlement-of-a-497-4-mill.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Australia, Victoria_
2. [The report of the Victorian Bushfires Royal Commission into the Black Saturday bushfires that killed 173 people in Victoria, Australia, is tabled in the Parliament of Victoria. It contains 67 recommendations including changes to evacuation policy and an increase in backburning. ](/news/2010/07/31/the-report-of-the-victorian-bushfires-royal-commission-into-the-black-saturday-bushfires-that-killed-173-people-in-victoria-australia-is-t.md) _Context: 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Australia, Victoria_
3. [ Australia:. New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/australia-new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Victoria_
4. [Cyclone Debbie. The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
5. [Australian east coast low. The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
6. [ Australian east coast low. New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
7. [Protesters on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia, occupy the former Legislative Assembly to protest Australia's termination of the island's autonomy. In July, Norfolk Island is set to become part of the State of New South Wales. ](/news/2016/04/29/protesters-on-norfolk-island-an-external-territory-of-australia-occupy-the-former-legislative-assembly-to-protest-australia-s-termination.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
8. [Terrorism in Australia. Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-a.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
9. [Australian east coast low. The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/australian-east-coast-low-the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disrupt.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
10. [New South Wales state election, 2015. Voters in the Australian state of New South Wales go to the polls for a state election with the Liberal-National Coalition led by Mike Baird retaining government. ](/news/2015/03/28/new-south-wales-state-election-2015-voters-in-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-libera.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
