### [2016-07-28](/news/2016/07/28/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton accepts her party's nomination as the candidate for this year's presidential election. 

PHILADELPHIA-- The schedule for the final night of the Democratic National Convention has been released. The evening ends with Hillary Clinton&#039;s acceptance of the Democratic Party’s nomination. **Continuing coverage of the DNC** Our LIVE coverage continues with reports from Tracy McCool tonight, along with LIVE speeches**


### Source:

1. [Fox](http://fox8.com/2016/07/28/schedule-of-speakers-for-final-night-of-democratic-national-convention-released/)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/29/us/politics/dnc-hillary-clinton-speech.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://localtvwjw.files.wordpress.com/2016/07/dnc.jpeg?quality=85&amp;strip=all&amp;w=1200)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama's advocates for Hillary Clinton stating there has never been anyone more qualified than Hillary to serve as president. ](/news/2016/07/27/u-s-president-barack-obama-s-advocates-for-hillary-clinton-stating-there-has-never-been-anyone-more-qualified-than-hillary-to-serve-as-pres.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
2. [Hillary Clinton is nominated as the Democratic Party candidate for this year's presidential election. She becomes the first woman ever to be nominated for president by a major party in the United States.](/news/2016/07/26/hillary-clinton-is-nominated-as-the-democratic-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election-she-becomes-the-first-woman-ever-to-be.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
3. [Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns from her position as Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. Wasserman Schultz had reportedly been removed from a speaking role after a WikiLeaks email leak proved her implicit support of Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. Her resignation will take effect upon the close of the convention. Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair. ](/news/2016/07/24/debbie-wasserman-schultz-resigns-from-her-position-as-chairperson-of-the-democratic-national-committee-wasserman-schultz-had-reportedly-bee.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
4. [Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on-the-party-s-schedule-before-the-2016-democr.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Former businessman Martin Shkreli has his bail revoked for threatening former politician Hillary Clinton, after Shkreli posted on Twitter that he would offer $5,000 to anyone who could directly obtain a lock of Clinton's hair. Shkreli was convicted of fraud in August and is awaiting sentencing. ](/news/2017/09/13/former-businessman-martin-shkreli-has-his-bail-revoked-for-threatening-former-politician-hillary-clinton-after-shkreli-posted-on-twitter-th.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
6. [Hillary Clinton releases the book "What Happened", a memoir about her most recent presidential campaign. Clinton has implied that she may not run again in 2020. ](/news/2017/09/12/hillary-clinton-releases-the-book-what-happened-a-memoir-about-her-most-recent-presidential-campaign-clinton-has-implied-that-she-may-no.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
7. [Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-opposition-research-against-hillary-clinton-through-a-june.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
9. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
