### [2016-07-28](/news/2016/07/28/index.md)

# North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. 

North Korea has claimed the US &quot;crossed the red line&quot; in taking action against its leader over human rights abuses.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/us-declared-war-blacklisting-kim-jong-un-10515230)

### Related:

1. [American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-north-korean-prison-system-dies-after-retur.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea, United States_
2. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea, United States_
3. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea, United States_
4. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states  the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-states-the-country-has-miniaturized-nuclear-warhe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
6. [North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-test-and-test-launch-ballistic-missiles-capabl.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
7. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, orders the country to conduct more tests of nuclear weapons to improve its capacity. ](/news/2016/03/11/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-orders-the-country-to-conduct-more-tests-of-nuclear-weapons-to-improve-its-capacity.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
8. [Mongolian president Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj visits North Korea and becomes the first head of state to meet with Kim Jong-un since Kim's taking office as Supreme Leader. ](/news/2013/10/30/mongolian-president-tsakhiagiin-elbegdorj-visits-north-korea-and-becomes-the-first-head-of-state-to-meet-with-kim-jong-un-since-kim-s-taking.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
9. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, United States_
10. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, leader_
