### [2012-02-7](/news/2012/02/7/index.md)

# Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. 

Argentina will make a formal complaint to the UN about British &quot;militarisation&quot; around the disputed Falkland Islands, says President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-16939043)

### Related:

1. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina, UK_
2. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, UK_
3. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, President of Argentina_
4. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, UK_
5. [The government of Argentina announces that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has cancer in her thyroid gland, and will have an operation on 4 January and step aside as president for 20 days until 24 January. ](/news/2011/12/27/the-government-of-argentina-announces-that-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-has-cancer-in-her-thyroid-gland-and-will-have-an-opera.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
6. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, UK_
7. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-pdesire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-te.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, UK_
8. [ Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, current First Lady of Argentina and candidate to become President of Argentina, announces Julio Cobos, the Governor of Mendoza Province as her running mate. ](/news/2007/08/14/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-current-first-lady-of-argentina-and-candidate-to-become-president-of-argentina-announces-julio-cobos-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
9. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: UK, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is indicted on corruption charges. ](/news/2016/12/27/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
