### [2012-02-7](/news/2012/02/7/index.md)

# Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, visits Damascus to hold discussions with the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad about the current violence. 

Russia won a promise from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Tuesday to bring an end to bloodshed in Syria, but Western and Arab states acted to isolate Assad further after activists and rebels said his forces killed over 100 in the city of Homs.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/07/us-syria-idUSTRE80S08620120207)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/feb/07/syrian-homs-siege-genocidal-say-residents)
3. [AFP via ''the Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/middle-east-in-turmoil/russia-has-extracted-a-commitment-from-syria-to-end-bloodshed-as-bombings-continue-in-homs/story-fn7ycml4-1226265345036)
4. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/home/world-news/article/16164544)
5. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-16932556)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/07/us-france-syria-idUSTRE8160YH20120207)

### Related:

1. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
2. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
3. [Sergey Lavrov, the Foreign Minister of Russia, says that Russia's bombing campaign will continue until terrorist organisations like ISIL and Jabhat al-Nusra are defeated; the Syrian opposition's High Negotiations Committee has voiced outrage at an ongoing government offensive backed by Russian air power and called for a halt to air strikes against civilians, among other demands. ](/news/2016/02/3/sergey-lavrov-the-foreign-minister-of-russia-says-that-russia-s-bombing-campaign-will-continue-until-terrorist-organisations-like-isil-and.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of Russia, Sergey Lavrov_
4. [Zahran Alloush, founder  of Islamist rebel group Jaysh al-Islam (army of Islam), the group's deputy leader, and other officials die in Russian airstrikes on a meeting  east of Damascus, according to the  Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Jaysh al-Islam was one of the opposition groups at the December 10th conference that agreed on principles to guide peace  talks, which both Bashar al-Assad and Russia rejected. ](/news/2015/12/25/zahran-alloush-founder-of-islamist-rebel-group-jaysh-al-islam-army-of-islam-the-group-s-deputy-leader-and-other-officials-die-in-russi.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Damascus_
5. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
6. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
7. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
8. [Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-of-pro-government-supporters-rallied-outside-in-support-of-russi.md) _Context: Damascus, Sergey Lavrov_
9. [An arrest warrant is issued for the cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Suleiman Hilal Al-Assad, who is accused of shooting and killing Colonel Hassan Al-Sheikh of the Syrian Armed Forces at what can be described as a traffic dispute. ](/news/2015/08/9/an-arrest-warrant-is-issued-for-the-cousin-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-suleiman-hilal-al-assad-who-is-accused-of-shooting-and-kill.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
10. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
