### [2012-02-7](/news/2012/02/7/index.md)

# The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturns California's Proposition 8 banning gay marriage in that state. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2012/02/gay-marriage-prop-8s-ban-ruled-unconstitutional.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court weighs the case of a California constitutional amendment banning same-sex unions, passed after gay marriage became legal there. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-united-states-supreme-court-weighs-the-case-of-a-california-constitutional-amendment-banning-same-sex-unions-passed-after-gay-marriage.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8, gay marriage_
2. [The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules there is no Second Amendment protection for concealed weapons, upholding a California law that does not consider "general self-defense" sufficient for a license. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-9th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-there-is-no-second-amendment-protection-for-concealed-weapons-upholding-a-california-law-that-d.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8_
4. [The United States Supreme Court grants review of California's ban on same-sex marriage (Proposition 8, which has been challenged), and also agrees to finally determine the constitutionality of the federal DOMA law, which the Obama administration has said it will not continue defending. This is the Court's most significant foray into the issue yet, though an overruling of the DOMA act would only mean the federal government would have to recognize such marriages in areas where they are already legal. ](/news/2012/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-review-of-california-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-proposition-8-which-has-been-challenged-and-also.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit refuses to allow same-sex marriages to resume in the US state of California while it considers the constitutionality of Proposition 8. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-refuses-to-allow-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-us-state-of-california-while-i.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [Same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California, due to resume on Wednesday, is blocked by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals until it is decided whether a ban is constitutional. ](/news/2010/08/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-state-of-california-due-to-resume-on-wednesday-is-blocked-by-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-until-it-is.md) _Context: California, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, gay marriage_
8. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
9. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
