### [2012-02-7](/news/2012/02/7/index.md)

# The United States Congress votes to pass legislation allowing for greater use of drone aircraft in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/congress-expanded-drone-flights-u-s-bill-headed-president-obama-desk-article-1.1018705)

### Related:

1. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
2. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
3. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
4. [Russia bans 13 Americans including Congressman Jim Moran, Rear Adm. Richard Butler and Lynndie England in response to the United States banning Russians for human rights abuses. ](/news/2014/07/19/russia-bans-13-americans-including-congressman-jim-moran-rear-adm-richard-butler-and-lynndie-england-in-response-to-the-united-states-bann.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
6. [A White House spokesperson says that a Presidential executive order is being considered to ensure the United States' cybersecurity if Congress remains deadlocked over a "CISPA" law. ](/news/2012/09/11/a-white-house-spokesperson-says-that-a-presidential-executive-order-is-being-considered-to-ensure-the-united-states-cybersecurity-if-congre.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
7. [The United States Congress votes to restore higher tariffs against the People's Republic of China and other nations that allegedly subsidize exports to the United States. ](/news/2012/03/6/the-united-states-congress-votes-to-restore-higher-tariffs-against-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-other-nations-that-allegedly-subsidize.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
8. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-gives-an-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-emphasizing-the-importance-o.md) _Context: Congress, U.S._
9. [Fourteen people are killed in United States drone attacks in North Waziristan, Pakistan. ](/news/2010/11/7/fourteen-people-are-killed-in-united-states-drone-attacks-in-north-waziristan-pakistan.md) _Context: U.S., drone aircraft_
10. [A United States drone attack kills six people in northwest Pakistan. ](/news/2010/11/1/a-united-states-drone-attack-kills-six-people-in-northwest-pakistan.md) _Context: U.S., drone aircraft_
