### [2012-02-7](/news/2012/02/7/index.md)

# The French Cabinet walks out of the National Assembly after Socialist Party MP Serge Letchimy accuses Interior Minister Claude Gueant of flirting with Nazi ideology in his statement that "not all civilisations are of equal value". 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/feb/07/french-cabinet-walkout-parliament)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017. Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/french-presidential-election-2017-former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-fo.md) _Context: PS_
2. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spri.md) _Context: PS_
3. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. Voting takes place in the first round of the French Socialist Party presidential primary to select a candidate to run in this year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/01/22/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-voting-takes-place-in-the-first-round-of-the-french-socialist-party-presidential-primary.md) _Context: PS_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/french-presidential-election-2017-manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination.md) _Context: PS_
5. [An arsonist firebombs a Republican Party office in Hillsborough, North Carolina, and leaves a graffiti message reading, "Nazi Republicans get out of town or else." ](/news/2016/10/16/an-arsonist-firebombs-a-republican-party-office-in-hillsborough-north-carolina-and-leaves-a-graffiti-message-reading-nazi-republicans-ge.md) _Context: Nazi_
6. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: PS_
7. [Israel-s Holocaust and Remembrance Center posthumously adds U.S. Army Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds to the list of the Righteous Among the Nations for his actions in 1945 at a Nazi prisoner of war camp. ](/news/2015/12/3/israel-s-holocaust-and-remembrance-center-posthumously-adds-u-s-army-master-sergeant-roddie-edmonds-to-the-list-of-the-righteous-among-th.md) _Context: Nazi_
8. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: PS_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. ](/news/2015/10/31/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-retracts-controversial-comments-he-made-about-nazi-policies-during-world-war-2-saying-he-never-me.md) _Context: Nazi_
10. [German art collector Cornelius Gurlitt dies at the age of 81. More than 1400 works, suspected of being looted by the Nazis around World War II, were found in his possession in 2012, including pieces by Picasso and Matisse. ](/news/2014/05/6/german-art-collector-cornelius-gurlitt-dies-at-the-age-of-81-more-than-1400-works-suspected-of-being-looted-by-the-nazis-around-world-war.md) _Context: Nazi_
