### [2017-01-21](/news/2017/01/21/index.md)

# 2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. 

Yahya Jammeh quits after trying to cling to power, paving the way for his elected successor to return.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-38706426)

### Related:

1. [Gambian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/gambian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-l.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
2. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
3. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
4. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
5. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. Gambian President Adama Barrow returns to the Gambia after being sworn in as president in Senegal, bringing an end to the country's political crisis. ](/news/2017/01/26/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-gambian-president-adama-barrow-returns-to-the-gambia-after-being-sworn-in-as-president-in-senegal.md) _Context: 2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis, President, the Gambia_
6. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivale.md) _Context: 2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis, President, Yahya Jammeh_
7. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
8. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. ](/news/2016/12/10/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-security-forces-are-deployed-on-the-streets-of-the-capital-banjul-following-p.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
9. [Child marriage. This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court - in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education - ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/child-marriage-this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-in-a-case-filed-by-the-ms.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
10. [Adama Barrow is officially sworn in as the Gambia's new President. ](/news/2017/02/18/adama-barrow-is-officially-sworn-in-as-the-gambia-s-new-president.md) _Context: President, the Gambia_
