### [2017-01-21](/news/2017/01/21/index.md)

# A car bomb attack occurs in the Rakban refugee camp near the Jordanian border. Casualty counts are currently unknown and no one has yet taken credit for the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/deadly-bomb-blast-hits-syria-rakban-refugee-camp-170121130211057.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Russian war planes allegedly bomb a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least eight people. ](/news/2016/07/13/russian-war-planes-allegedly-bomb-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-eight-people.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Opposition activists claim that Syrian Army helicopters have bombed a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2014/06/18/opposition-activists-claim-that-syrian-army-helicopters-have-bombed-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war:Syrian rebels claim taking control of a military post on the edge of the city of Deraa on Syria's southern border with Jordan after four days of heavy fighting with the Syrian Armed Forces. ](/news/2013/09/28/syrian-civil-war-psyrian-rebels-claim-taking-control-of-a-military-post-on-the-edge-of-the-city-of-deraa-on-syria-s-southern-border-with-jor.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:The government of Jordan says that more than 12,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan in the past six days. ](/news/2013/01/22/syrian-civil-war-pthe-government-of-jordan-says-that-more-than-12-000-syrians-have-fled-to-jordan-in-the-past-six-days.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:Syrian refugees fleeing the violence from the Syrian civil war are gunned down by the Syrian Army while trying to cross the Jordanian border. ](/news/2013/01/20/syrian-civil-war-psyrian-refugees-fleeing-the-violence-from-the-syrian-civil-war-are-gunned-down-by-the-syrian-army-while-trying-to-cross-th.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
