### [2017-01-21](/news/2017/01/21/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A car bomb attack occurs in the Rakban refugee camp near the Jordanian border. Casualty counts are currently unknown and no one has yet taken credit for the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/deadly-bomb-blast-hits-syria-rakban-refugee-camp-170121130211057.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russian war planes allegedly bomb a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least eight people. ](/news/2016/07/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-war-planes-allegedly-bomb-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-eight-people.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraq.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Opposition activists claim that Syrian Army helicopters have bombed a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2014/06/18/syrian-civil-war-opposition-activists-claim-that-syrian-army-helicopters-have-bombed-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war:: Syrian rebels claim taking control of a military post on the edge of the city of Deraa on Syria's southern border with Jordan after four days of heavy fighting with the Syrian Armed Forces. ](/news/2013/09/28/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-claim-taking-control-of-a-military-post-on-the-edge-of-the-city-of-deraa-on-syria-s-southern-border-with-jo.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:: The government of Jordan says that more than 12,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan in the past six days. ](/news/2013/01/22/syrian-civil-war-the-government-of-jordan-says-that-more-than-12-000-syrians-have-fled-to-jordan-in-the-past-six-days.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:: Syrian refugees fleeing the violence from the Syrian civil war are gunned down by the Syrian Army while trying to cross the Jordanian border. ](/news/2013/01/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-refugees-fleeing-the-violence-from-the-syrian-civil-war-are-gunned-down-by-the-syrian-army-while-trying-to-cross-t.md) _Context: Jordan, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
