### [2009-11-18](/news/2009/11/18/index.md)

#  Senator and President "pro tempore" of the United States Senate Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia becomes the longest serving member in the history of the United States Congress. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5glKaImPfLJaz4oyCrL4WFEbutcRwD9C1KESG0)

### Related:

1. [Death of oldest, longest serving United States Senator. Robert Byrd. Democratic Robert Byrd of West Virginia, President pro tempore of the United States Senate and the longest serving member its history, dies at age 92 in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/06/28/death-of-oldest-longest-serving-united-states-senator-robert-byrd-democratic-robert-byrd-of-west-virginia-president-pro-tempore-of-the-u.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, United States Senate, West Virginia_
2. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:. U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States Senate_
3. [Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont is sworn in as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, making him third in the United States presidential line of succession. ](/news/2012/12/18/senator-patrick-leahy-of-vermont-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-making-him-third-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, United States Senate_
4. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, vows to continue as the US-wide fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments rages on. ](/news/2012/08/21/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-vows-to-continue-as-the-us-wide-fall-out-over-his.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States Senate_
5. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, says "legitimate rape" would lead to pregnancy only in "really rare" cases. In a follow-up statement, he says that he "clearly misspoke" and that he holds a "deep empathy" for the "thousands of women who are raped each year". He stirs a US-wide controversy over the issue of abortion. ](/news/2012/08/20/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-says-legitimate-rape-would-lead-to-pregnancy-on.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States Senate_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals. The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: United States Congress_
