### [2009-11-18](/news/2009/11/18/index.md)

#  Senator and President ''pro tempore'' of the United States Senate Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia becomes the longest serving member in the history of the United States Congress. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5glKaImPfLJaz4oyCrL4WFEbutcRwD9C1KESG0)

### Related:

1. [Death of oldest, longest serving United States Senator, Robert Byrd:Democratic Robert Byrd of West Virginia, President pro tempore of the United States Senate and the longest serving member its history, dies at age 92 in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/06/28/death-of-oldest-longest-serving-united-states-senator-robert-byrd-pdemocratic-robert-byrd-of-west-virginia-president-pro-tempore-of-the-u.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, Senator, West Virginia_
2. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Senator, U.S. Congress_
3. [Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont is sworn in as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, making him third in the United States presidential line of succession. ](/news/2012/12/18/senator-patrick-leahy-of-vermont-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-making-him-third-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, Senator_
4. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, vows to continue as the US-wide fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments rages on. ](/news/2012/08/21/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-vows-to-continue-as-the-us-wide-fall-out-over-his.md) _Context: Senator, U.S. Congress_
5. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, says "legitimate rape" would lead to pregnancy only in "really rare" cases. In a follow-up statement, he says that he "clearly misspoke" and that he holds a "deep empathy" for the "thousands of women who are raped each year". He stirs a US-wide controversy over the issue of abortion. ](/news/2012/08/20/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-says-legitimate-rape-would-lead-to-pregnancy-on.md) _Context: Senator, U.S. Congress_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Senator_
7. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Senator_
8. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Senator_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Senator_
