### [2009-11-18](/news/2009/11/18/index.md)

#  The France national football team beat the Republic of Ireland at the Stade de France to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup finals in South Africa, with Thierry Henry admitting after the game that he committed handball in the move leading to the decisive goal. 

France striker Thierry Henry admitted that he had intentionally handled the ball to set up William Gallas&rsquo;s decisive goal against the Republic of Ireland in Wednesday night&#039;s World Cup play-off in Paris.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/international/republicofireland/6599687/Thierry-Henry-admits-to-handball-that-defeated-Ireland-in-World-Cup-play-off.html)

### Related:

1. [ Protestors gather at the French Embassy in Dublin in a continuation of the dispute with FIFA over the controversial handball incident in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match between France and Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2009/11/21/protestors-gather-at-the-french-embassy-in-dublin-in-a-continuation-of-the-dispute-with-fifa-over-the-controversial-handball-incident-in-th.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
2. [ FIFA turns down the Football Association of Ireland's request for a rematch between France and Republic of Ireland, after a controversial handball decided the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification playoff between the two countries. ](/news/2009/11/20/fifa-turns-down-the-football-association-of-ireland-s-request-for-a-rematch-between-france-and-republic-of-ireland-after-a-controversial-h.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
3. [ Irish politicians, including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, call for a controversial football playoff for the 2010 FIFA World Cup between France and Republic of Ireland to be replayed as the Football Association of Ireland lodges an official complaint with FIFA. ](/news/2009/11/19/irish-politicians-including-taoiseach-brian-cowen-call-for-a-controversial-football-playoff-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-between-france-an.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French, Republic of Ireland, controversial handball incident_
4. [Footballer Thierry Henry is booed by his own fans each time he touches the ball in his first game for France since his handball controversy against Ireland last November, with his own manager expressing doubt about his recent performances for the first time. ](/news/2010/03/4/footballer-thierry-henry-is-booed-by-his-own-fans-each-time-he-touches-the-ball-in-his-first-game-for-france-since-his-handball-controversy.md) _Context: French, Republic of Ireland, Thierry Henry_
5. [2010 FIFA World Cup: The managing director of the French Football Federation, Jean-Louis Valentin, quits after the France national football team participates in a public row with him and then a boycott during the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/20/2010-fifa-world-cup-the-managing-director-of-the-french-football-federation-jean-louis-valentin-quits-after-the-france-national-football.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, French_
6. [Thierry Henry, the footballer involved in a notorious handball controversy in the France vs Republic of Ireland 2010 FIFA World Cup play-off in November 2009, is not assured of playing for his team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, according to his manager Raymond Domenech on French television show "Canal Football Club". ](/news/2010/04/12/thierry-henry-the-footballer-involved-in-a-notorious-handball-controversy-in-the-france-vs-republic-of-ireland-2010-fifa-world-cup-play-off.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Thierry Henry_
7. [November 2015 Paris attacks: French police report multiple blasts and gunfire in Paris with at least 26 dead in a restaurant in the 10th arrondissement and an explosion near the Stade de France. ](/news/2015/11/13/november-2015-paris-attacks-french-police-report-multiple-blasts-and-gunfire-in-paris-with-at-least-26-dead-in-a-restaurant-in-the-10th-arr.md) _Context: Stade de France_
8. [Uruguay striker and 2010 FIFA World Cup player of the tournament Diego Forln is a popular attraction among the inhabitants of Kolkata as he participates in a talent search. ](/news/2010/08/5/uruguay-striker-and-2010-fifa-world-cup-player-of-the-tournament-diego-forlan-is-a-popular-attraction-among-the-inhabitants-of-kolkata-as-he.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup_
9. [Human rights groups express dismay at Kenya for the secret sending to Uganda of four suspects after the 2010 FIFA World Cup attacks in Kampala. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents are also said to have engaged in illegal interrogation of three of them. ](/news/2010/08/19/human-rights-groups-express-dismay-at-kenya-for-the-secret-sending-to-uganda-of-four-suspects-after-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-attacks-in-kampa.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup_
10. [The Ghana national football team are to receive national awards after their success at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, while former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan writes of his heartbreak. ](/news/2010/07/6/the-ghana-national-football-team-are-to-receive-national-awards-after-their-success-at-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-while-former-un-secretary-ge.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup_
