### [2014-03-9](/news/2014/03/9/index.md)

# A Boeing 787 controlled by Japan Airlines makes an emergency landing at Honolulu Airport in Honolulu, Hawaii, after oil pressure in their right engine dropped. 

The Boeing 787 had engine troubles, forcing it to land early; same plane had experienced mysterious battery issues last year, but was allowed to fly again


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/japan-airlines-787-makes-emergency-landing-in-honolulu/)

### Related:

1. [Marco Polo condo fire. At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/marco-polo-condo-fire-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-i.md) _Context: Hawaii, Honolulu_
2. [U.S. carrier Alaska Airlines reschedules Flight 870 from Anchorage, Alaska, to Honolulu, Hawaii, to depart at 2:00 p.m. local time (23:00 UTC) so passengers can view 2016's only total solar eclipse for 1 minute and 59 seconds, 695 miles north of Honolulu at 37,000 feet. ](/news/2016/03/8/u-s-carrier-alaska-airlines-reschedules-flight-870-from-anchorage-alaska-to-honolulu-hawaii-to-depart-at-2-00-p-m-local-time-23-00-ut.md) _Context: Hawaii, Honolulu_
3. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780. A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: Hawaii_
5. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-an.md) _Context: Hawaii_
6. [United States immigration ban. A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/united-states-immigration-ban-a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Hawaii_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist.md) _Context: Hawaii_
10. [2016 Pacific hurricane season. Tropical Storm Madeline is expected to reach the American state of Hawaii Tuesday, just before world leaders arrive for the World Conservation Congress. ](/news/2016/08/28/2016-pacific-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-madeline-is-expected-to-reach-the-american-state-of-hawaii-tuesday-just-before-world-leaders.md) _Context: Hawaii_
