### [2012-09-24](/news/2012/09/24/index.md)

# The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe says recent parliamentary elections in Belarus were neither free nor fair. VRT calls them "a farce". 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFBRE88N0F420120924)
2. [VRT](http://www.deredactie.be/cm/vrtnieuws/buitenland/120924_Wit-Rusland_verkiezingen)

### Related:

1. [Parliamentary elections are held in Belarus. The opposition sees the vote as undemocratic and boycotts it. ](/news/2012/09/23/parliamentary-elections-are-held-in-belarus-the-opposition-sees-the-vote-as-undemocratic-and-boycotts-it.md) _Context: Belarus, parliamentary elections_
2. [ Belarusian presidential election, 2006: Alexander Lukashenko has been re-elected president of Belarus with 82.6 percent of all votes, in an election which is considered by many to have been rigged.: The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which monitored the election, concluded that the presidential election failed to meet OSCE commitments for democratic elections. ](/news/2006/03/20/belarusian-presidential-election-2006-alexander-lukashenko-has-been-re-elected-president-of-belarus-with-82-6-percent-of-all-votes-in-an.md) _Context: Belarus, OSCE_
3. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017: Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: OSCE_
4. [War in Donbass: A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: OSCE_
5. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: OSCE_
6. [2017 Belarusian protests: Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/2017-belarusian-protests-thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-t.md) _Context: Belarus_
7. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: OSCE_
8. [War in Donbass: The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/war-in-donbass-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-mon.md) _Context: OSCE_
9. [Belarus-United States relations: The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/belarus-united-states-relations-the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that.md) _Context: Belarus_
10. [War in Donbass: International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-donbass-international-monitors-from-the-osce-report-that-fighting-has-intensified-in-eastern-ukraine-as-a-second-year-of-a-shaky-tru.md) _Context: OSCE_
