### [2010-06-13](/news/2010/06/13/index.md)

# A 7.5-magnitude earthquake west of India's Nicobar Islands causes tremors felt along India's eastern seaboard and triggers a tsunami watch, which is later cancelled. 

NDTV.com: India, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Video and Breaking News


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gIAokUzzRrZDi7xM-zbeaypf6_ew)
2. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/news/india/earthquake-hits-nicobar-islands-no-damage-reported-31338.php)

### Related:

1. [  A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indonesia-christmas-island-and-the-coco.md) _Context: India, earthquake, tsunami_
2. [A 6.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Mindanao, Philippines triggering tsunami warnings. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-6-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-philippines-triggering-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
3. [A magnitude 7.7 earthquake in Chile spurs tsunami warnings. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-magnitude-7-7-earthquake-in-chile-spurs-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
4. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
5. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-400-however.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
6. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
7. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
8. [ A powerful,  magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and  Afghanistan. No damage or  casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines.  ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-ca.md) _Context: India, earthquake_
9. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
10. [An earthquake  measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan,  158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158.md) _Context: India, earthquake_
