### [2010-06-13](/news/2010/06/13/index.md)

# Hezbollah warns Israel on gas fields being claimed by both Israel and Lebanon. 

As-Safir analyst says newly discovered Leviathan gas site extends into Lebanese territorial waters, believes Lebanon will defend its rights at site, meaning affair could lead to new conflict between Israel, its northern neighbor


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3902180,00.html)
2. [presstv.ir](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=130192&sectionid=351020203)
3. [VJ](http://www.virtualjerusalem.com/news.php?Itemid=3009)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
2. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
3. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
4. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
5. [ 2008-2009 Israel-Gaza conflict: Several rockets fired from Lebanon strike the Israeli city of Nahariya. Hezbollah denies responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2009/01/8/2008a2009-israelagaza-conflict-p-several-rockets-fired-from-lebanon-strike-the-israeli-city-of-nahariya-hezbollah-denies-responsibilit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
6. [ Hezbollah transfers the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for the Lebanese convicted murderer Samir Kuntar, four other Hezbollah militants captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War (Khaled Zidan, Maher Kurani, Mohammed Sarur and Hussein Suleiman), and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinians.](/news/2008/07/16/hezbollah-transfers-the-bodies-of-captured-israeli-soldiers-ehud-goldwasser-and-eldad-regev-in-exchange-for-the-lebanese-convicted-murder.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
7. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel will pursue Hezbollah leaders in Lebanon despite the ceasefire ending the month-long conflict, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has told parliament.](/news/2006/08/14/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-will-pursue-hezbollah-leaders-in-lebanon-despite-the-ceasefire-ending-the-month-long-conflict-prime.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
8. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-ko.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
9. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Hezbollah fires some 30 mortar shells at IDF outposts along the northern Israeli border, lightly wounding an Israeli soldier. In response, Israeli Air Force strikes Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2006/02/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-hezbollah-fires-some-30-mortar-shells-at-idf-outposts-along-the-northern-israeli-border-lightly-wounding-an.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
