### [2008-03-9](/news/2008/03/9/index.md)

#  Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt says that Kosovo may become a European Union member state even if it is not a member of the United Nations. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua News Agency](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2008-03/10/content_7751968.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Sri Lanka's government denies Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt a visa. ](/news/2009/04/28/sri-lanka-s-government-denies-swedish-foreign-minister-carl-bildt-a-visa.md) _Context: Carl Bildt, Foreign Minister, Swedish_
2. [ Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt becomes the first foreign minister to visit Kosovo since the country declared its independence. ](/news/2008/03/8/swedish-minister-for-foreign-affairs-carl-bildt-becomes-the-first-foreign-minister-to-visit-kosovo-since-the-country-declared-its-independe.md) _Context: Carl Bildt, Kosovo, Swedish_
3. [ French Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Kouchner and his Swedish counterpart Carl Bildt pronounce their support for Serbian membership of the European Union. ](/news/2008/03/12/french-minister-of-foreign-affairs-bernard-kouchner-and-his-swedish-counterpart-carl-bildt-pronounce-their-support-for-serbian-membership-o.md) _Context: Carl Bildt, EU, Swedish_
4. [ The United States and European Union nations circulate a United Nations resolution on independence for Kosovo with international supervision. ](/news/2007/05/11/the-united-states-and-european-union-nations-circulate-a-united-nations-resolution-on-independence-for-kosovo-with-international-supervisio.md) _Context: EU, Kosovo, United Nations_
5. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
6. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
7. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
8. [Sweden's new centre-left government creates a surprise by announcing that the country will recognise the state of Palestine, and becomes the first European country to do so while a member of the European Union. ](/news/2014/10/4/sweden-s-new-centre-left-government-creates-a-surprise-by-announcing-that-the-country-will-recognise-the-state-of-palestine-and-becomes-the.md) _Context: EU, Swedish_
9. [Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
10. [Vice President of Iran Mohammad-Reza Rahimi delivers an anti-Semitic speech at a United Nations conference on the illegal drug trade saying that a central Jewish text, the Talmud, was responsible for the spread of illegal drugs around the world; his speech draws condemnation from U.N. and the European Union diplomats. ](/news/2012/06/28/vice-president-of-iran-mohammad-reza-rahimi-delivers-an-anti-semitic-speech-at-a-united-nations-conference-on-the-illegal-drug-trade-saying.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
