### [2008-03-9](/news/2008/03/9/index.md)

#  The Socialist Workers' Party wins the Spanish general election, with the People's Party conceding defeat. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7285885.stm)

### Related:

1. [Spanish general election, 2015: Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party, Spain_
2. [Spanish general election, 2015: In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/spanish-general-election-2015-in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-cente.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party, Spain_
3. [Spanish general election, 2015: Today's parliamentary election is forecast to end Spain's two-party system as the traditional powers, the center-right People's Party (PP) and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), are facing real challenges from the anti-austerity Podemos Party and the liberal Ciudadanos party (C's). Analysts expect a high turnout. ](/news/2015/12/20/spanish-general-election-2015-today-s-parliamentary-election-is-forecast-to-end-spain-s-two-party-system-as-the-traditional-powers-the-ce.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party, Spain_
4. [In local and regional elections in Spain, the conservative People's Party performs well, while the ruling Socialist Party suffers heavy losses. ](/news/2011/05/22/in-local-and-regional-elections-in-spain-the-conservative-people-s-party-performs-well-while-the-ruling-socialist-party-suffers-heavy-loss.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party, Spain_
5. [2015-16 Spanish government formation: The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139-96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-wi.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party_
6. [Spanish general election, 2015: The conservative People's Party (PP) and the left-wing Podemos party, which together hold 192 seats in Spain-s 350-seat parliament following December's election, confirm they will vote against Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) leader Pedro Sanchez-s candidacy to form a new government. ](/news/2016/03/2/spanish-general-election-2015-the-conservative-people-s-party-pp-and-the-left-wing-podemos-party-which-together-hold-192-seats-in-spain.md) _Context: People's Party, Socialist Workers' Party_
7. [Spanish general election, 2015: Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: People's Party, Spain_
8. [European migrant crisis: Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Salvador Dali: The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
