### [2004-05-3](/news/2004/05/3/index.md)

#  French police seek 500 kg (1,100&nbsp;lb) of ammonium nitrate fertilizer stolen from the port of Honfleur at the mouth of the Seine River. The fertilizer can be converted easily into a powerful explosive. Such an explosive was used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. AZF suspended operations inside France while the group seeks to upgrade its arsenal. 

French police are scrambling to locate 1,100 pounds of fertilizer that could be used to make a powerful bomb after the material was discovered missing on Monday.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/04/international/europe/04CND-FRAN.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests: The Royal Canadian Mounted Police announce the arrest of 17 suspected Islamic terrorists in connection with a planned terrorist attack around Toronto. The RCMP say that three tons of ammonium nitrate was seized. In comparison, the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing used one ton. ](/news/2006/06/3/2006-toronto-terrorism-arrests-the-royal-canadian-mounted-police-announce-the-arrest-of-17-suspected-islamic-terrorists-in-connection-with.md) _Context: Oklahoma City bombing, ammonium nitrate_
2. [ 70,000 people are evacuated from Bryan, TX, USA, after ammonium nitrate is released during a fire at the El Dorado Chemical Company warehouse there.](/news/2009/07/30/70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-bryan-tx-usa-after-ammonium-nitrate-is-released-during-a-fire-at-the-el-dorado-chemical-company-warehou.md) _Context: ammonium nitrate_
3. [ Victims and families observe 168 seconds of silence on the tenth anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing at 9:02 a.m. (local time). ](/news/2005/04/19/victims-and-families-observe-168-seconds-of-silence-on-the-tenth-anniversary-of-the-oklahoma-city-bombing-at-9-02-a-m-local-time.md) _Context: Oklahoma City bombing_
4. [ On the third anniversary of the execution of Timothy McVeigh for his role in the Oklahoma City bombing, the penalty phase of his co-accomplice, Terry Nichols, ends in a deadlocked jury over the issue of handing out a death penalty verdict. By law, the judge in the case must sentence Nichols to life in prison (a term he is already serving). ](/news/2004/06/11/on-the-third-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-timothy-mcveigh-for-his-role-in-the-oklahoma-city-bombing-the-penalty-phase-of-his-co-accompl.md) _Context: Oklahoma City bombing_
5. [ William Krar, a Texan with ties to white supremacists, is sentenced to 11 years in prison after he pled guilty to building and possessing chemical weapons in what has been described as one of the most serious cases of domestic terrorism since the Oklahoma City bombing. ](/news/2004/05/4/william-krar-a-texan-with-ties-to-white-supremacists-is-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-after-he-pled-guilty-to-building-and-possessing-c.md) _Context: Oklahoma City bombing_
6. [ Australia's biggest supplier of the potential explosive ammonium nitrate will pull the product from its stores in response to concerns it could be used by terrorists. ](/news/2004/04/5/australia-s-biggest-supplier-of-the-potential-explosive-ammonium-nitrate-will-pull-the-product-from-its-stores-in-response-to-concerns-it-c.md) _Context: ammonium nitrate_
7. [ UK Police refuse discussion of reports over tonnes of unaccounted ammonium nitrate fertiliser stolen from a Welsh farm near Abergavenny, South Wales. ](/news/2004/04/4/uk-police-refuse-discussion-of-reports-over-tonnes-of-unaccounted-ammonium-nitrate-fertiliser-stolen-from-a-welsh-farm-near-abergavenny-so.md) _Context: ammonium nitrate_
8. [ Eight men are arrested after a series of raids in the UK under the Terrorism Act 2000. Half a ton of ammonium nitrate fertiliser was found during the raids. ](/news/2004/03/30/eight-men-are-arrested-after-a-series-of-raids-in-the-uk-under-the-terrorism-act-2000-half-a-ton-of-ammonium-nitrate-fertiliser-was-found.md) _Context: ammonium nitrate_
9. [ Testimony begins in the state murder trial of convicted Oklahoma City bombing accomplice, Terry Nichols, in McAlester, Oklahoma. ](/news/2004/03/22/testimony-begins-in-the-state-murder-trial-of-convicted-oklahoma-city-bombing-accomplice-terry-nichols-in-mcalester-oklahoma.md) _Context: Oklahoma City bombing_
10. [ The AZF fertiliser factory in Toulouse, France, explodes, killing 31 and injuring over 2000. Later, a terrorist group take up the name "AZF" when threatening to bomb French railways.](/news/2001/09/21/the-azf-fertiliser-factory-in-toulouse-france-explodes-killing-31-and-injuring-over-2000-later-a-terrorist-group-take-up-the-name-azf.md) _Context: AZF_
