### [2004-05-3](/news/2004/05/3/index.md)

#  The US is starting to lose its dominance in the sciences; "the rest of the world is catching up", according to John E. Jankowski of the National Science Foundation. Scientists from Europe and now other countries are now publishing more papers in major professional journals than scientists from the U.S.. New York Times p.A1.




### Related:

1. [The "New York Times" reports that Russian hackers read President of the United States unclassified emails indicating that the breach of the White House's computer system was more extensive than previously revealed. ](/news/2015/04/25/the-new-york-times-reports-that-russian-hackers-read-president-of-the-united-states-unclassified-emails-indicating-that-the-breach-of-the.md) _Context: New York Times_
2. [The "New York Times" reports that the United States is intensifying a covert war in Yemen as instability worsens. ](/news/2011/06/8/the-new-york-times-reports-that-the-united-states-is-intensifying-a-covert-war-in-yemen-as-instability-worsens.md) _Context: New York Times_
3. [The "New York Times" reports that French luxury group LVMH will take control of Italy's Bulgari in an all-share deal. ](/news/2011/03/7/the-new-york-times-reports-that-french-luxury-group-lvmh-will-take-control-of-italy-s-bulgari-in-an-all-share-deal.md) _Context: New York Times_
4. [ Police in riot gear surround a hotel in Harare housing foreign journalists. New York Times correspondent Barry Bearak, Daily Telegraph correspondent Stephen Bevan, and two others are arrested. ](/news/2008/04/3/police-in-riot-gear-surround-a-hotel-in-harare-housing-foreign-journalists-new-york-times-correspondent-barry-bearak-daily-telegraph-corr.md) _Context: New York Times_
5. [ The "New York Times" publishes an expos on the Pentagon military analyst program. ](/news/2008/04/20/the-new-york-times-publishes-an-expose-on-the-pentagon-military-analyst-program.md) _Context: New York Times_
6. [ Zhao Yan, a Chinese journalist working for the "New York Times", is released from jail in China after serving a three year sentence for "leaking state secrets". ](/news/2007/09/15/zhao-yan-a-chinese-journalist-working-for-the-new-york-times-is-released-from-jail-in-china-after-serving-a-three-year-sentence-for-le.md) _Context: New York Times_
7. [ The "New York Times" leaks a conclusion from a U.S. National Intelligence Estimate that the Iraq War has made the overall terrorism problem worse. ](/news/2006/09/24/the-new-york-times-leaks-a-conclusion-from-a-u-s-national-intelligence-estimate-that-the-iraq-war-has-made-the-overall-terrorism-problem.md) _Context: New York Times_
8. [ Zhao Yan, a Chinese researcher for the "New York Times," is sentenced to three years for fraud in Beijing. However, he is found not guilty of leaking state secrets. ](/news/2006/08/25/zhao-yan-a-chinese-researcher-for-the-new-york-times-is-sentenced-to-three-years-for-fraud-in-beijing-however-he-is-found-not-guilty.md) _Context: New York Times_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush criticises the disclosure of a program to monitor financial transactions by suspected terrorists as "disgraceful". White House Press Secretary Tony Snow also states that news organizations, including the "New York Times," should think if "the public's right to know, in some cases, might override somebody's right to live..." ](/news/2006/06/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-criticises-the-disclosure-of-a-program-to-monitor-financial-transactions-by-suspected-terrorists-as-disgrace.md) _Context: New York Times_
10. [ "New York Times" journalist Judith Miller testifies before a federal grand jury and identifies Lewis Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, as her confidential source for a non-published story about the unmasking of a CIA agent in 2003. ](/news/2005/09/30/new-york-times-journalist-judith-miller-testifies-before-a-federal-grand-jury-and-identifies-lewis-libby-vice-president-dick-cheney-s-ch.md) _Context: New York Times_
