### [2004-11-27](/news/2004/11/27/index.md)

#  Roman Catholic Pope John Paul&nbsp;II presents Eastern Orthodox Patriarch Bartholomew&nbsp;I with reliquaries containing the bones of 4th-century Patriarchs Gregory Nazianzus and John Chrysostom, brought back to Rome as loot from Constantinople during the Crusades. The ceremony is applauded as a notable gesture of ecumenism between the divided churches. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4047327.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6933821)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis meets with Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in Havana, Cuba. It is the first time that the heads of the Roman Catholic Church and Russian Orthodox Church have ever met. ](/news/2016/02/12/pope-francis-meets-with-patriarch-kirill-of-moscow-in-havana-cuba-it-is-the-first-time-that-the-heads-of-the-roman-catholic-church-and-rus.md) _Context: East-West Schism_
2. [Pope Francis visits Turkey, calling for interfaith dialogue and an end to Islamic extremism, and meeting with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Bartholomew I of Constantinople. ](/news/2014/11/28/pope-francis-visits-turkey-calling-for-interfaith-dialogue-and-an-end-to-islamic-extremism-and-meeting-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaa.md) _Context: Bartholomew I of Constantinople_
3. [Prince Albert II of Monaco's Rhodesian-born fiancee Charlene Wittstock converts to Roman Catholicism. ](/news/2011/04/4/prince-albert-ii-of-monaco-s-rhodesian-born-fianca-c-e-charlene-wittstock-converts-to-roman-catholicism.md) _Context: Roman Catholicism_
4. [ An Italian parliamentary commission accuses the former Soviet Union of orchestrating the 1981 attempt to assassinate Pope John Paul&nbsp;II ](/news/2006/03/3/an-italian-parliamentary-commission-accuses-the-former-soviet-union-of-orchestrating-the-1981-attempt-to-assassinate-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
5. [ Turkish police are reported to have taken into custody, Mehmet Ali Agca, the man who shot Pope John Paul&nbsp;II in 1981 after an appeals court ordered his return to prison to serve more time for killing a journalist. ](/news/2006/01/20/turkish-police-are-reported-to-have-taken-into-custody-mehmet-ali-aaca-the-man-who-shot-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-in-1981-after-an-appeals.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
6. [ Mehmet Ali Agca, who tried to assassinate Pope John Paul&nbsp;II in 1981, is released from jail. ](/news/2006/01/12/mehmet-ali-aaca-who-tried-to-assassinate-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-in-1981-is-released-from-jail.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
7. [ President George W. Bush presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Pope John Paul&nbsp;II who criticizes him for the Iraq war while more than 100,000 protest in Rome and other Italian cities. ](/news/2004/06/4/president-george-w-bush-presents-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-to-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-who-criticizes-him-for-the-iraq-war-while-mor.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: Some in the international community have rejected a revised United States draft United Nations Security Council resolution concerning Iraq (calling for a multinational force of peacekeeping troops in Iraq under American command; transferring power gradually to elected civilian rule [though there is no handover timetable for sovereignty]). The resolution is being supported by the United Kingdom. France, Germany, and Russia (which opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq) have joined Kofi Annan in opposing the resolution. Annan states that the United Nations itself will not become heavily involved unless there are early moves toward passing sovereignty to the Iraqi people. Annan's stance is similar to that of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II and some members of the European Union.](/news/2003/10/6/occupation-of-iraq-some-in-the-international-community-have-rejected-a-revised-united-states-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolut.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
9. [ "Ireland on Sunday" claims that Pope John Paul&nbsp;II is suffering from terminal stomach cancer which has spread to his colon. The newspaper reports that the Pope has dictated a living will which gives instructions as to how the Roman Catholic Church is to be administered when the medical treatment he is receiving makes it impossible for him to function as pope. According to the paper, Cardinals have been told to be ready at a moment's notice to fly to Rome for a Papal funeral and Papal conclave.](/news/2003/10/5/ireland-on-sunday-claims-that-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-is-suffering-from-terminal-stomach-cancer-which-has-spread-to-his-colon-the-newspap.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
10. [ Pope John Paul&nbsp;II beatifies Mother Teresa. Hundreds of thousands attend the ceremony in St. Peter's Square. Mother Teresa, who founded the Missionaries of Charity, is now one step from sainthood.](/news/2003/10/19/pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-beatifies-mother-teresa-hundreds-of-thousands-attend-the-ceremony-in-st-peter-s-square-mother-teresa-who-founded.md) _Context: Pope John Paul&nbsp;II_
