### [2016-06-29](/news/2016/06/29/index.md)

# Antoine Deltour and Raphael Halet, two whistleblowers who revealed the Luxembourg Leaks financial scandal, are found guilty of leaking the documents and are given a 12 and nine month suspended sentence and fined EUR1,500 and EUR1,000 respectively, while Edouard Perrin, the journalist who was given the leaks, is acquitted of all charges. 

Two whistleblowers in &quot;Luxleaks&quot; tax scandal get suspended jail terms as journalist on trial is acquitted


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36662636)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
3. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: EUR_
5. [The European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-the-departure-of-former-president-yahya.md) _Context: EUR_
6. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [Consultancy PwC says that global banks with business both in London and on the European continent must plan for a hard Brexit that entails a break with many of the benefits of the Euro system, and a short transition period. ](/news/2017/01/31/consultancy-pwc-says-that-global-banks-with-business-both-in-london-and-on-the-european-continent-must-plan-for-a-hard-brexit-that-entails-a.md) _Context: EUR_
8. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [The Central Bank of Russia announces it will start buying the Chinese yuan in an attempt to diversify its foreign-currency reserves away from the Euro and the U.S. dollar and to become less vulnerable to Western sanctions. ](/news/2016/07/5/the-central-bank-of-russia-announces-it-will-start-buying-the-chinese-yuan-in-an-attempt-to-diversify-its-foreign-currency-reserves-away-fro.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [The Parliament of Finland holds a debate on whether or not to abandon the Euro as its currency following a petition that garnered enough signatures to force the issue into parliament. This comes as Finland as dealing with a weakening economy but the petition is unlikely to lead to the country leaving the Eurozone. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-parliament-of-finland-holds-a-debate-on-whether-or-not-to-abandon-the-euro-as-its-currency-following-a-petition-that-garnered-enough-sig.md) _Context: EUR_
