### [2016-06-29](/news/2016/06/29/index.md)

# North American Leaders' Summit aka the "Three Amigos Summit": Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. 

The American president&rsquo;s speech to the House of Commons will inevitably be described as historic, because Canadians still really love Barack Obama. We think he might secretly be Canadian. 


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/trudeau-obama-ottawa-meeing-macdonald-1.3658538)
2. [Toronto Star](https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2016/06/29/climate-deal-caps-north-american-leaders-summit.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Justin Trudeau_
2. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
3. [IUCN Red List: American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/iucn-red-list-american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porp.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
4. [Cuba-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/cuba-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [Canadian Indian residential school system: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-indian-residential-school-system-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catho.md) _Context: Justin Trudeau_
7. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations: U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama-s administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump: U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
