### [2016-06-29](/news/2016/06/29/index.md)

# Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. 

As Irish and Scottish nationalists continue to refuse to accept the outcome of last week&amp;#8217;s EU referendum, the Prime Minister has said that legally there is no prospect of Northern Ireland or Scotland retaining EU membership.


### Source:

1. [The News Letter](http://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/northern-ireland-news/pm-says-legal-advice-is-clear-scotland-and-ni-bound-by-brexit-vote-1-7455432)
2. [New Europe](https://www.neweurope.eu/article/scottish-north-irish-meps-want-countries-stay-eu/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):British Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that 3,800 British troops will be withdrawn from Afghanistan in 2013. The figure represents half the current British deployment in that country. ](/news/2012/12/19/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pbritish-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-3-800-british-troops-will-be-withd.md) _Context: David Cameron, House of Commons, Prime Minster_
5. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: David Cameron, House of Commons, Prime Minster_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: David Cameron, House of Commons, Prime Minster_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons, Prime Minster_
8. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
9. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster_
10. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster_
