### [2016-06-29](/news/2016/06/29/index.md)

# The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. 

City officials also extended the official &quot;parade&quot; route for demonstrators who want to legally march in the streets from one mile to about 1.25 miles. The new route includes a longer time marching near Progressive Field, one of the main convention venues, and now ends in a less-isolated area of downtown Cleveland.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/285997-cleveland-changes-restrictions-for-rnc-protest-area)
2. [The Plain Dealer](http://www.cleveland.com/rnc-2016/index.ssf/2016/06/cleveland_officials_approve_ne.html#incart_2box)

### Related:

1. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, ACLU, Federal District Judge, James Gwin's_
2. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
3. [Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-after-giving-a-speech-and-refusing-to-en.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
4. [Donald Trump is nominated as the Republican Party candidate for this year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/19/donald-trump-is-nominated-as-the-republican-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
5. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election_
7. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention,  citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
8. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland.  Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far.  The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
9. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: ACLU_
10. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016:Republican front runner Donald Trump says he now has 1001 confirmed delegates for the Cleveland convention in June. ](/news/2016/04/29/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-prepublican-front-runner-donald-trump-says-he-now-has-1001-confirmed-delegates-for-the-clevela.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention_
