### [2016-06-29](/news/2016/06/29/index.md)

# War in Somalia: Kenyan army forces kill five suspected Al-Shabaab militants, four during a clash at a military camp in Lamu County, and another in Malindi. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-kenya-security-idUSKCN0ZF1X5)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia: Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-pe.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia: Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-somalia-somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia: A car bomb at a Mogadishu restaurant near the Jilaow detention center kills four people and injures another five. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/10/1/war-in-somalia-a-car-bomb-at-a-mogadishu-restaurant-near-the-jilaow-detention-center-kills-four-people-and-injures-another-five-al-shabaab.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia: A suspected militant of Al-Shabaab shoots and kills four Kenyan police officers at a police station in Kapenguria, Kenya, where he was being held. The militant was later killed following a shootout with police. ](/news/2016/07/14/war-in-somalia-a-suspected-militant-of-al-shabaab-shoots-and-kills-four-kenyan-police-officers-at-a-police-station-in-kapenguria-kenya-wh.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia: At least 10 Somali Armed Forces soldiers and 12 Al-Shabaab militants are killed in fighting near the town of Afgooye, Lower Shabelle. ](/news/2016/07/11/war-in-somalia-at-least-10-somali-armed-forces-soldiers-and-12-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the-town-of-afgooye-lower.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia: At least six people are shot and killed and several people wounded by suspected Al-Shabaab militants who ambushed two buses in Mandera, Kenya, near the Somalian border. ](/news/2016/07/1/war-in-somalia-at-least-six-people-are-shot-and-killed-and-several-people-wounded-by-suspected-al-shabaab-militants-who-ambushed-two-buses.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia: A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/war-in-somalia-a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighte.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia: War on Terror: The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/war-in-somalia-war-on-terror-the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-milit.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
10. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
