### [2013-12-25](/news/2013/12/25/index.md)

# Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):. The Egyptian government re-designates the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a terrorist organisation. 

The Egyptian government intensified its crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood on Wednesday, formally listing the group as a terrorist organisation after accusing it of carrying out a suicide bomb attack on a police station that killed 16 people.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/12/25/uk-egypt-explosion-brotherhood-idUKBRE9BO08E20131225)

### Related:

1. [Egypt's security forces kill nine 'terrorists' during a raid in a Western Cairo suburb. The group were among "the most dangerous terrorists" wanted in Egypt according to Giza deputy security director Magdy Abd El-Aal. It has also been reported that Nasser al-Hafi, a former MP and a leading lawyer for the Muslim Brotherhood was among those killed. ](/news/2015/07/1/egypt-s-security-forces-kill-nine-terrorists-during-a-raid-in-a-western-cairo-suburb-the-group-were-among-the-most-dangerous-terrorists.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
2. [The government of Qatar asks exiled leaders of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood to leave. ](/news/2014/09/13/the-government-of-qatar-asks-exiled-leaders-of-egypt-s-muslim-brotherhood-to-leave.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
3. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. Two people were shot dead as clashes between Muslim Brotherhood supporters and police flared up across Egypt. ](/news/2014/01/17/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-two-people-were-shot-dead-as-clashes-between-muslim-brotherhood-supporters-and-police-flared-up-across-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood_
4. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present). A bomb targeting an Egyptian military intelligence building north of Cairo in the village of Anshas wounds four soldiers. ](/news/2013/12/29/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013-present-a-bomb-targeting-an-egyptian-military-intelligence-building-north-of-cairo-in-the-village.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
5. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present). Supporters of the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood clash with police at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, Egypt. One person is killed and two campus buildings are set on fire. ](/news/2013/12/28/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013-present-supporters-of-the-islamist-muslim-brotherhood-clash-with-police-at-al-azhar-university-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
6. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):. Three people are killed in clashes between police and Muslim Brotherhood supporters across Egypt. ](/news/2013/12/27/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013-present-three-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-police-and-muslim-brotherhood-supporters-acros.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
7. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):. Three Egyptian policemen are killed by masked men in an attack at a checkpoint in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura. ](/news/2013/10/28/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013-present-three-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-by-masked-men-in-an-attack-at-a-checkpoint-in-the-nil.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
8. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
