### [2012-09-1](/news/2012/09/1/index.md)

# American songwriter Hal David, who was best known for his collaborations with composer Burt Bacharach, dies in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 91. 

US songwriter Hal David, who wrote dozens of hit songs with collaborator Burt Bacharach, dies from complications stemming from a stroke aged 91.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/19451047)

### Related:

1. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California, United States_
2. [The 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards for television programs broadcast in the United States are held in Los Angeles with "Mad Men" winning the outstanding drama series and "Modern Family" winning the Outstanding Comedy. ](/news/2011/09/18/the-63rd-primetime-emmy-awards-for-television-programs-broadcast-in-the-united-states-are-held-in-los-angeles-with-mad-men-winning-the-out.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California, United States_
3. [Italian film producer Dino De Laurentiis ("Serpico", "Death Wish") dies in Los Angeles, California ending a movie career that spanned seven decades in both the United States and Italy. ](/news/2010/11/10/italian-film-producer-dino-de-laurentiis-serpico-death-wish-dies-in-los-angeles-california-ending-a-movie-career-that-spanned-seven.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California, United States_
4. [United States rapper T.I. and his wife singer Tameka Cottle are arrested on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles for illegal drug possession. ](/news/2010/09/1/united-states-rapper-t-i-and-his-wife-singer-tameka-cottle-are-arrested-on-sunset-boulevard-in-los-angeles-for-illegal-drug-possession.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California, United States_
5. [ Three Air France flights from Paris to Los Angeles are canceled due to security concerns expressed by the U.S. embassy in France. [http://www.suntimes.com/output/news/24flight.html]](/news/2003/12/24/three-air-france-flights-from-paris-to-los-angeles-are-canceled-due-to-security-concerns-expressed-by-the-u-s-embassy-in-france-http-w.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California, United States_
6. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
