### [2011-10-9](/news/2011/10/9/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. 

Libyan interim government forces say they have captured a key bastion of Gaddafi loyalists in Sirte as street fighting continues in the city.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15232870)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war:: Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]: The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]: Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
2. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi-s hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafi-s-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-faci.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
4. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:: The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defen.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
5. [Aftermath of the 2011 Libyan civil war:: The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. ](/news/2011/10/24/aftermath-of-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-the-corpses-of-53-pro-muammar-gaddafi-fighters-are-found-in-sirte-all-having-apparently-been-summa.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: Forces loyal to the National Transitional Council (NTC) enter Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte, as the NTC's three-day assault on the city intensifies. ](/news/2011/09/26/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-the-national-transitional-council-ntc-enter-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-as-the-ntc-s-thr.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
7. [Arab Spring:: 2011 Libyan civil war: In the pro-Muammar Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte, National Transitional Council forces are massing in a square about a kilometer (0.6 miles) from the city center, as they weather heavy fire from pro-Gaddafi snipers. ](/news/2011/09/24/arab-spring-2011-libyan-civil-war-in-the-pro-muammar-gaddafi-stronghold-of-sirte-national-transitional-council-forces-are-massing-in-a-s.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte. ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Sirte_
9. [The Libyan National Transitional Council gives an ultimatum to supporters of Muammar Gaddafi in Sirte to surrender by the end of Eid ul-Fitr on Saturday. ](/news/2011/08/30/the-libyan-national-transitional-council-gives-an-ultimatum-to-supporters-of-muammar-gaddafi-in-sirte-to-surrender-by-the-end-of-eid-ul-fitr.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
10. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
