### [2011-10-9](/news/2011/10/9/index.md)

# A magnitude 4.3 earthquake hits the southern coast of El Hierro in the southwestern Canary Islands of Spain, the strongest such earthquake to occur in an earthquake swarm on the island. The quake is believed to have been caused by rising magma, which has forced evacuations amid fears of an impending volcanic eruption, which last occurred on El Hierro in 1793. 

Get the latest digital weather news by visiting our website online. Our live Irish weather broadcast is update 24/7!


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2042873/Earthquake-swarm-Canary-Island-El-Hierro-sparks-fears-volcanic-eruption.html?ito=feeds-newsxml)
2. [Irish Weather Online](http://www.irishweatheronline.com/news/earth-science/geology/volcanic-alert-in-effect-on-el-hierro-as-4-3-magnitude-earthquake-hits/41200.html)
3. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=731865&publicationSubCategoryId=200)

### Related:

1. [Residents of El Hierro in Spain's Canary Islands are evacuated following continuing volcanic activity. ](/news/2011/11/5/residents-of-el-hierro-in-spain-s-canary-islands-are-evacuated-following-continuing-volcanic-activity.md) _Context: Canary Islands', El Hierro, Spain_
2. [Air travel disruption after the 2010 Eyjafjallajkull eruption:Four airports in the Canary Islands and three in southern Spain are closed, Spain's air traffic control agency Aena said. ](/news/2010/05/11/air-travel-disruption-after-the-2010-eyjafjallajokull-eruption-pfour-airports-in-the-canary-islands-and-three-in-southern-spain-are-closed.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spain_
3. [ A prominent human rights campaigner for the Western Sahara region, Aminatou Haidar, who is on hunger strike at an airport in the Canary Islands, is to appear in a Spanish court on charges of public disorder. ](/news/2009/11/17/a-prominent-human-rights-campaigner-for-the-western-sahara-region-aminatou-haidar-who-is-on-hunger-strike-at-an-airport-in-the-canary-isl.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spain_
4. [ Hundreds of firefighters on the Spanish island of La Palma in the Canary Islands are continuing to battle wildfires. ](/news/2009/08/2/hundreds-of-firefighters-on-the-spanish-island-of-la-palma-in-the-canary-islands-are-continuing-to-battle-wildfires.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spain_
5. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canary Islands', Spain_
6. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula,  west of the  Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of  casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-oce.md) _Context: magnitude earthquake_
9. [An earthquake of 6.3 magnitude shakes the Aegean Sea, causing one death. Many houses were damaged in Plomari, Greece, and some collapsed. ](/news/2017/06/12/an-earthquake-of-6-3-magnitude-shakes-the-aegean-sea-causing-one-death-many-houses-were-damaged-in-plomari-greece-and-some-collapsed.md) _Context: magnitude earthquake_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
