### [2011-10-9](/news/2011/10/9/index.md)

# The French Socialist Party holds a nationwide primary election to choose its candidate for the 2012 presidential election, with over 1 million voters participating and Francois Hollande and Martine Aubry entering a run-off election. 

France&#x2019;s&#x20;Socialists&#x20;held&#x20;their&#x20;first-ever&#x20;US-style&#x20;primary&#x20;Sunday&#x20;to&#x20;choose&#x20;their&#x20;candidate&#x20;to&#x20;take&#x20;on&#x20;Nicolas&#x20;Sarkozy&#x20;in&#x20;2012&#x20;presidential&#x20;elections.&#x20;The&#x20;party&#x20;reached&#x20;their&#x20;target&#x20;of&#x20;one&#x20;million&#x20;votes&#x20;cast,&#x20;branding&#x20;the&#x20;election&#x20;a&#x20;great&#x20;success.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-10-10/aubry-hollande-to-run-for-french-socialists-nomination.html)
2. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20111009-ps-socialist-party-france-primaries-presidential-election)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, Francois Hollande, French Socialist Party_
2. [Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/16/francois-hollande-defeats-martine-aubry-in-a-primary-runoff-election-held-by-the-french-socialist-party-becoming-the-party-s-official-candi.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, French Socialist Party, Martine Aubry_
3. [French presidential election, 2017: Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/french-presidential-election-2017-franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, French Socialist Party_
4. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-poll.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, French Socialist Party_
5. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election_
6. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande_
7. [France-United States relations: French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/france-united-states-relations-french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-ab.md) _Context: Francois Hollande_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Francois Hollande_
9. [2016 Nice attack: The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/2016-nice-attack-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-a.md) _Context: Francois Hollande_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Francois Hollande_
