### [2011-10-9](/news/2011/10/9/index.md)

# Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jIp4PfsW5FPzgyx7m2ewWbRGpmGQ?docId=CNG.342b2fda95ff676d661cfb8393d151f9.31)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/10/us-poland-election-idUSTRE79806920111010)

### Related:

1. [ Donald Tusk, leader of the Civic Platform party, is sworn in as Prime Minister of Poland in coalition with the Polish People's Party. ](/news/2007/11/16/donald-tusk-leader-of-the-civic-platform-party-is-sworn-in-as-prime-minister-of-poland-in-coalition-with-the-polish-people-s-party.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk, Polish People's Party, Polish Prime Minister_
2. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
3. [ Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, announces that the United States and Poland have reached an agreement on basing missile defense in Poland. ](/news/2008/08/14/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-announces-that-the-united-states-and-poland-have-reached-an-agreement-on-basing-missile-defense.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
4. [Polish parliamentary election, 2015. Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/polish-parliamentary-election-2015-official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-k.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
5. [Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. ](/news/2014/08/30/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-is-chosen-as-the-president-of-the-european-council-while-federica-mogherini-is-chosen-as-the-hig.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister_
6. [ Poland's Prime Minister Donald Tusk agrees to station SM-3 missile interceptors from United States President Barack Obama's reformulated missile defense system on the territory of this NATO ally. ](/news/2009/10/21/poland-s-prime-minister-donald-tusk-agrees-to-station-sm-3-missile-interceptors-from-united-states-president-barack-obama-s-reformulated-mi.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish_
7. [ Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk declares that Poland should concentrate on getting its economy ready for euro-zone entry as quickly as possible rather than setting a concrete target date to adopt the euro. ](/news/2007/11/24/polish-prime-minister-donald-tusk-declares-that-poland-should-concentrate-on-getting-its-economy-ready-for-euro-zone-entry-as-quickly-as-po.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish_
8. [ Polish Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski is conceding defeat as exit polls give Donald Tusk's Civic Platform a large lead over his ruling nationalists in the parliamentary elections. ](/news/2007/10/21/polish-prime-minister-jaroslaw-kaczynski-is-conceding-defeat-as-exit-polls-give-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-a-large-lead-over-his-ruling-n.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
9. [ Prime Minister of Poland Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz announced a dismissal of Zyta Gilowska, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. PM's advisor Pawel Wojciechowski was introduced as her successor. Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz declared that Gilowska's policy will be continued. ](/news/2006/06/23/prime-minister-of-poland-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-announced-a-dismissal-of-zyta-gilowska-deputy-prime-minister-and-minister-of-finance-pm.md) _Context: Polish, Polish Prime Minister_
10. [ In the Polish presidential election, frontrunner Donald Tusk of the liberal (libertarian) Civic Platform party receives approximately 35.8% of the vote, slightly ahead of Lech Kaczynski of the conservative Law and Justice Party with 33.3%. A run-off election between Tusk and Kaczynski will take place on October 23. ](/news/2005/10/9/in-the-polish-presidential-election-frontrunner-donald-tusk-of-the-liberal-libertarian-civic-platform-party-receives-approximately-35-8.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
