### [2011-12-22](/news/2011/12/22/index.md)

# Human Rights Watch alleges that security forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have been responsible for the deaths of 24 people since the re-election of Joseph Kabila as President. 

Rights watchdog says security forces tried to hide evidence of the killings which took place after disputed election.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2011/12/2011122241113903851.html)

### Related:

1. [At least six people are killed in clashes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the aftermath of disputed general elections in which Joseph Kabila was named President. ](/news/2011/12/10/at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-in-the-aftermath-of-disputed-general-elections-in-which-jo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, presidential election_
2. [December 2016 Congolese protests. Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/december-2016-congolese-protests-clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-jose.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
3. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
4. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
5. [Human Rights Watch claims that police in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's capital Kinshasa had killed at least 51 people in extrajudicial killings in a crackdown on kuluna gangs last November. ](/news/2014/11/18/human-rights-watch-claims-that-police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-had-killed-at-least-51-people-in-extrajudic.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Human Rights Watch_
6. [Activists from the Enough Project reveal through "The Guardian" newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. ](/news/2012/09/25/activists-from-the-enough-project-reveal-through-the-guardian-newspaper-that-omar-al-bashir-s-sudan-and-joseph-kabila-s-dr-congo-together.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
7. [A senior aide to the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, is killed, and the Finance Minister Matata Ponyo Mapon is injured in a plane crash near the town of Bukavu. ](/news/2012/02/12/a-senior-aide-to-the-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-killed-and-the-finance-minister-matata-ponyo-mapo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
8. [Incumbent President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Joseph Kabila is declared the winner of the Congolese general election but lead opposition candidate Etienne Tshisekedi disputes the outcome. ](/news/2011/12/9/incumbent-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-congolese-general-election-but-lead.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, presidential election_
9. [Security is increased in the Congolese capital Kinshasa prior to the announcement of results from presidential and parliamentary elections. ](/news/2011/12/8/security-is-increased-in-the-congolese-capital-kinshasa-prior-to-the-announcement-of-results-from-presidential-and-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, presidential election_
10. [The party of Democratic Republic of the Congo politician tienne Tshisekedi says he has been placed under house arrest in Kinshasa since he claimed to have won the presidential election earlier this year. ](/news/2011/12/30/the-party-of-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-politician-etienne-tshisekedi-says-he-has-been-placed-under-house-arrest-in-kinshasa-since-he.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, presidential election_
