### [2011-01-21](/news/2011/01/21/index.md)

# British prime minister David Cameron's communications chief Andy Coulson resigns after feeling pressure over coverage of the "News of the World" phone hacking scandal. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12251456)

### Related:

1. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News of the World_
2. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-decision-to-hire-andy-coulson-a-former-editor.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News of the World_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
4. [Andy Coulson, former director of communications for British Prime Minister David Cameron, is detained for questioning by police investigating claims of perjury. ](/news/2012/05/30/andy-coulson-former-director-of-communications-for-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-is-detained-for-questioning-by-police-investigatin.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
5. [The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-whi.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World_
6. [Former editor of the "News of the World", Andy Coulson, is arrested for questioning due to alleged involvement in a phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/8/former-editor-of-the-news-of-the-world-andy-coulson-is-arrested-for-questioning-due-to-alleged-involvement-in-a-phone-hacking-affair.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World_
7. [British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/british-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations-he-has-met-senior-news-international-exec.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
8. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World_
9. [BBC executive Craig Oliver is chosen to replace Andy Coulson as British Prime Minister David Cameron's Director of Communications. ](/news/2011/02/2/bbc-executive-craig-oliver-is-chosen-to-replace-andy-coulson-as-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-director-of-communications.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
10. [ David Cameron is asked to dismiss one of his most trusted advisers over allegations of illegal phone hacking by the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid. ](/news/2009/07/9/david-cameron-is-asked-to-dismiss-one-of-his-most-trusted-advisers-over-allegations-of-illegal-phone-hacking-by-the-rupert-murdoch-owned-n.md) _Context: David Cameron, News of the World_
