### [2011-01-21](/news/2011/01/21/index.md)

# United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticises Israel's refusal to cease illegal settlement building on Palestinian land, telling a UN General Assembly gathering that he is "very concerned at the lack of progress towards peace" and that the recent demolition of East Jerusalem's historic Shepherd Hotel and evictions of Palestinian families had "heightened tensions." He later meets survivors of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5ith3tejIoAvYGUDrzoB19LR_fGTA?docId=CNG.32fe8012cd2fb0b4a8b0471a3617b2f4.8b1)
2. [Arab News](http://arabnews.com/saudiarabia/article239503.ece)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12249297)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/01/21/gaza.french.minister/)
5. [KUNA](http://www.kuna.net.kw/NewsAgenciesPublicSite/ArticleDetails.aspx?id=2139547&Language=en)

### Related:

1. [Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. ](/news/2012/05/9/two-palestinian-prisoners-held-in-israel-enter-the-71st-day-of-their-hunger-strikes-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expressed.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
4. [U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon states as "illegal and unhelpful" the plan to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem to make way for a tourist park. ](/news/2010/06/24/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-states-as-illegal-and-unhelpful-the-plan-to-demolish-palestinian-homes-in-east-jerusalem-to-make-way-fo.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, East Jerusalem, United Nations_
5. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-palestine-criti.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
7. [ The United Nations orders Israel to stop evicting Palestinians from East Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/05/2/the-united-nations-orders-israel-to-stop-evicting-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, United Nations_
8. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. ](/news/2009/01/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-an-investigation-into-israel-s-attack-on-the-u-n-s-gaza-strip-headquarters.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-the-december-23-2016-security-council-settl.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
