### [2017-07-5](/news/2017/07/5/index.md)

# A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. 

Some 78 people were killed and dozens more were injured when a truck heavily loaded with goods and passengers crashed in Central African Republic, a doctor has said. The accident happened about six miles outside the town of Bambari as the truck was travelling to a weekly market day in the village of Maloum. &quot;At the moment, we have counted 78 dead and 72 wounded. Some wounded were taken directly to their homes from the accident scene and died there some time after, but most died here,&quot; said Chamberlain Bama, chief doctor at the university hospital in Bambari.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/central-african-republic-truck-crash-78-dead-bambari-a7826186.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
2. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
3. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
4. [Central African general election, 2015-16. Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-pr.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
5. [Central African general election, 2015-16. Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamenta.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
6. [Central African constitutional referendum, 2015. Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence, 39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the legislature cannot participate. ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-constitutional-referendum-2015-central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
7. [Central African Republic constitutional referendum, 2015. While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/central-african-republic-constitutional-referendum-2015-while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-re.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
8. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa. Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
9. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa. Pope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becomin.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [Central African Republic Civil War (2012-present). At least 22 people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/13/central-african-republic-civil-war-2012-present-at-least-22-people-are-killed-this-week-in-a-string-of-raids-on-villages-in-the-central.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
