### [2017-07-5](/news/2017/07/5/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. 

The shootout in Chihuahua comes amid rising violence nationwide.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/at-least-14-killed-in-gunfight-in-drug-plagued-northern-mexico-state/2017/07/05/0fbfe934-61b4-11e7-80a2-8c226031ac3f_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Mexican media reports that hitman Jos Antonio Acosta Hernndez, associated with the La Lnea gang, is arrested in Chihuahua in connection to killing United States consular official and murders at a Juarez birthday party. ](/news/2011/07/30/the-mexican-media-reports-that-hitman-jose-antonio-acosta-hernandez-associated-with-the-la-linea-gang-is-arrested-in-chihuahua-in-connecti.md) _Context: Chihuahua, La Lnea_
2. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War: At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/mexican-drug-war-at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War: Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/mexican-drug-war-two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War: List of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War: Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/mexican-drug-war-list-of-politicians-killed-in-the-mexican-drug-war-gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by "Rolling Stone" magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-drug-war-mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
