### [2017-07-5](/news/2017/07/5/index.md)

# Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-40509498)

### Related:

1. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Julio Borges, President of the National Assembly_
2. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
3. [Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-death-in-the-protests.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
4. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
5. [The President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro suspends plans to eliminate the 100 bolivar note from circulation, in a country where much of the population lives on cash, without bank accounts. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-president-of-venezuela-nicolas-maduro-suspends-plans-to-eliminate-the-100-bolavar-note-from-circulation-in-a-country-where-much-of-th.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Julio Borges, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuela's National Election Council cancels a planned meeting to determine the validity of 1.85 million signatures on a petition for a referendum to oust President Nicols Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/3/venezuela-s-national-election-council-cancels-a-planned-meeting-to-determine-the-validity-of-1-85-million-signatures-on-a-petition-for-a-ref.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
8. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
9. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
