### [2017-07-5](/news/2017/07/5/index.md)

# The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. 

Refugee resettlement agencies say the State Department has given them updated instructions on President Trump&apos;s travel ban that extends...


### Source:

1. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/washington/la-na-essential-washington-updates-trump-administration-extends-travel-ban-1499304520-htmlstory.html)

### Related:

1. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: American_
2. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
3. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air  conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authoriti.md) _Context: American_
4. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: American_
5. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: American_
6. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
7. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: American_
8. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson extends the definition of "close family members" to include grandparents, aunts, and uncles, thereby exempting them from President Donald Trump's travel ban on six Muslim-majority nations. ](/news/2017/07/13/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-phawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-extends-the-definition-of-close-family-members-to-include.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780_
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: American_
10. [A U.S. federal judge halts the possible deportation of Iraqi Chaldean Christian refugees until further review. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-u-s-federal-judge-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-iraqi-chaldean-christian-refugees-until-further-review.md) _Context: American_
