### [2006-01-15](/news/2006/01/15/index.md)

#  Russia and Ukraine are set to enter more diplomatic troubled waters over the alleged occupation of a lighthouse in the Black Sea. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4613102.stm)

### Related:

1. [The cargo ship Volgo Balt 199 sinks in the Black Sea near Istanbul with an Ukrainian and Russian crew of 12. Four crew members are rescued and one is found dead, while the rest are missing. Two rescuers are killed and two others left missing after their boat hit rocks during the search operations. ](/news/2012/12/4/the-cargo-ship-volgo-balt-199-sinks-in-the-black-sea-near-istanbul-with-an-ukrainian-and-russian-crew-of-12-four-crew-members-are-rescued-a.md) _Context: Black Sea, Ukrainians_
2. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
3. [A series of explosions on a military base near the Ukrainian city of Balakliya forces thousands to be evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-series-of-explosions-on-a-military-base-near-the-ukrainian-city-of-balakliya-forces-thousands-to-be-evacuated-from-their-homes.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
4. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
5. [A methane gas explosion occurs at a coal mine in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, killing at least eight miners, with another 20 unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/03/2/a-methane-gas-explosion-occurs-at-a-coal-mine-in-lviv-oblast-ukraine-killing-at-least-eight-miners-with-another-20-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
6. [A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-least-33-people-have.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
7. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
8. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
9. [Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-were-completely-blocked-from-mak.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
10. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Ukrainians_
