### [2006-01-15](/news/2006/01/15/index.md)

#  The French warship Clemenceau's transit through the Suez Canal is approved by Egyptian authorities. This decision is heavily criticized by Greenpeace and other environmental groups. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4615662.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The French warship Clemenceau reaches Egypt and is barred access to the Suez Canal. Two Greenpeace activists board the ship. ](/news/2006/01/12/the-french-warship-clemenceau-reaches-egypt-and-is-barred-access-to-the-suez-canal-two-greenpeace-activists-board-the-ship.md) _Context: Clemenceau, Egypt, Greenpeace India's, Suez Canal_
2. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:: An Egyptian court sentences 26 people to death in absentia for plotting attacks on ships passing through the Suez Canal. ](/news/2014/02/26/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-an-egyptian-court-sentences-26-people-to-death-in-absentia-for-plotting-attacks-on-ships-passing-through-the-sue.md) _Context: Egypt, Suez Canal_
3. [The Red Crescent delays an aid shipment bound for Gaza after being told that Egypt would prevent it from using the internationally neutral Suez Canal. ](/news/2010/06/28/the-red-crescent-delays-an-aid-shipment-bound-for-gaza-after-being-told-that-egypt-would-prevent-it-from-using-the-internationally-neutral-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Suez Canal_
4. [ 26 men accused of plotting attacks on tourist resorts and ships in the Suez Canal on behalf of Lebanon's Hezbollah group go on trial in an Egyptian security court. ](/news/2009/08/23/26-men-accused-of-plotting-attacks-on-tourist-resorts-and-ships-in-the-suez-canal-on-behalf-of-lebanon-s-hezbollah-group-go-on-trial-in-an.md) _Context: Egypt, Suez Canal_
5. [ The United States embassy in Cairo confirms that the crew of a United States Navy-contracted ship killed an Egyptian when it opened fire on a small boat near the Suez Canal. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-united-states-embassy-in-cairo-confirms-that-the-crew-of-a-united-states-navy-contracted-ship-killed-an-egyptian-when-it-opened-fire-on.md) _Context: Egypt, Suez Canal_
6. [Alexandria train collision: Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Egypt_
