### [2006-01-15](/news/2006/01/15/index.md)

#  The Foreign Ministry of Iran announced it will hold a conference to evaluate the validity of the Holocaust, which President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad recently referred to as a "myth". 

Iran says it will hold a conference to examine evidence about the Holocaust, which President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad recently called a &quot;myth.&quot;


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2006/01/15/iran-holocaust-060115.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
3. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
4. [The Iranian ministry of interior sets 14 June 2013 as the date of the next presidential election, for a successor of current president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. For the first time, this election is to be held on the same date as the next municipal elections. ](/news/2012/09/7/the-iranian-ministry-of-interior-sets-14-june-2013-as-the-date-of-the-next-presidential-election-for-a-successor-of-current-president-mahm.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
5. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly starts questioning the President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on his handling of the economy. ](/news/2012/03/14/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-starts-questioning-the-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-on-his-handling-of-the-economy.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
6. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons;  European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
7. [Iran's parliament finds that the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad acted illegally by appointing himself as Oil Minister and refers it to the Judiciary, increasing pressure on him to resign. ](/news/2011/06/1/iran-s-parliament-finds-that-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-acted-illegally-by-appointing-himself-as-oil-minister-and-refers-it-t.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
8. [An explosion at an Abadan oil refinery in southwestern Iran during a visit by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad leads to a fire killing two workers and injuring 20. ](/news/2011/05/24/an-explosion-at-an-abadan-oil-refinery-in-southwestern-iran-during-a-visit-by-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-leads-to-a-fire-kill.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
9. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to end a boycott of official duties, amid an apparent rift with the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ](/news/2011/05/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-is-to-end-a-boycott-of-official-duties-amid-an-apparent-rift-with-the-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-kh.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
10. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismisses Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki for unknown reasons. He is replaced by Ali Akbar Salehi in an acting capacity. ](/news/2010/12/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-dismisses-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-for-unknown-reasons-he-is-replaced-by-ali-akbar-salehi.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran_
