### [2010-09-23](/news/2010/09/23/index.md)

# The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/09/23/un.ahmadinejad.walkouts/)
2. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/english/news/US-Walks-Out-on-Ahmadinejad-UN-Speech-103660664.html)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, Spain, Sweden_
2. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Britain, Israel, Spain, United States_
3. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
4. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations General Assembly, United States_
5. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
6. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, United States_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, United States_
8. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, United States_
9. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Australia, Britain, United States_
10. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls Israel "nothing more than a mosquito" and downplays the idea of war between the two countries, ahead of talks regarding Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/05/12/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-israel-nothing-more-than-a-mosquito-and-downplays-the-idea-of-war-between-the-two-countries-a.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
