### [2007-08-10](/news/2007/08/10/index.md)

#  Another body is found in the Mississippi River as a result of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge collapse in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Divers in Minneapolis found the remains of someone killed in the disaster, bringing the death toll in the collapse to as many as nine, with at least four others still missing.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/10/us/10cnd-bridge2.html?ex=1344398400&en=515f5c3ce0e93726&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [ The bridge carrying Interstate 35W in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapses into the Mississippi River late in the afternoon rush hour, killing thirteen and injuring hundreds. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-bridge-carrying-interstate-35w-in-minneapolis-minnesota-collapses-into-the-mississippi-river-late-in-the-afternoon-rush-hour-killing.md) _Context: I-35W Mississippi River bridge, Minneapolis, Mississippi River_
2. [ Two more bodies have been recovered at the site of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge collapse in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2007/08/9/two-more-bodies-have-been-recovered-at-the-site-of-the-i-35w-mississippi-river-bridge-collapse-in-minneapolis-minnesota.md) _Context: I-35W Mississippi River bridge, Minneapolis_
3. [ The United States Congress allocates $250 million to rebuild the I-35W Mississippi River bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-united-states-congress-allocates-250-million-to-rebuild-the-i-35w-mississippi-river-bridge-in-minneapolis-minnesota.md) _Context: I-35W Mississippi River bridge, Minneapolis_
4. [2015 Missouri flooding: Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/2015-missouri-flooding-record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
5. [2015 Flood in Missouri: Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/2015-flood-in-missouri-missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-floo.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
6. [One fourth-grade child is fatally injured, one is missing, and two others (from a St. Louis Park, Minnesota elementary school) were rescued by firefighters, after a gravel slide at St. Paul, Minnesota's Lilydale Regional Park, near the Mississippi River. The rescue effort was suspended for the night, after conditions got worse. ](/news/2013/05/22/one-fourth-grade-child-is-fatally-injured-one-is-missing-and-two-others-from-a-st-louis-park-minnesota-elementary-school-were-rescued.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
7. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
8. [A black American political candidate "was dragged and set on fire" during his murder in the U.S. state of Mississippi, say his family. The corpse of Marco McMillian was found bruised and burned near a levee on the Mississippi River. ](/news/2013/03/5/a-black-american-political-candidate-was-dragged-and-set-on-fire-during-his-murder-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippi-say-his-family-the-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
9. [A Somali man Omer Abdi Mohamed pleads guilty in the US city of Minneapolis, Minnesota, to helping recruit people to travel to Somalia to assist the terror group al-Shabab. ](/news/2011/07/18/a-somali-man-omer-abdi-mohamed-pleads-guilty-in-the-us-city-of-minneapolis-minnesota-to-helping-recruit-people-to-travel-to-somalia-to-ass.md) _Context: Minneapolis_
10. [Spring 2011 Mississippi River Floods: The United States Coast Guard closes a section of the Mississippi River near Caruthersville, Missouri due to heavy flooding. ](/news/2011/05/6/spring-2011-mississippi-river-floods-the-united-states-coast-guard-closes-a-section-of-the-mississippi-river-near-caruthersville-missouri.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
