### [2007-08-10](/news/2007/08/10/index.md)

#  Envoys from the United States, European Union and Russia visit Serbia and Kosovo seeking a solution to the Kosovo issue. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6939724.stm)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
3. [The European Union and United States impose tougher sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis. ](/news/2014/07/29/the-european-union-and-united-states-impose-tougher-sanctions-against-russia-over-the-ukraine-crisis.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russia and Ukraine together with the United States and the European Union sit down for emergency talks in Geneva. All four agree that "illegal military formations in Ukraine" must be dissolved, and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them. There would be an amnesty for all anti-government protesters under the agreement. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussia-and-ukraine-together-with-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-sit-down-for-emergency-talks-i.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
5. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
6. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
7. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
8. [ At a summit in Nice, France, the European Union and Russia agree to refrain from deploying missiles or missile defense systems at least before mid-2009, when a pan-European security framework is discussed between Russia, the United States and the EU. ](/news/2008/11/14/at-a-summit-in-nice-france-the-european-union-and-russia-agree-to-refrain-from-deploying-missiles-or-missile-defense-systems-at-least-bef.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, United States_
9. [ Radio Television of Kosovo wants to participate as soon as possible in the Eurovision Song Contest and therefore aims to join the European Broadcasting Union. Some EBU members such as Serbia, Russia and Greece may object, as they don't recognise the new Republic of Kosovo. ](/news/2008/04/20/radio-television-of-kosovo-wants-to-participate-as-soon-as-possible-in-the-eurovision-song-contest-and-therefore-aims-to-join-the-european.md) _Context: Kosovo, Russia, Serbia_
10. [ The United States warns the Serbian government that it has a responsibility to protect its assets after about 1,000 protesters set fire to the U.S. embassy in anger at Kosovo's declaration of independence. ](/news/2008/02/22/the-united-states-warns-the-serbian-government-that-it-has-a-responsibility-to-protect-its-assets-after-about-1-000-protesters-set-fire-to.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia, United States_
