### [2007-08-10](/news/2007/08/10/index.md)

#  Novell wins the rights to the copyrights for Unix from the SCO Group in SCO v. Novell decided in the United States District Court in Utah. 




### Source:

1. [Computer World](http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?command=viewArticleBasic&articleId=9030298&intsrc=news_ts_head)

### Related:

1. [United States House of Representatives elections, 2018. Utah representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, announces that he will not run for re-election next year. ](/news/2017/04/19/united-states-house-of-representatives-elections-2018-utah-representative-jason-chaffetz-chairman-of-the-house-oversight-committee-annou.md) _Context: Utah_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Utah_
3. [Volkswagen emissions scandal. A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
4. [Zika virus epidemic. The death of an elderly Utah woman with a Zika virus infection in late June is the first reported Zika-related death in the continental United States. The woman had traveled to an area where Zika is spreading. The exact cause of death has not been determined; the lady had an underlying medical condition. ](/news/2016/07/8/zika-virus-epidemic-the-death-of-an-elderly-utah-woman-with-a-zika-virus-infection-in-late-june-is-the-first-reported-zika-related-death-in.md) _Context: Utah_
5. [ A new species of horned dinosaur, "Machairoceratops cronusi", thought to have lived about 77 million years ago, is discovered in southern Utah. ](/news/2016/05/19/a-new-species-of-horned-dinosaur-machairoceratops-cronusi-thought-to-have-lived-about-77-million-years-ago-is-discovered-in-southern-u.md) _Context: Utah_
6. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: Utah_
7. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortion.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
8. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Utah_
9. [Scott N. Johansen, a Utah Juvenile Court judge, reverses his original order to remove a foster child from same sex-parents. The state Division of Child and Family Services and foster parents all filed motions asking for the reconsideration and promising an appeal. The new decision eliminates the phrase, "It is not in the best interest of children to be raised by same-sex couples" and strikes an order for the child to be placed with a non-same-sex couple. ](/news/2015/11/14/scott-n-johansen-a-utah-juvenile-court-judge-reverses-his-original-order-to-remove-a-foster-child-from-same-sex-parents-the-state-divisi.md) _Context: Utah_
10. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Utah_
