### [2007-08-10](/news/2007/08/10/index.md)

#  Thabo Mbeki, the President of South Africa, sacks Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge as the Deputy Health Minister for attending an AIDS conference in Spain without authorisation and criticising hospital conditions. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6940323.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Former South African President Nelson Mandela breaks a strong taboo when he announces that the death at age 54 of his sole surviving son, Makgatho Mandela, was caused by AIDS, which kills about 600 people daily in South Africa. His action is viewed as being critical of his successor, Thabo Mbeki, who has denied a link between HIV and AIDS. ](/news/2005/01/6/former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-breaks-a-strong-taboo-when-he-announces-that-the-death-at-age-54-of-his-sole-surviving-son-m.md) _Context: AIDS, President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
2. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
3. [ Thabo Mbeki, the President of South Africa, leaves for Japan to attend a conference on African development despite concerns about the 2008 South African riots. ](/news/2008/05/27/thabo-mbeki-the-president-of-south-africa-leaves-for-japan-to-attend-a-conference-on-african-development-despite-concerns-about-the-2008.md) _Context: President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
4. [ The President of South Africa Thabo Mbeki calls in the South African National Defense Force to end the 2008 South Africa riots. ](/news/2008/05/21/the-president-of-south-africa-thabo-mbeki-calls-in-the-south-african-national-defense-force-to-end-the-2008-south-africa-riots.md) _Context: President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
5. [ In South Africa, President Thabo Mbeki names energy and minerals minister Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka as his deputy president. She is the first woman to hold the position. ](/news/2005/06/22/in-south-africa-president-thabo-mbeki-names-energy-and-minerals-minister-phumzile-mlambo-ngcuka-as-his-deputy-president-she-is-the-first.md) _Context: President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
6. [ In South Africa, President Thabo Mbeki announces that the country's elite crime-fighting unit Scorpions will be investigated. There have been claims of political vendettas and mismanagement of funds. ](/news/2005/02/15/in-south-africa-president-thabo-mbeki-announces-that-the-country-s-elite-crime-fighting-unit-scorpions-will-be-investigated-there-have-be.md) _Context: President of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
7. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
