### [2011-10-19](/news/2011/10/19/index.md)

# The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, meets with the Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda, in Seoul. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/10/19/0200000000AEN20111019003600315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan, the Premier of China Wen Jiabao and the President of South Korea Lee Myung Bak meet in Japan and agree to improve cooperation on nuclear and economic issues. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-and-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-meet-in-japan-and-agre.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, Prime Minister, South Korean President_
2. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
3. [South Koreans take to the streets en masse demanding the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amidst a corruption scandal. Around 1.5 million people rallied in the capital Seoul, while another 400,000 people demonstrated in provincial cities. ](/news/2016/11/26/south-koreans-take-to-the-streets-en-masse-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-amidst-a-corruption-scandal-around-1-5-mill.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
4. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
5. [South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye-s-influence-peddling.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
6. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Seoul_
7. [Former President Kim Young-sam, who formally ended decades of military rule in South Korea, dies in a Seoul hospital from a severe blood infection. He was 87. ](/news/2015/11/22/former-president-kim-young-sam-who-formally-ended-decades-of-military-rule-in-south-korea-dies-in-a-seoul-hospital-from-a-severe-blood-inf.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
8. [A day after Sunday's  trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe  are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met  in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minis.md) _Context: Prime Minister, South Korean President_
9. [Park Geun-hye is sworn in as the first female President of South Korea in the capital Seoul. ](/news/2013/02/25/park-geun-hye-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-president-of-south-korea-in-the-capital-seoul.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korean President_
10. [Japanese police rescue four hostages from a Toyokawa Shinkin bank and arrest the knife-wielding man who had held them captive for more than 12 hours while demanding that Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda resign. ](/news/2012/11/22/japanese-police-rescue-four-hostages-from-a-toyokawa-shinkin-bank-and-arrest-the-knife-wielding-man-who-had-held-them-captive-for-more-than.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
