### [2011-10-19](/news/2011/10/19/index.md)

# The parent of American Airlines, AMR, reports a larger third-quarter loss than expected, due to the cost of aviation fuel and the volatility of foreign exchange. 

American Airlines, struggling to regain financial footing relative to stronger rivals, made little progress toward assuaging investor concerns when it reported a wider-than-expected quarterly loss on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/19/us-amr-idUSTRE79I38K20111019)

### Related:

1. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
2. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: American Airlines_
3. [An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international-airport-seven-passengers-and-one-fl.md) _Context: American Airlines_
4. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: American Airlines_
5. [US Airways final flight, Flight 1939 - named for the airline's founding year, landed at Philadelphia International Airport at 5:54 a.m. Saturday. Future flights will fly under the American Airlines banner, completing the merger announced in 2013.  ](/news/2015/10/17/us-airways-final-flight-flight-1939-a-named-for-the-airline-s-founding-year-landed-at-philadelphia-international-airport-at-5-54-a-m-sa.md) _Context: American Airlines_
6. [American Airlines halts flights for 90 minutes at its major hubs in Chicago, Dallas, and Miami because of a computer glitch. The incident produces a cascading effect of delays throughout all US airlines. ](/news/2015/09/17/american-airlines-halts-flights-for-90-minutes-at-its-major-hubs-in-chicago-dallas-and-miami-because-of-a-computer-glitch-the-incident-pr.md) _Context: American Airlines_
7. [American Airlines Group is formed from the merger of AMR Corporation and US Airways Group and begins trading on the NASDAQ. ](/news/2013/12/9/american-airlines-group-is-formed-from-the-merger-of-amr-corporation-and-us-airways-group-and-begins-trading-on-the-nasdaq.md) _Context: AMR Corporation_
8. [United States Supreme Court associate justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns down a stay to block the December 9 American Airlines/US Airways merger. ](/news/2013/12/7/united-states-supreme-court-associate-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-turns-down-a-stay-to-block-the-december-9-american-airlines-us-airways-mer.md) _Context: American Airlines_
9. [U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Sean Lane, who is overseeing the case of the bankruptcy reorganization of American Airlines, gives his required approval to the American Airlines-US Airways merger, dismissing the objection of a passenger's group, clearing the way for it to go forward in December 2013 unless there is an appeal. ](/news/2013/11/27/u-s-bankruptcy-court-judge-sean-lane-who-is-overseeing-the-case-of-the-bankruptcy-reorganization-of-american-airlines-gives-his-required.md) _Context: American Airlines_
10. [The United States Department of Justice and six states file an antitrust lawsuit to block the proposed merger of American Airlines and US Airways. ](/news/2013/08/13/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-six-states-file-an-antitrust-lawsuit-to-block-the-proposed-merger-of-american-airlines-and-us-ai.md) _Context: American Airlines_
