### [2011-10-19](/news/2011/10/19/index.md)

# The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. 




### Source:

1. [New Mexico Business Weekly](http://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2011/10/19/bank-of-america-no-longer-biggest-us.html)

### Related:

1. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, United States_
2. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase_
3. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase_
4. [A United States bankruptcy judge orders Bank of America to return $500 million it seized from the bank accounts of the defunct Lehman Brothers trading firm a few weeks before Lehman declared bankruptcy in 2008. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-united-states-bankruptcy-judge-orders-bank-of-america-to-return-500-million-it-seized-from-the-bank-accounts-of-the-defunct-lehman-brothe.md) _Context: Bank of America, United States_
5. [U.S. investment bank JPMorgan Chase is in talks to buy natural gas firm RBS Sempra for about US$4 billion. ](/news/2010/01/20/u-s-investment-bank-jpmorgan-chase-is-in-talks-to-buy-natural-gas-firm-rbs-sempra-for-about-us-4-billion.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, United States_
6. [ The United States Supervisory Capital Assessment Program finds that financial services companies JPMorgan Chase, and American Express do not need more capital from the Troubled Asset Relief Program. ](/news/2009/05/6/the-united-states-supervisory-capital-assessment-program-finds-that-financial-services-companies-jpmorgan-chase-and-american-express-do-no.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, United States_
7. [ United States investment bank Bear Stearns gets emergency funding from JPMorgan Chase, with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's backing. ](/news/2008/03/14/united-states-investment-bank-bear-stearns-gets-emergency-funding-from-jpmorgan-chase-with-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-new-york-s-backing.md) _Context: JPMorgan Chase, United States_
8. [ Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase agree to a US$75 billion plan designed to heal the credit markets. ](/news/2007/11/12/bank-of-america-citigroup-and-jpmorgan-chase-agree-to-a-us-75-billion-plan-designed-to-heal-the-credit-markets.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase_
9. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
10. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: United States_
