### [2010-08-31](/news/2010/08/31/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. 

In an address from the Oval Office, President Obama said that the nation had met its responsibility to Iraq and would now turn to domestic concerns.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/09/01/world/01military.html?src=mv)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iraq, United States, United States President, United States military_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama will withdraw most soldiers from the Iraq War by August 2010. ](/news/2009/02/26/united-states-president-barack-obama-will-withdraw-most-soldiers-from-the-iraq-war-by-august-2010.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iraq, United States, United States President, United States military_
3. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iraq, United States, United States President_
4. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President, United States military_
5. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will end the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy against homosexuals serving in the U.S. military. ](/news/2009/10/10/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-end-the-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-against-homosexuals-serving-in-the-u-s-milit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President, United States military_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will withdraw most soldiers from the Iraq War by August 2010. ](/news/2009/02/27/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-withdraw-most-soldiers-from-the-iraq-war-by-august-2010.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President, United States military_
7. [ United States President Barack Obama authorizes the deployment of 12,000 more soldiers into the Afghanistan War. ](/news/2009/02/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-authorizes-the-deployment-of-12-000-more-soldiers-into-the-afghanistan-war.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President, United States military_
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States President_
10. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, United States military_
