### [2010-08-31](/news/2010/08/31/index.md)

# The Russian embassy in the Belarussian capital Minsk is attacked with firebombs; Russia says the incident is "outrageous". 

An unknown assailant threw two fire bombs at the Russian embassy in Minsk late on Monday, in an attack that hurt nobody but destroyed an embassy car, a Belarussian Emergencies Ministry spokesman said on Tuesday. Vitaly Novitsky said the motive for the attack and the identity of the perpetrator were unknown. Belarussian Foreign Ministry spokesman Andrei Savinykh condemned the attack as a hooligan stunt aimed at hurting Belarusian-Russian relations, the Belapan news agency reported. The embassy has asked the Belarussian Foreign Ministry for help investigating what is believed to be the first such attack. In Moscow, police said security near the Belarussian embassy in the Russian capital had been increased as a result of the attack, Interfax reported. Relations between traditional allies Russia and Belarus have soured over recent months as Minsk struggles to reduce its dependence on Moscow. In April Minsk gave refuge to former Kyrgyz leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev, who was criticised by Moscow, and in June Belarus threatened to cut Russian gas transit to Europe in a pricing dispute. (Reporting by Olga Tomashevskaya in Minsk; writing by Amie Ferris-Rotman in Moscow; Editing by Jon Boyle)


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/Russian-mission-in-Minsk-attacked/articleshow/6468560.cms)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100831/160407269.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSLDE67U07F)

### Related:

1. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk, Russia_
2. [Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-tax-on-the-unemployed.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
3. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
4. [The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that-their-countries-are-ready-to-discus.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
5. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
6. [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
7. [The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect ](/news/2015/01/1/the-eurasian-economic-union-between-russia-kazakhstan-belarus-kyrgyzstan-and-armenia-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
8. [The local KGB in Minsk arrests about 100 Ukrainian and 30 Belarusian soccer fans at a qualifying match between Ukraine and Belarus for the 2016 European Championship after they a sang the song, Putin-Huilo! (which roughly translates as "Putin is a dickhead!"). ](/news/2014/10/10/the-local-kgb-in-minsk-arrests-about-100-ukrainian-and-30-belarusian-soccer-fans-at-a-qualifying-match-between-ukraine-and-belarus-for-the-2.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
10. [Belarusian human rights' activist Ales Bialiatski is freed from prison and is received by his wife and supporters in Minsk. ](/news/2014/06/21/belarusian-human-rights-activist-ales-bialiatski-is-freed-from-prison-and-is-received-by-his-wife-and-supporters-in-minsk.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
