### [2015-07-27](/news/2015/07/27/index.md)

# Philippines President Benigno Aquino III holds his final State of the Nation Address before stepping down in 2016. He advocates the passage of the Bangsamoro Basic Law and an anti-dynasty bill. 




### Source:

1. [CNN Philippines](http://cnnphilippines.com/news/2015/07/26/Protesters-police-clash-at-Aquino-QC-residence.html)
2. [GMA News Online](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/529366/news/nation/pnoy-bats-for-bbl-anti-dynasty-law-in-last-sona-still-mum-on-foi)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-riv.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines, his predecessor_
2. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III announces that he plans to run for a second term in the 2016 election contrary to provisions on term limits in the constitution of the Philippines set up by his mother, Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2014/08/14/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-announces-that-he-plans-to-run-for-a-second-term-in-the-2016-election-contrary-to-provisions-on-ter.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines, his predecessor_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines_
4. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
5. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Philippines_
6. [ASEAN Summit: United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
7. [Maguindanao massacre: Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians, in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/maguindanao-massacre-human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-p.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
8. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:: President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-president-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-s.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, his predecessor_
10. [A journalist from CNN is shot and killed in the Philippines, the 27th journalist murdered during the administration of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/06/25/a-journalist-from-cnn-is-shot-and-killed-in-the-philippines-the-27th-journalist-murdered-during-the-administration-of-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Philippines, his predecessor_
