### [2015-07-27](/news/2015/07/27/index.md)

# The Turkish National Police warns of possible bomb attacks on crowded places in central Istanbul, including metro stations and bus stops, following the escalation of Turkey-ISIL conflict. 

The Istanbul Police Department has issued of bomb attack warnings on crowded places in central Istanbul, such as metro stations and bus stops, several media reports said


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/bomb-warning-issued-for-istanbul-media-reports-claim.aspx?pageID=238&nID=86011&NewsCatID=341)

### Related:

1. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
2. [Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-killed-during-a-raid-on-a-house-used-by-militants-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-in-so.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
3. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
4. [Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel-forces-caused-symptoms.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
5. [A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-during-a-police-raid.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
6. [Turkish police arrest a total of 41 people in connection with the Istanbul Ataturk Airport terrorist attack. ](/news/2016/07/2/turkish-police-arrest-a-total-of-41-people-in-connection-with-the-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-terrorist-attack.md) _Context: Turkish police_
7. [Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb-explosion-near-the-main-tour.md) _Context: Turkish police_
8. [Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-as.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
9. [  Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)] Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turki.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
10. [ Two Turkish police officers are killed in a suspected Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) bomb attack in the eastern province of Van. ](/news/2016/05/30/two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-suspected-kurdistan-workersa-party-pkk-bomb-attack-in-the-eastern-province-of-van.md) _Context: Turkish police_
