### [2005-11-11](/news/2005/11/11/index.md)

#  Three British prisoners are freed in Iran after pressure from the British Foreign Office. The trio were seized at by Iranian Navy patrol boats on 28 October, when they sailed their boat to the disputed island of Abu Musa, which is claimed by both Iran and the United Arab Emirates. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4427096.stm)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom_
2. [Iran accuses Germany, United Arab Emirates and United Kingdom of refusing to provide fuel to its passenger planes. ](/news/2010/07/5/iran-accuses-germany-united-arab-emirates-and-united-kingdom-of-refusing-to-provide-fuel-to-its-passenger-planes.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom_
3. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
4. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Britain and Iran reopen embassies in each others' capitals that had been closed after Iranian protesters stormed the British embassy on November 29, 2011. ](/news/2015/08/23/britain-and-iran-reopen-embassies-in-each-others-capitals-that-had-been-closed-after-iranian-protesters-stormed-the-british-embassy-on-nove.md) _Context: Iran, United Kingdom_
7. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Iran, United Kingdom_
8. [Iran pursues the 1953 Iranian coup d'tat case, which was orchestrated by US and Britain, in the international courts at The Hague. CIA officially admitted role in the coup on 20 August 2013. ](/news/2013/08/28/iran-pursues-the-1953-iranian-coup-d-etat-case-which-was-orchestrated-by-us-and-britain-in-the-international-courts-at-the-hague-cia-offi.md) _Context: Iran, United Kingdom_
9. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Iran, United Kingdom_
10. [Retired British businessman Christopher Tappin is sentenced to 33 months in prison by a U.S. court after pleading guilty to selling weapon parts to Iran. ](/news/2013/01/9/retired-british-businessman-christopher-tappin-is-sentenced-to-33-months-in-prison-by-a-u-s-court-after-pleading-guilty-to-selling-weapon-p.md) _Context: Iran, United Kingdom_
