### [2013-10-25](/news/2013/10/25/index.md)

# In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". 

EU leaders meeting in Brussels say distrust of the US over spying could harm intelligence-gathering in the fight against terrorism.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24668286#)

### Related:

1. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, U.S._
2. [Germany summons the United States Ambassador over claims that the US monitored Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel's mobile phone. ](/news/2013/10/24/germany-summons-the-united-states-ambassador-over-claims-that-the-us-monitored-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-s-mobile-phone.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Germany, U.S._
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, Germany_
4. [Zimbabwe requests apologies from American, German and European Union envoys who walked out of the burial ceremony for President Robert Mugabe's sister; they refuse to apologise. ](/news/2010/08/3/zimbabwe-requests-apologies-from-american-german-and-european-union-envoys-who-walked-out-of-the-burial-ceremony-for-president-robert-mugab.md) _Context: European Union, Germany, U.S._
5. [ Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-including-brussels-paris-and-prague-in-an.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe, Germany_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, U.S._
7. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost EUR800 million. ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, Germany_
8. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Europe, Germany_
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
10. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Germany_
