### [2015-05-26](/news/2015/05/26/index.md)

# A man dies of the rare Lassa fever in the American state of New Jersey after returning from West Africa. 

A US man died of a rare African virus in New Jersey after returning from West Africa but the risk of contagion is very low, US health authorities said Tuesday. The man died of Lassa fever, New Jersey health authorities and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said. Although the virus


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/us-man-dies-lassa-fever-165520606.html)

### Related:

1. [Politics of New Jersey: Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-new-jersey-amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: New Jersey_
2. [New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2017: American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/new-jersey-gubernatorial-election-2017-american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumben.md) _Context: New Jersey_
3. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: New Jersey_
4. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crashes in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, killing at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crashes-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: New Jersey_
5. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: West Africa_
6. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: West Africa_
7. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: West Africa_
8. [Gambian presidential election, 2016: Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/gambian-presidential-election-2016-leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-g.md) _Context: West Africa_
9. [2016 Hoboken train crash: A commuter train accident at the Hoboken Terminal in New Jersey leaves one woman dead and 114 others injured. Major structural damage occurs to the station with portions of the roof collapsed. ](/news/2016/09/29/2016-hoboken-train-crash-a-commuter-train-accident-at-the-hoboken-terminal-in-new-jersey-leaves-one-woman-dead-and-114-others-injured-majo.md) _Context: New Jersey_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-g.md) _Context: New Jersey_
