### [2015-05-26](/news/2015/05/26/index.md)

# The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force will for the first time participate in Exercise Talisman Saber, a joint exercise between the United States and Australia. 

Japanese troops will take part in a major US-Australian military exercise for the first time in July.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-26/japan-to-join-major-australia-us-military-training-drill/6498432)

### Related:

1. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
2. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-their-ties-with-the-philippines-if.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
3. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
6. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express-s.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
7. [Australia and the United States lift sanctions against Fiji following recent democratic elections. ](/news/2014/10/31/australia-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-against-fiji-following-recent-democratic-elections.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
8. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
9. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama arrives in Australia for a visit to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the signing of the ANZUS treaty; the United States and Australia announce an agreement to expand military cooperation between them, including the stationing of up to 2,500 U.S. Marines near Darwin. ](/news/2011/11/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-arrives-in-australia-for-a-visit-to-commemorate-the-60th-anniversary-of-the-signing-of-the-a.md) _Context: Australia, U.S._
