### [2015-05-26](/news/2015/05/26/index.md)

# Tornadoes of 2015: Thirteen die in Ciudad Acuna, Mexico in the city's first-ever tornado. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-32877631)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015: A tornado kills at least thirteen people in the Mexican city of Ciudad Acuna and injures 88. ](/news/2015/05/25/tornadoes-of-2015-a-tornado-kills-at-least-thirteen-people-in-the-mexican-city-of-ciudad-acua-a-and-injures-88.md) _Context: Ciudad Acuna, Tornadoes of 2015_
2. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter: 2015-2016 El Nino event: At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
3. [Tornadoes of 2015: The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/tornadoes-of-2015-the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-a.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
4. [Tornadoes of 2015: Officials report the casualties from yesterday's spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/tornadoes-of-2015-officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
5. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
6. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least one person is killed and another injured in a tornado in the town of Cisco, Texas with tornadoes also reported in eastern Colorado. ](/news/2015/05/9/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-another-injured-in-a-tornado-in-the-town-of-cisco-texas-with-tornadoes-also-reported-i.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
7. [Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. ](/news/2015/05/6/tornadoes-of-2015-tornadoes-are-reported-across-several-states-in-the-great-plains-region-of-the-united-states-including-oklahoma-kansas-a.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
8. [Tornadoes of 2015 and 2015 Texas-Oklahoma flood and tornado outbreak: The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. ](/news/2015/05/28/tornadoes-of-2015-and-2015-texas-oklahoma-flood-and-tornado-outbreak-the-death-toll-from-the-recent-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texa.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
9. [Tornadoes of 2015: At least 36 people are hospitalised and 30 per cent of the town of Van, Texas is damaged by a tornado. ](/news/2015/05/10/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-36-people-are-hospitalised-and-30-per-cent-of-the-town-of-van-texas-is-damaged-by-a-tornado.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015: A violent storm system spawns at least one tornado killing two people and injuring seven others in the American state of Illinois and causing widespread damage especially in the small towns of Rochelle and Fairdale. ](/news/2015/04/9/tornadoes-of-2015-a-violent-storm-system-spawns-at-least-one-tornado-killing-two-people-and-injuring-seven-others-in-the-american-state-of.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015_
