### [2003-02-21](/news/2003/02/21/index.md)

#  Michael Jordan makes NBA history when he scores 43 points for the Washington Wizards versus the New Jersey Nets, becoming the first player over 40 years old to score 40 or more points in a game, and leading the Wizards to an 89-86 win.




### Related:

1. [ The San Antonio Spurs become NBA basketball champions by defeating the New Jersey Nets in game six of the 2003 NBA Finals, 88-77. It is the Spurs second franchise title.](/news/2003/06/15/the-san-antonio-spurs-become-nba-basketball-champions-by-defeating-the-new-jersey-nets-in-game-six-of-the-2003-nba-finals-88a77-it-is-t.md) _Context: NBA's, New Jersey Nets_
2. [ After fourteen years of playing NBA basketball, NBA superstar Michael Jordan announces his second retirement from basketball.](/news/1999/01/13/after-fourteen-years-of-playing-nba-basketball-nba-superstar-michael-jordan-announces-his-second-retirement-from-basketball.md) _Context: Michael Jordan, NBA's_
3. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA's_
4. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA's_
5. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: NBA's_
6. [NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. ](/news/2014/04/29/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-announces-that-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-is-banned-from-the-league-for-life-after-a-recording.md) _Context: NBA's_
7. [While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. ](/news/2011/08/30/while-reportedly-on-his-way-to-surrender-to-police-in-atlanta-georgia-to-face-murder-charges-former-national-basketball-association-player.md) _Context: NBA's_
8. [The Cleveland Cavaliers set a new record for consecutive losses in a single National Basketball Association season in the United States. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-cleveland-cavaliers-set-a-new-record-for-consecutive-losses-in-a-single-national-basketball-association-season-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: NBA's_
9. [NBA free agent LeBron James announces in an hour-long TV special that he plans to sign with the Miami Heat for the upcoming season. ](/news/2010/07/8/nba-free-agent-lebron-james-announces-in-an-hour-long-tv-special-that-he-plans-to-sign-with-the-miami-heat-for-the-upcoming-season.md) _Context: NBA's_
10. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: NBA's_
