### [2007-12-10](/news/2007/12/10/index.md)

#  Subtropical Storm Olga forms north of Puerto Rico, ten days after the official end of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Hurricane Center forecasts landfall in the Dominican Republic within 24 hours, and Tropical Storm Warnings and Watches have been posted for the northern shore of the nation. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-7142371,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
2. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, National Hurricane Center_
3. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
4. [The death toll of a boat sunk with more than 70 people from Samana, Dominican Republic, trying to illegally enter Puerto Rico, reaches 47. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-death-toll-of-a-boat-sunk-with-more-than-70-people-from-samana-dominican-republic-trying-to-illegally-enter-puerto-rico-reaches-47.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
5. [The death toll from Hurricane Irene reaches 40 in the contiguous United States plus three people in the Dominican Republic and one in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2011/08/30/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-irene-reaches-40-in-the-contiguous-united-states-plus-three-people-in-the-dominican-republic-and-one-in-puerto.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
6. [Tropical Storm Emily forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings issued for Puerto Rico, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/1/tropical-storm-emily-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-issued-for-puerto-rico-guadeloupe-desirade-les-saintes-mar.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
7. [ El Vocero reports that 50 out of 129 illegal immigrants travelling by boat from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico have been massacred by the ship's captains.](/news/2004/08/23/el-vocero-reports-that-50-out-of-129-illegal-immigrants-travelling-by-boat-from-the-dominican-republic-to-puerto-rico-have-been-massacred-b.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, island_
8. [Hurricane Jose intensifies into an "extremely dangerous" Category 4 hurricane as it nears the northern Leeward Islands, according to the National Hurricane Center. ](/news/2017/09/8/hurricane-jose-intensifies-into-an-extremely-dangerous-category-4-hurricane-as-it-nears-the-northern-leeward-islands-according-to-the-nat.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
9. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: island_
10. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
