### [2007-12-20](/news/2007/12/20/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Tom Tancredo withdraws as a candidate for the Republican nomination and endorses Mitt Romney. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-7168909,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. ](/news/2008/02/16/united-states-presidential-election-2008-a-majority-of-michigan-s-republican-delegates-say-that-they-will-support-john-mccain-following-t.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
3. [ United States presidential candidate Mitt Romney wins the Republican Party's Ames Straw Poll in Ames, Iowa. ](/news/2007/08/11/united-states-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-party-s-ames-straw-poll-in-ames-iowa.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney (R) formally announces his candidacy for president. ](/news/2007/02/13/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-massachusetts-mitt-romney-r-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-president.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
5. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
6. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
7. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
8. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
9. [Voters in the US state of Texas go to the polls for primary elections, with Mitt Romney securing the Republican nomination in the Republican primary. ](/news/2012/05/29/voters-in-the-us-state-of-texas-go-to-the-polls-for-primary-elections-with-mitt-romney-securing-the-republican-nomination-in-the-republican.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
10. [In the United States, prospective Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemns same-sex marriage as illegitimate. At the evangelical Christian Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, he describes marriage as exclusively "a relationship between one man and one woman." ](/news/2012/05/12/in-the-united-states-prospective-republican-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-condemns-same-sex-marriage-as-illegitimate-at-the-evangelic.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
