### [2017-02-16](/news/2017/02/16/index.md)

# According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. 

Army completes ‘clearance operation’ which UN says has caused 69,000 people to flee to Bangladesh


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/16/myanmar-military-crackdown-against-rohingyas-has-ceased)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/0ea62cd6bdecc189cd5c95a528bb402401c082bd/0_49_3960_2376/master/3960.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=4ddf81572799aebf7afd52b2c9ac6e60)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Myanmar's military, Rohingya, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing_
2. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rakhine State, Rohingya_
3. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rakhine State, Rohingya_
4. [The United Nations calls for action to end renewed hostilities between ethnic Buddhists and Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar's western Rakhine State that have killed dozens and displaced more than 22,500. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-united-nations-calls-for-action-to-end-renewed-hostilities-between-ethnic-buddhists-and-muslim-rohingya-in-myanmar-s-western-rakhine-sta.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya, United Nations_
5. [More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. ](/news/2017/09/5/more-than-123-000-rohingya-refugees-have-fled-myanmar-and-crossed-into-bangladesh-due-to-escalating-violence-by-the-myanmar-army.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rohingya_
6. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya_
7. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: 2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar, Rohingya_
8. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
9. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Rohingya, United Nations_
10. [A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Rohingya, United Nations_
