### [2017-02-16](/news/2017/02/16/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. 

A car bomb in southern Baghdad kills at least 48 people - the third such blast in three days.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38995832)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite_
3. [Iraqi civil war (2014-present). Ar-Rutbah offensive (2016). Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ar-rutbah-offensive-2016-iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 11 May 2016 Baghdad bombings. At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-11-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber kills at least nine people at a Shi'ite mosque in southwestern Baghdad. A second attacker was shot dead by security forces before he could detonate his explosives. ](/news/2016/04/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-nine-people-at-a-shi-ite-mosque-in-southwestern-baghdad-a-second-attacker.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Shi'ite_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iskandariya suicide bombing. At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iskandariya-suicide-bombing-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two ISIL suicide bombers attack a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, killing at least 15 people. ](/news/2016/02/25/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-isil-suicide-bombers-attack-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
