### [2017-02-16](/news/2017/02/16/index.md)

# Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order. The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. 

The DOJ told a federal court Thursday that there&#x27;s no point in further court battles over President Trump&#x27;s executive order on immigration.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/justice-department-opposes-new-hearing-trump-travel-restrictions-n722011?google_editors_picks=true)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
2. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [Medical marijuana. A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment, cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws. ](/news/2016/08/16/medical-marijuana-a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [Raytheon. Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780. A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [Monkey selfie. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [United States immigration policy. A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/united-states-immigration-policy-a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-impl.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension. The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/u-s-immigration-suspension-the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
