### [2017-02-16](/news/2017/02/16/index.md)

# The U.S. Senate confirms, 51-49, Congressman Mick Mulvaney to head the Office of Management and Budget. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/02/16/senators-confirm-trumps-pick-to-deal-with-the-federal-budget/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump, United States Senate_
2. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump, United States Senate_
3. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump, United States Senate_
4. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Office of Management and Budget, United States Senate_
5. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon Mark E. Green withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of political opposition. Green was the Trump Administration's second nominee for this position. ](/news/2017/05/5/tennessee-state-senator-and-former-army-flight-surgeon-mark-e-green-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-army-because.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order-to-have-time-for-his-family.md) _Context: Political appointments of Donald Trump_
