### [2017-02-16](/news/2017/02/16/index.md)

# United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. 

Geneva-based team will investigate ‘abuses that amount to international crimes’ and prepare files for future prosecutions


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/16/syria-un-sets-up-unit-to-aid-prosecutions-of-war-crimes)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/93d579abadca0256f2fac2afa2acfcc0d41c7797/0_145_3500_2100/master/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=2100484b4983740eaa39818232d5fbd8)

### Related:

1. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Geneva, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Geneva, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide, war crimes_
4. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide, war crimes_
5. [ A United Nations report makes accusations of killings, torture and rape of civilians in Sudan's Darfur area, and calls for those accused of carrying out war crimes to be put on trial. The report stops short of calling the events a genocide. ](/news/2005/02/1/a-united-nations-report-makes-accusations-of-killings-torture-and-rape-of-civilians-in-sudan-s-darfur-area-and-calls-for-those-accused-of.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide, war crimes_
6. [ Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, a University of Belgrade Faculty of Law graduate, opens his defence at the trial which accuses him of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes for his alleged role in the conflicts in which tens of thousands were killed. He maintains the charges are 'unscrupulous lies'. ](/news/2004/08/31/former-yugoslav-president-slobodan-miloa-evic-a-university-of-belgrade-faculty-of-law-graduate-opens-his-defence-at-the-trial-which-accus.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide, war crimes_
7. [ A United Nations tribunal trying the alleged masterminds of Rwanda's 1994 genocide convicts former finance minister Emmanuel Ndindabahizi on three counts of genocide and crimes against humanity, sentencing him to life in prison.](/news/2004/07/16/a-united-nations-tribunal-trying-the-alleged-masterminds-of-rwanda-s-1994-genocide-convicts-former-finance-minister-emmanuel-ndindabahizi-o.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity, genocide_
8. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
9. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
