### [2016-06-25](/news/2016/06/25/index.md)

# A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. 

A massive wildfire burning out of control in the foothills of central California has left at least 150 homes in ruins and damaged another 75, officials said on Saturday, warning that more residents may be forced to flee the advancing flames.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-wildfires-idUSKCN0ZB0V5)

### Related:

1. [Governor of California Jerry Brown signs a bill into law requiring all children to get vaccinations before being allowed to go to school or day care. ](/news/2015/06/30/governor-of-california-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-into-law-requiring-all-children-to-get-vaccinations-before-being-allowed-to-go-to-school-or.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
2. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
3. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a drought emergency and asks residents of the state to voluntarily conserve water. ](/news/2014/01/17/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-drought-emergency-and-asks-residents-of-the-state-to-voluntarily-conserve-water.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
4. [The Governor of the US state of California Jerry Brown signs off on billions of savings to the budget but acknowledges that billions more in savings or revenue increases need to be found to resolve the ongoing budget crisis. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-california-jerry-brown-signs-off-on-billions-of-savings-to-the-budget-but-acknowledges-that-billions-more-in.md) _Context: Governor of California, Jerry Brown_
5. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Barbara County, California with hundreds of people ordered to evacuate due to wildfire. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-barbara-county-california-with-hundreds-of-people.md) _Context: Governor of California, wildfire_
6. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency in 50 counties, as winter storms kill four and cause millions of dollars in damage. ](/news/2017/01/24/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-50-counties-as-winter-storms-kill-four-and-cause-millions-of-dollars-in-da.md) _Context: Jerry Brown_
7. [At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dolly-parton-s-dollywood-resort.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [The cost, so far, of battling the wildfire  on California's scenic Big Sur coast is $206.7 million --  the costliest in U.S. history, according to the National Interagency Fire Center. The blaze, which was first reported on July 22, is currently 67 percent contained. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-cost-so-far-of-battling-the-wildfire-on-california-s-scenic-big-sur-coast-is-206-7-million-a-the-costliest-in-u-s-history-accor.md) _Context: 2016 California wildfires_
9. [The out-of-control Pilot Fire hits 7,500 acres of bone-dry tinder and brush in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles. More than 5,000 homes are under evacuation orders. Authorities shut down school districts in the area. ](/news/2016/08/9/the-out-of-control-pilot-fire-hits-7-500-acres-of-bone-dry-tinder-and-brush-in-the-san-bernardino-mountains-east-of-los-angeles-more-than-5.md) _Context: 2016 California wildfires_
10. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: wildfire_
