### [2016-06-25](/news/2016/06/25/index.md)

# A petition calling for a second EU referendum has topped two million signatures - more than doubling the highest signed in UK parliamentary history. 

Shadow foreign secretary Hilary Benn is sacked from the shadow cabinet amid claims he was encouraging Labour ministers to resign if Jeremy Corbyn ignored a no confidence vote outcome.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36632539)
2. [Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/brexit-petition-hits-two-million-8281945)

### Related:

1. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: Parliament, referendum_
2. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Parliament_
3. [Moscow police detain five protesters after they attempted to deliver a petition to investigate the status of LGBT rights in Chechnya to the Prosecutor General of Russia. ](/news/2017/05/11/moscow-police-detain-five-protesters-after-they-attempted-to-deliver-a-petition-to-investigate-the-status-of-lgbt-rights-in-chechnya-to-the.md) _Context: petition_
4. [Voters in Switzerland approve a referendum that makes it easier for third-generation immigrants  to become citizens. ](/news/2017/02/12/voters-in-switzerland-approve-a-referendum-that-makes-it-easier-for-third-generation-immigrants-to-become-citizens.md) _Context: referendum_
5. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: Parliament_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move.  ](/news/2017/01/24/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-may-not-begin-the-formal-brexit-process-until-parlia.md) _Context: Parliament_
7. [The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european-union-by-triggeri.md) _Context: Parliament_
8. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: referendum_
9. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Parliament_
10. [The London FTSE index recovers from its losses after the result of the European Union membership referendum, closing at its highest level since April. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-london-ftse-index-recovers-from-its-losses-after-the-result-of-the-european-union-membership-referendum-closing-at-its-highest-level-si.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
