### [2016-06-25](/news/2016/06/25/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant urges its supporters in Indonesia and Malaysia to go to the Philippines and fight against newly-elected president Rodrigo Duterte. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/137573-isis-fight-southeast-asia-philippines)

### Related:

1. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats.  Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: ISIS, Malaysia, Moro conflict_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: ISIS, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Muslim rebel group Moro National Liberation Front leader Nur Misuari meets with Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte in Malacanang Palace after receiving a reprieve from previous crimes of rebellion. ](/news/2016/11/3/muslim-rebel-group-moro-national-liberation-front-leader-nur-misuari-meets-with-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-malacaa-ang-palace.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippines-and-former.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants break free supporters from a Marawi jail in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/08/28/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-break-free-supporters-from-a-marawi-jail-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: ISIS, Moro conflict_
8. [Malaysia confirms it has suffered its first bombing by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant during the previous week raising fears about the spread of influence of the militant group. ](/news/2016/07/4/malaysia-confirms-it-has-suffered-its-first-bombing-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-during-the-previous-week-raising-fears-about.md) _Context: ISIS, Malaysia_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant declares war on the Philippines. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-declares-war-on-the-philippines.md) _Context: ISIS, Moro conflict_
10. [Four Sarawakian Malaysians are kidnapped off the coast of Sabah by suspected members of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/04/3/four-sarawakian-malaysians-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sabah-by-suspected-members-of-the-abu-sayyaf-a-group-linked-to-the-islamic-state.md) _Context: ISIS, Moro conflict_
