### [2009-12-24](/news/2009/12/24/index.md)

#  A lawsuit is threatened against the Indonesian Navy and International Organization for Migration after a 29-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker is allowed to die through medical negligence after vomiting blood and having a seizure in Indonesia. 

A Sri Lankan asylum seeker who spent the past 11 weeks refusing to leave his boat in Indonesia, has died after allegedly being denied medical help.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/asylum-seeker-dies-on-merak-boat-20091224-ldpm.html)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia and the Philippines discuss their borders after the Indonesian Navy sinks four Filipino fishing vessels off the coast of the Philippines triggering a diplomatic dispute. ](/news/2015/11/6/indonesia-and-the-philippines-discuss-their-borders-after-the-indonesian-navy-sinks-four-filipino-fishing-vessels-off-the-coast-of-the-phili.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesian Navy_
2. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
3. [New Zealand refuses entry to Sri Lankan asylum seekers detained in Indonesia who claimed to be heading there. ](/news/2011/07/12/new-zealand-refuses-entry-to-sri-lankan-asylum-seekers-detained-in-indonesia-who-claimed-to-be-heading-there.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
4. [ More than 260 Sri Lankan asylum seekers threaten to blow up their boat if Indonesian authorities force them to disembark. ](/news/2009/10/13/more-than-260-sri-lankan-asylum-seekers-threaten-to-blow-up-their-boat-if-indonesian-authorities-force-them-to-disembark.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
5. [  A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indonesia-christmas-island-and-the-coco.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
6. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
7. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
