### [2016-02-12](/news/2016/02/12/index.md)

# A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 is shot down over the city of Benghazi as it conducted airstrikes on Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries positions in the coastal city. A Tobruk-based military source said the pilot survived having parachuted to safety, but his whereabouts were not immediately clear. 

A MiG-23 fighter of Libya&#x27;s internationally recognised government was shot down Friday as it carried out air strikes on opposition positions in the coastal city of Benghazi, the military said. Nasser el-Hassi, spokesman for the government&#x27;s forces, told AFP the plane was &quot;shot down in Qaryunes


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/mig-23-fighter-shot-down-over-libyas-benghazi-212631215.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/ogAhWUezU_lQqJ8IyRAX7g--/aD02MDQ7dz0xMDI0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/Part-NIC-Nic6023996-1-1-0.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 fighter jet crashes due to a "mechanical failure", while conducting airstrikes on Islamic State-controlled areas in the eastern city of Derna. ](/news/2016/02/8/a-libyan-air-force-mig-23-fighter-jet-crashes-due-to-a-mechanical-failure-while-conducting-airstrikes-on-islamic-state-controlled-areas-i.md) _Context: Libyan Air Force, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), MiG-23_
2. [The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-captured-five-cities-and-two-oil-pro.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries_
3. [Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-benghazi-from-ansar-al-sharia.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [A car bombing in the Al-Quwarsha area on the outskirts of Benghazi claims at least 23 lives. The Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries says it is responsible. ](/news/2016/08/2/a-car-bombing-in-the-al-quwarsha-area-on-the-outskirts-of-benghazi-claims-at-least-23-lives-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-s.md) _Context: Benghazi, Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries_
5. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Seven Libyan National Army soldiers are killed fighting ISIL militants in Benghazi. ](/news/2016/02/26/seven-libyan-national-army-soldiers-are-killed-fighting-isil-militants-in-benghazi.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-libyan-national-army-says-it-has-taken-control-of-the-town-of-ajdabiya-and-several-areas-of-benghazi-following-heavy-clashes-with-islami.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-mortar-shells-hit-a-protest-against.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
