### [2016-02-12](/news/2016/02/12/index.md)

# Salva Kiir, the President of South Sudan, appoints rebel leader Riek Machar as Vice President in a bid to end a two year civil war. 

South Sudanese President Salva Kiir reappointed rebel leader Riek Machar as his deputy, a key step in a deal to end a two-year civil war that’s killed tens of thousands of people in the oil-producing nation.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-12/south-sudan-president-kiir-appoints-rebel-leader-as-his-deputy)

### Related:

1. [The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir, removes Riek Machar from his post as deputy leader and as vice president, and installs Taban Deng Gai in his place. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-president-of-south-sudan-salva-kiir-removes-riek-machar-from-his-post-as-deputy-leader-and-as-vice-president-and-installs-taban-deng.md) _Context: President of South Sudan, Riek Machar, Salva Kiir_
2. [Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-with-reports-of-heavy.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/12/after-five-days-of-fighting-that-left-272-people-dead-and-thousands-more-displaced-in-the-capital-juba-president-salva-kiir-mayardit-and-r.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
4. [An estimated 272 people have been killed between rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions as clashes in the capital, Juba, continue. According to a spokesman for rebel leader and Vice President Riek Machar, South Sudan is "back to war" despite a peace deal being reached last April. ](/news/2016/07/10/an-estimated-272-people-have-been-killed-between-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-as-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-continue-ac.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [Rebel leader Riek Machar arrives in the capital Juba and is immediately sworn is as Vice President upon arrival. It is hoped that this appointment will put an end to the civil war that has plagued the country since late 2013. ](/news/2016/04/26/rebel-leader-riek-machar-arrives-in-the-capital-juba-and-is-immediately-sworn-is-as-vice-president-upon-arrival-it-is-hoped-that-this-appoi.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [Rebel leader Riek Machar misses an international deadline to return to the capital Juba to take the post of Vice President. Machar was offered the position by President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of putting an end to the civil war but has repeatedly delayed his return. ](/news/2016/04/23/rebel-leader-riek-machar-misses-an-international-deadline-to-return-to-the-capital-juba-to-take-the-post-of-vice-president-machar-was-offer.md) _Context: Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War_
8. [A ceasefire starts between the forces of President Salva Kiir and rebel forces with claims of breaches already being made. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-ceasefire-starts-between-the-forces-of-president-salva-kiir-and-rebel-forces-with-claims-of-breaches-already-being-made.md) _Context: Salva Kiir, South Sudanese Civil War_
9. [Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir visits South Sudan for the first time since the country won its independence in 2011 to meet with President Salva Kiir. ](/news/2013/04/12/sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-visits-south-sudan-for-the-first-time-since-the-country-won-its-independence-in-2011-to-meet-with-president.md) _Context: President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir_
10. [Salva Kiir, the President of South Sudan, visits the People's Republic of China seeking assistance to build an oil pipeline. ](/news/2012/04/24/salva-kiir-the-president-of-south-sudan-visits-the-people-s-republic-of-china-seeking-assistance-to-build-an-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir_
