### [2016-02-12](/news/2016/02/12/index.md)

# The discontinuance of electricity and water into the Kaesong area impacts area residents who lose their steady supply of water. The public received about 60 percent of the  17,000 tons of water South Korea pumped north each day. 

Among the losers in the retaliatory sparring between the rival Koreas are residents who had been depending on a rarity in impoverished North Korea: a steady supply of water from the now-shuttered jointly run factory park in the North Korean border city of Kaesong.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/02/12/n-koreans-outside-closed-factories-lose-steady-water-supply.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-wangyi-korea-usa-idUSKCN0VL15S)
3. [The Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/02/13/asia-pacific/u-s-deploys-patriot-missiles-south-korea/#.Vr6gweaoNFQ)

### Related:

1. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
2. [South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nuclear-test-at-any-time.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
3. [South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
4. [South Korea starts withdrawing its nationals from the Kaesong Industrial Region in protest to recent actions by North Korea. ](/news/2016/02/11/south-korea-starts-withdrawing-its-nationals-from-the-kaesong-industrial-region-in-protest-to-recent-actions-by-north-korea.md) _Context: Kaesong area, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
5. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired an "unidentified projectile" that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-an-unidentified-projectile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
6. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
7. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
8. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
9. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
10. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
