### [2016-02-12](/news/2016/02/12/index.md)

# Two people are killed on the campus of Independence High School in Glendale, Arizona, near Phoenix. The campus is on lockdown, but there is no active shooter situation any longer. 




### Source:

1. [The Arizona Republic](http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/glendale/breaking/2016/02/12/glendale-independence-high-school-shooting/80282174/)

### Related:

1. [The Phoenix, Arizona police arrest the suspected Maryvale serial shooter. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-phoenix-arizona-police-arrest-the-suspected-maryvale-serial-shooter.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
2. [A serial killer who has murdered seven people over a period of several months is on the loose in Phoenix, Arizona. ](/news/2016/07/13/a-serial-killer-who-has-murdered-seven-people-over-a-period-of-several-months-is-on-the-loose-in-phoenix-arizona.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
3. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard. ](/news/2016/03/19/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-roa.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
4. [2016 Phoenix murders: A family of five falls victim to a murder-suicide in Phoenix, Arizona. 26-year-old Alex Buckner is identified by Phoenix police as the shooter, who was killed in a gunfight with police. ](/news/2016/02/24/2016-phoenix-murders-a-family-of-five-falls-victim-to-a-murder-suicide-in-phoenix-arizona-26-year-old-alex-buckner-is-identified-by-phoen.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
5. [Ardit Ferizi, a 20-year-old hacker from Kosovo and computer student in Malaysia, is arrested for hacking into a Phoenix, Arizona computer system and stealing the names and personal information of thousands of U.S. military personnel. Ferizi is accused of giving the information to ISIS. The U.S. is seeking Ferizi-s extradition. ](/news/2015/10/17/ardit-ferizi-a-20-year-old-hacker-from-kosovo-and-computer-student-in-malaysia-is-arrested-for-hacking-into-a-phoenix-arizona-computer-sy.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
6. [Phoenix freeway shootings: Governor of Arizona Doug Ducey states that 21-year-old Leslie Allen Merritt Jr. is ballistically linked to four incidents and arrested in Glendale, Arizona after a SWAT raid. Merritt was previously charged twice in 2013, the first for failing to stop at the scene of a damaged vehicle, and the second for assault and criminal damage. Police state that he is known to hold anti-government and anti-police views. He is charged with four counts each of aggravated assault, criminal damage, disorderly conduct, discharging a firearm within city limits, carrying out a drive-by shooting, and intentional acts of terrorism; and his bail is set at $1 million. ](/news/2015/09/18/phoenix-freeway-shootings-governor-of-arizona-doug-ducey-states-that-21-year-old-leslie-allen-merritt-jr-is-ballistically-linked-to-four-i.md) _Context: Glendale, Arizona_
7. [The Phoenix, Arizona area has had 11 confirmed shootings on and around Interstate 10 in less than two weeks. No life-threatening injuries have been reported, though a 13-year-old girl was cut by flying glass from a shattered window. Arizona Department of Public Safety confirm that a man is being questioned. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-phoenix-arizona-area-has-had-11-confirmed-shootings-on-and-around-interstate-10-in-less-than-two-weeks-no-life-threatening-injuries-ha.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
8. [Five people are found dead after a business dispute in Phoenix, Arizona. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-people-are-found-dead-after-a-business-dispute-in-phoenix-arizona.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
9. [A Phoenix, Arizona jury deadlocks in a second trial allowing convicted murderer American Jodi Arias to be spared the death penalty. She will be sent to prison for life for killing her lover in 2008. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-phoenix-arizona-jury-deadlocks-in-a-second-trial-allowing-convicted-murderer-american-jodi-arias-to-be-spared-the-death-penalty-she-will.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
10. [Michael Guzzo shoots and kills four people and two dogs in their house, and then commits suicide in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S. ](/news/2013/10/26/michael-guzzo-shoots-and-kills-four-people-and-two-dogs-in-their-house-and-then-commits-suicide-in-phoenix-arizona-u-s.md) _Context: Phoenix, Arizona_
