### [2010-01-7](/news/2010/01/7/index.md)

# The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. 

Australia joined New Zealand on Thursday in investigating a clash between an anti-whaling protesters and Japanese whalers, but refused to send a patrol ship to Antarctic waters as activists promised a &quot;whale war&quot;.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE60509820100107)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20100107&t=2&i=42144330&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2010-01-07T120110Z_01_BTRE6060XE200_RTROPTP_0_HALING-AUSTRALIA)

### Related:

1. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
2. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, New Zealand, hunt_
3. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat "Ady Gil", which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel "Shonan Maru 2", sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's "Bob Barker" attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-jap.md) _Context: Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
4. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
6. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, New Zealand_
7. [Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY "Steve Irwin" and MY "Bob Barker" sustaining damage. ](/news/2013/02/20/japanese-whaling-vessels-clash-with-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-neptune-s-navy-boats-in-the-southern-ocean-with-the-my-steve-irwin-a.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
8. [Bob Brown, former leader of the Australian Greens, becomes the President of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society leading the campaign against Japanese whaling in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2013/01/8/bob-brown-former-leader-of-the-australian-greens-becomes-the-president-of-the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-leading-the-campaign-again.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
9. [Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. ](/news/2011/07/12/japanese-officials-announce-their-intention-to-send-the-country-s-whaling-fleet-back-to-antarctica-later-in-the-year-the-sea-shepherd-conse.md) _Context: Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
10. [New Zealand environmental activist Peter Bethune is given a two year suspended sentence in a Tokyo District Court for his role in boarding a Japanese whaling ship. ](/news/2010/07/7/new-zealand-environmental-activist-peter-bethune-is-given-a-two-year-suspended-sentence-in-a-tokyo-district-court-for-his-role-in-boarding-a.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand, hunt_
