### [2010-01-7](/news/2010/01/7/index.md)

# The BBC's "Spotlight" programme reveals that Iris Robinson, former UK MP and wife of the First Minister of Northern Ireland, helped a 19 year old male who she was having a relationship with receive funding for a business project. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8447352.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2010/jan/07/peter-iris-robinson-bbc-investigation)

### Related:

1. [Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. ](/news/2010/01/6/iris-robinson-the-wife-of-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-admits-having-previously-attempted-suicide-her-husband-peter-robinson-gives-a.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
2. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
3. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
4. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
5. [ First Minister of Northern Ireland Peter Robinson holds separate talks with both sides in the dispute over the Drumcree conflict. ](/news/2009/07/5/first-minister-of-northern-ireland-peter-robinson-holds-separate-talks-with-both-sides-in-the-dispute-over-the-drumcree-conflict.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-and-deputy-first-mi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
7. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
