### [2006-11-23](/news/2006/11/23/index.md)

#  Don Brash resigns as leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, saying ongoing speculation about his leadership is damaging to the party. 




### Source:

1. [NZ Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/section/story.cfm?c_id=1&ObjectID=10412121)

### Related:

1. [ In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])](/news/2005/09/17/in-the-new-zealand-general-election-the-labour-party-led-by-prime-minister-helen-clark-seems-best-placed-to-form-a-new-government-altho.md) _Context: Don Brash, New Zealand National Party_
2. [New Zealand National Party leadership election, 2016: Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/new-zealand-national-party-leadership-election-2016-australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-maj.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
3. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
4. [New Zealand National Party leadership election, 2016: Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/new-zealand-national-party-leadership-election-2016-bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
5. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
6. [New Zealand general election and voting system referendum:: Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/new-zealand-general-election-and-voting-system-referendum-official-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-nationa.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
7. [ A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. ](/news/2008/11/8/a-coalition-consisting-of-the-national-party-act-and-united-future-wins-a-majority-of-seats-in-the-parliament-of-new-zealand-ending-nine.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
8. [ John Key is elected leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, with Bill English as his deputy. Both were unopposed. ](/news/2006/11/27/john-key-is-elected-leader-of-the-opposition-new-zealand-national-party-with-bill-english-as-his-deputy-both-were-unopposed.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
9. [ New Zealand's Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes. She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. ](/news/2005/10/1/new-zealand-s-labour-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-set-to-form-a-third-term-government-after-the-national-party-loses-a-seat-following-the.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
10. [ Ahead of New Zealand's September 17 general election, Leader of the Opposition Don Brash denies lying about knowing of an anti-Labour pamphlet released by the Exclusive Brethren. ](/news/2005/09/10/ahead-of-new-zealand-s-september-17-general-election-leader-of-the-opposition-don-brash-denies-lying-about-knowing-of-an-anti-labour-pamph.md) _Context: Don Brash_
