### [2009-12-21](/news/2009/12/21/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council lifts an arms embargo on Liberia imposed during the reign of Charles Taylor in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [African Press Agency](http://apanews.net/apa.php?page=show_article_eng&id_article=114116)
2. [Liberian Observer](http://www.liberianobserver.com/node/3574)

### Related:

1. [Actress Mia Farrow gives evidence in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor before the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/9/actress-mia-farrow-gives-evidence-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-before-the-united-nations-special-court-for-sie.md) _Context: Charles Taylor, Liberia, United Nations_
2. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
5. [South Sudanese Civil War. A new United Nations report on South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/south-sudanese-civil-war-a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-wor.md) _Context: United Nations, arms embargo_
6. [Yemeni Crisis. The United Nations Security Council expressed -deep concern- at the number of violations of Yemen-s ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/yemeni-crisis-the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-deep-concern-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemen-s-ceasefire-u-n-env.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
7. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
8. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [War in Somalia:. The United Nations Security Council adopts Resolution 2093 that partially lifts a decades-old arms embargo on Somalia for one year, allowing the government in Mogadishu to buy weapons to strengthen its security forces to fight al-Qaeda linked Islamists. ](/news/2013/03/6/war-in-somalia-the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-resolution-2093-that-partially-lifts-a-decades-old-arms-embargo-on-somalia-for-o.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, arms embargo_
10. [North Korea threatens to take "strong physical countermeasures" if South Korea co-operates with new United Nations Security Council resolutions against it. ](/news/2013/01/25/north-korea-threatens-to-take-strong-physical-countermeasures-if-south-korea-co-operates-with-new-united-nations-security-council-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
