### [2014-08-20](/news/2014/08/20/index.md)

# Dozens of people die in heavy fighting between Ukrainian government forces and rebels in eastern Ukraine. 

DONETSK, Ukraine: Fierce fighting between government forces and pro-Russian rebels left dozens of civilians dead on Wednesday as Ukrainian troops pushed on with a bloody offensive to break the insurgency in the east of the country.Deadly battles to crush the ailing rebellion appeared to intensify ahead of a fresh round of diplomatic haggling that will see the presidents of Russia and Ukraine sit down next week for their first meeting in months.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/news/618621)

### Related:

1. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
2. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
3. [A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused-by-a-missile-th.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass:Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-prussian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-u.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass:Five artillery shells fired by Ukrainian government forces hit a high-security prison in outskirts of Donetsk, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape; the shelling also resulted in the death of one prisoner and the injury of five other prisoners and two guards.  ](/news/2014/08/11/war-in-donbass-pfive-artillery-shells-fired-by-ukrainian-government-forces-hit-a-high-security-prison-in-outskirts-of-donetsk-sparking-a-ri.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
6. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
7. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
8. [ A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-near-luhansk.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
9. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his ''nom de guerre'' "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-d.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
