### [2010-09-17](/news/2010/09/17/index.md)

# Israeli troops kill Hamas militant Iyad Abu Shilbaya in an arrest raid in the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5ioi_0jtO9RjMwPNRoXNCndRPRq3gD9I9JL7O0)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict. The Israeli Army intensifies its attack on the Hamas controlled Gaza Strip with 130 attacks on key sites such as command centers and rocket launchers after over 250 rockets and mortars were fired into Israel over the past week. Hamas rockets reached over 100 km into Israeli territory. ](/news/2014/07/9/gaza-israel-conflict-the-israeli-army-intensifies-its-attack-on-the-hamas-controlled-gaza-strip-with-130-attacks-on-key-sites-such-as-com.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Army_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
4. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
5. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Army_
6. [The Cabinet of Israel approves a prisoner swap deal with Hamas for the release of the Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit, who had been held in captivity for five years. In exchange, Israel agrees to release a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel, among them hundreds of prisoners serving multiple life sentences for planning and perpetrating murderous attacks against Israeli civilians.](/news/2011/10/11/the-cabinet-of-israel-approves-a-prisoner-swap-deal-with-hamas-for-the-release-of-the-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit-who-had-been-held-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Army_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Hamas militants fire an anti-tank missile at an Israeli school bus, critically injuring a teenage boy and the driver, and then fire 45 mortars and 3 rockets at towns in southern Israel; the Israeli army launches a counterattack in Gaza, killing five people and injuring a number of others ](/news/2011/04/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-militants-fire-an-anti-tank-missile-at-an-israeli-school-bus-critically-injuring-a-teenage-boy-and-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Army_
8. [Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. ](/news/2011/01/7/israeli-troops-round-up-five-men-and-kill-a-67-year-old-palestinian-man-during-an-operation-into-the-west-bank-aiming-at-arresting-members.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
9. [Israeli forces arrest Hamas MP Khalil Ar-Rabai after surrounding his home in the early morning in the southern West Bank town of Yatta. The destruction of family property is also reported. ](/news/2010/12/30/israeli-forces-arrest-hamas-mp-khalil-ar-rabai-after-surrounding-his-home-in-the-early-morning-in-the-southern-west-bank-town-of-yatta-the.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
10. [ The Fatah movement in the West Bank rejects local mediation between itself and Hamas. ](/news/2009/12/19/the-fatah-movement-in-the-west-bank-rejects-local-mediation-between-itself-and-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
