### [2010-09-17](/news/2010/09/17/index.md)

# Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell decides not to halt the execution of female murderer Teresa Lewis, who will be executed on September 23,2010.

Gov. Bob McDonnell issued a statement Friday regarding the scheduled execution of Teresa Lewis.


### Source:

1. [WHSV](http://www.whsv.com/news/headlines/103174994.html)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. District Judge sentences former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell to two years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2015/01/6/a-u-s-district-judge-sentences-former-virginia-governor-bob-mcdonnell-to-two-years-in-prison-for-corruption.md) _Context: Bob McDonnell, Governor of Virginia_
2. [Former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell and his wife are indicted on federal corruption charges for allegedly receiving various financial benefits from a businessman seeking favors from the state government. ](/news/2014/01/21/former-virginia-governor-bob-mcdonnell-and-his-wife-are-indicted-on-federal-corruption-charges-for-allegedly-receiving-various-financial-ben.md) _Context: Bob McDonnell, Virginia_
3. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]. Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.. Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.. Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Virginia_
4. [The U.S state of Virginia executes its first woman since 1912; Teresa Lewis will also be the first woman in the U.S to be executed since 2005. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-u-s-state-of-virginia-executes-its-first-woman-since-1912-teresa-lewis-will-also-be-the-first-woman-in-the-u-s-to-be-executed-since-200.md) _Context: Teresa Lewis, Virginia_
5. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Virginia_
6. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia, Virginia_
7. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services. Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: Virginia_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson.md) _Context: Virginia_
9. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage. The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Virginia_
