### [2005-03-25](/news/2005/03/25/index.md)

#  Good Friday was celebrated all over the world. Processions with statues representing the Passion of Christ (Way of the Cross) were held all over Malta. <small>''[NEWSLINK MISSING]''</small>. 




### Related:

1. [A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: Malta_
2. [Voters in Malta go to the polls for a snap election, with current Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and his Labour Party facing off against Forza Nazzjonali, led by Simon Busuttil. The election comes amid corruption allegations leveled against Muscat's associates. ](/news/2017/06/3/voters-in-malta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-with-current-prime-minister-joseph-muscat-and-his-labour-party-facing-off-against-forza.md) _Context: Malta_
3. [The gigantic limestone natural arch Azure Window on the Maltese island of Gozo collapses due to a storm. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-gigantic-limestone-natural-arch-azure-window-on-the-maltese-island-of-gozo-collapses-due-to-a-storm.md) _Context: Malta_
4. [An Afriqiyah Airways flight originating from Sabha, Libya, is hijacked and forced to make an emergency landing in Malta. Hijackers threaten to blow up the aircraft with grenades, but the standoff ends peacefully with all hostages released and both hijackers surrendering. ](/news/2016/12/23/an-afriqiyah-airways-flight-originating-from-sabha-libya-is-hijacked-and-forced-to-make-an-emergency-landing-in-malta-hijackers-threaten.md) _Context: Malta_
5. [A twin-prop Fairchild Metroliner Mark III light aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from Malta International Airport, killing all five French nationals on board. Malta officials say that the aircraft was part of a French customs surveillance operation tracing routes of illicit trafficking, of humans and drugs on Libyan coasts, and that the flight was heading for the Libyan city of Misrata. ](/news/2016/10/24/a-twin-prop-fairchild-metroliner-mark-iii-light-aircraft-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-malta-international-airport-killing-all-five-fr.md) _Context: Malta_
6. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Malta calls for an ambitious and legally binding outcome at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2015/11/28/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-in-malta-calls-for-an-ambitious-and-legally-binding-outcome-at-the-2015-united-nations-climate.md) _Context: Malta_
7. [Queen Elizabeth II (U.K.) arrives in Malta for the Commonwealth summit what begins tomorrow. The then-future Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh lived on the island from 1949-51. The Commonwealth is a group of 53 nations; most member states were once part of the British Empire, and 16 retain the Queen as head of state. ](/news/2015/11/26/queen-elizabeth-ii-u-k-arrives-in-malta-for-the-commonwealth-summit-what-begins-tomorrow-the-then-future-queen-and-the-duke-of-edinburgh.md) _Context: Malta_
8. [Five hundred people drowned off the coast of Malta last week after people traffickers deliberately sank their ship. ](/news/2014/09/15/five-hundred-people-drowned-off-the-coast-of-malta-last-week-after-people-traffickers-deliberately-sank-their-ship.md) _Context: Malta_
9. [Malta elected a new President of the Republic of Malta Marie Louise Coleiro Preca, the second female President after 27 years. The event carried out in Luqa, Siggiewi, Qormi, Valletta, Floriana, Malta and Attard. date=April 2014](/news/2014/04/3/malta-elected-a-new-president-of-the-republic-of-malta-marie-louise-coleiro-preca-the-second-female-president-after-27-years-the-event-car.md) _Context: Malta_
10. [The Parliament of Malta passed a law to recognise same sex civil unions and adoption by same sex couples. By this law Malta is going to become the 22nd European nation to accept civil union between same sex couples and 10th European nation to accept adoption by same sex couples.](/news/2014/04/14/the-parliament-of-malta-passed-a-law-to-recognise-same-sex-civil-unions-and-adoption-by-same-sex-couples-by-this-law-malta-is-going-to-beco.md) _Context: Malta_
