### [2005-03-25](/news/2005/03/25/index.md)

#  Kyrgyz opposition leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev is named interim President of Kyrgyzstan, while ousted President Askar Akayev remains defiant. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L25245723.htm (Reuters)] Looters ransack the capital city of Bishkek following the protests. 




### Related:

1. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev appoints former mayor of Bishkek, Daniar Usenov, as the new Prime Minister following the resignation of his predecessor, Igor Chudinov. ](/news/2009/10/21/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-appoints-former-mayor-of-bishkek-daniar-usenov-as-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, President_
2. [ Protestors gather in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, to call for the resignation of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev. ](/news/2007/04/11/protestors-gather-in-bishkek-kyrgyzstan-to-call-for-the-resignation-of-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, President_
3. [ In Kyrgyzstan, protesters and riot police clash in the capital, Bishkek. ](/news/2005/03/24/in-kyrgyzstan-protesters-and-riot-police-clash-in-the-capital-bishkek.md) _Context: Bishkek, capital, protest_
4. [ In Kyrgyzstan, President Askar Akayev's spokesman claims that the protests are a coup attempt planned by "drug mafia". [http://newsfromrussia.com/world/2005/03/22/58751.html (Pravda)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/03/22/kyrgyzstan.ap/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 03:13, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/03/22/in-kyrgyzstan-president-askar-akayev-s-spokesman-claims-that-the-protests-are-a-coup-attempt-planned-by-drug-mafia-http-newsfromruss.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, President, protest_
5. [ Protesters in Kyrgyzstan march against electoral fraud in the 2005 Kyrgyz parliamentary elections, and appear to have taken control of the southern town of Jalal-Abad after mounting large-scale demonstrations to demand Askar Akayev to step down as President of Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2005/03/20/protesters-in-kyrgyzstan-march-against-electoral-fraud-in-the-2005-kyrgyz-parliamentary-elections-and-appear-to-have-taken-control-of-the.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, President, protest_
6. [Riots erupt in the southern city of Osh killing at least 45, and injuring over a hundred others. The violence comes just over two months after violent riots in Bishkek toppled Kurmanbek Bakiyev's government, and only days ahead of a critical constitutional referendum. ](/news/2010/06/11/riots-erupt-in-the-southern-city-of-osh-killing-at-least-45-and-injuring-over-a-hundred-others-the-violence-comes-just-over-two-months-aft.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev_
7. [Kyrgyz Revolution of 2010: Hundreds of protesters seize a government office in Bishkek to request the resignition of Kurmanbek Bakiyev after battling flashbangs and lachrymators. A local governor is taken hostage by protesters. Hundreds surround police HQ. Almazbek Atambayev is seized by police. There are riots in Talas. ](/news/2010/04/6/kyrgyz-revolution-of-2010-hundreds-of-protesters-seize-a-government-office-in-bishkek-to-request-the-resignition-of-kurmanbek-bakiyev-after.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev_
8. [President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko announces the ousted President of Kyrgyzstan Kurmanbek Bakiyev, who is wanted by his successors in connection with the recent unrest, is in Minsk. ](/news/2010/04/20/president-of-belarus-alexander-lukashenko-announces-the-ousted-president-of-kyrgyzstan-kurmanbek-bakiyev-who-is-wanted-by-his-successors-in.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, President_
9. [As a result of popular protests in the north and capital of the country President Kurmanbek Bakiyev officially resigns after he leaves Kyrgyzstan for Kazakhstan. ](/news/2010/04/16/as-a-result-of-popular-protests-in-the-north-and-capital-of-the-country-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-officially-resigns-after-he-leaves-kyrgy.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, President_
10. [Gunfire disrupts a rally in support of former President of Kyrgyzstan Kurmanbek Bakiyev in the southern city of Osh. ](/news/2010/04/15/gunfire-disrupts-a-rally-in-support-of-former-president-of-kyrgyzstan-kurmanbek-bakiyev-in-the-southern-city-of-osh.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, President_
