### [2005-03-25](/news/2005/03/25/index.md)

#  Tulip Revolution in Kyrgyzstan: Kyrgyz opposition leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev is named interim President of Kyrgyzstan, while ousted  President Askar Akayev remains defiant. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L25245723.htm (Reuters)] Looters ransack the capital city of Bishkek following the protests.  




### Related:

1. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev appoints former mayor of Bishkek, Daniar Usenov, as the new Prime Minister following the resignation of his predecessor, Igor Chudinov. ](/news/2009/10/21/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-appoints-former-mayor-of-bishkek-daniar-usenov-as-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
2. [ Protestors gather in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, to call for the resignation of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev. ](/news/2007/04/11/protestors-gather-in-bishkek-kyrgyzstan-to-call-for-the-resignation-of-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
3. [ Tulip Revolution: The Parliament of Kyrgyzstan finally approves the resignation of deposed President Askar Akayev. ](/news/2005/04/11/tulip-revolution-the-parliament-of-kyrgyzstan-finally-approves-the-resignation-of-deposed-president-askar-akayev.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President, Tulip Revolution_
4. [ In Kyrgyzstan, protesters and riot police clash in the capital, Bishkek. ](/news/2005/03/24/in-kyrgyzstan-protesters-and-riot-police-clash-in-the-capital-bishkek.md) _Context: Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, capital, protest_
5. [ In Kyrgyzstan, President Askar Akayev's spokesman claims that the protests are a coup attempt planned by "drug mafia". [http://newsfromrussia.com/world/2005/03/22/58751.html (Pravda)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/03/22/kyrgyzstan.ap/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 03:13, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/03/22/in-kyrgyzstan-president-askar-akayev-s-spokesman-claims-that-the-protests-are-a-coup-attempt-planned-by-drug-mafia-http-newsfromruss.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President, protest_
6. [ Protesters in Kyrgyzstan march against electoral fraud in the 2005 Kyrgyz parliamentary elections, and appear to have taken control of the southern town of Jalal-Abad after mounting large-scale demonstrations to demand Askar Akayev to step down as President of Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2005/03/20/protesters-in-kyrgyzstan-march-against-electoral-fraud-in-the-2005-kyrgyz-parliamentary-elections-and-appear-to-have-taken-control-of-the.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President, protest_
7. [The President of Kyrgyzstan Almazbek Atambayev signs a presidential decree officially recognizing March 17, March 24, and April 7 as public holidays for Kyrgyzstan. The dates are meant to commemorate the days of Kyrgyzstan's massive anti-government revolts. On March 17, 2002, during anti-government protests in the Aksy District, police killed four protesters, while March 24 and April 7 commemorate the Tulip Revolution of 2006 and the Second Kyrgyz Revolution of 2010, respectively. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-president-of-kyrgyzstan-almazbek-atambayev-signs-a-presidential-decree-officially-recognizing-march-17-march-24-and-april-7-as-public.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President, Tulip Revolution_
8. [As a result of popular protests in the north and capital of the country President Kurmanbek Bakiyev officially resigns after he leaves Kyrgyzstan for Kazakhstan. ](/news/2010/04/16/as-a-result-of-popular-protests-in-the-north-and-capital-of-the-country-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-officially-resigns-after-he-leaves-kyrgy.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
9. [Gunfire disrupts a rally in support of former President of Kyrgyzstan Kurmanbek Bakiyev in the southern city of Osh. ](/news/2010/04/15/gunfire-disrupts-a-rally-in-support-of-former-president-of-kyrgyzstan-kurmanbek-bakiyev-in-the-southern-city-of-osh.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
10. [Kyrgyzstan's interim leader Roza Otunbayeva says that President Kurmanbek Bakiyev must stand trial over riots last week. ](/news/2010/04/14/kyrgyzstan-s-interim-leader-roza-otunbayeva-says-that-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-must-stand-trial-over-riots-last-week.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
