### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# 2016 Nuclear Security Summit. More than 50 heads of state as well as representatives from international organizations attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., with the notable exception of Russia, which declined to attend. The main agenda of the two-day gathering is the discussion of North Korea and the threat it poses with its nuclear weapons and the possibility of ISIS extremists getting a nuclear weapon. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/nuclear-summit-washington-islamic-state-north-korea/27645847.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-offic.md) _Context: North Korea, Nuclear Security Summit, Washington, D.C., intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
9. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
