### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  

WASHINGTON: Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said an attack in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir on Thursday that killed seven people and wounded 27 showed the “ugly face” of militants “as they are cornered.”“This shows terrorism’s ugly face again. The determination of our security forces will put an end” to terrorism, Erdogan said in a speech to the Brookings Institute. He is in the US for a nuclear security summit. A local official in Ankara said all the dead were members of the security forces.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e0fcaea56a3843b3ae9708d7c9083052)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/loud-explosion-rocks-turkey-diyarbakir-160331142831391.html)
3. [Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/news/903911)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/31/europe/turkey-violence/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Suspected ISIL militants attack  Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-a.md) _Context: ISIL, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey, Turkey–ISIL conflict_
2. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey, Turkey–ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
3. [A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-during-a-police-raid.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey, Turkey–ISIL conflict_
4. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey_
5. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey_
6. [At least 10 people are killed and 15 injured, mostly German tourists, following an explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet Square. A Syrian suicide bomber, an ISIL member, is  responsible, according to Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. ](/news/2016/01/12/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-mostly-german-tourists-following-an-explosion-in-istanbul-s-sultanahmet-square-a-syrian-suic.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, ISIL, Prime Minister of Turkey_
7. [Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. ](/news/2015/12/23/clashes-continue-between-pkk-militants-and-turkish-army-troops-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-diyarbaka-r-in-southeastern-turkey-at-least.md) _Context: Diyarbakır, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
8. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey_
9. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey_
10. [Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-killed-during-a-raid-on-a-house-used-by-militants-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-in-so.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey–ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
