### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# A consortium led by China's Anbang Insurance Group announces it will walk away from its $14 billion takeover bid for Starwood Hotels. This restores Marriott International as the highest bidder ($13.6 billion). 

A group led by China’s Anbang Insurance Group Co. withdrew its $14 billion takeover bid for Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc., clearing the way for a purchase by Marriott International Inc., according to two people with knowledge of the matter.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-31/anbang-said-to-withdraw-14-billion-bid-for-starwood-hotels)
2. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/03/31/anbang-walking-away-from-starwood-deal-dj-citing-sources.html)

### Related:

1. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, China, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
2. [In response to the $13.6 billion cash-and-stock offer by the Marriott International to purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Anbang Insurance Group raises its bidding offer to $14 billion. ](/news/2016/03/28/in-response-to-the-13-6-billion-cash-and-stock-offer-by-the-marriott-international-to-purchase-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-anban.md) _Context: Anbang Insurance Group, Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
3. [Marriott International announces it has agreed to buy Starwood Hotels & Resorts in a $12.2 billion deal that would create the world-s largest hotel company. ](/news/2015/11/16/marriott-international-announces-it-has-agreed-to-buy-starwood-hotels-resorts-in-a-12-2-billion-deal-that-would-create-the-world-s-larg.md) _Context: Marriott International, Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide_
4. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake: A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
5. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
6. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China_
7. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China_
8. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
9. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China_
10. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: China_
