### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# A Malaysian court dismisses  Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore  has no liability to relatives. The court ruled  MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. 

A court in Malaysia has rejected a bid by Malaysia Airlines to throw out a lawsuit filed by the relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370.


### Source:

1. [Malay Mail](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/malaysia/article/court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-bid-to-strike-out-mh370-suit)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/31/MH370-Malaysian-court-refuses-to-throw-out-lawsuit-against-airline/5791459423249/?spt=hts&or=4)

### Related:

1. [Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines-flight-370.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this-month-in-mozambique-was-highl.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Two brothers whose father was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year when it disappeared receive compensation from the government of Malaysia and Malaysian Airlines. ](/news/2015/06/2/two-brothers-whose-father-was-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-last-year-when-it-disappeared-receive-compensation-from-the-government-of-mala.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. ](/news/2015/01/29/without-recovering-any-physical-evidence-including-the-data-recorders-malaysia-officially-declares-the-loss-of-flight-370-over-the-indian.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Malaysia's state investment company Khazanah Nasional announces plans to delist Malaysia Airlines and make it fully state-owned while the business is overhauled. ](/news/2014/08/8/malaysia-s-state-investment-company-khazanah-nasional-announces-plans-to-delist-malaysia-airlines-and-make-it-fully-state-owned-while-the-bu.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-paustralia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-the.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation and British satellite firm Inmarsat release the raw data used to determine the estimated path of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2014/05/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysia-s-department-of-civil-aviation-and-british-satellite-firm-inmarsat-release-the-raw-data-used-to-deter.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
8. [A Tropical Cyclone hampers the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 which vanished on March 8 with 239 people on board. A U.S. Navy submarine Bluefin-21 is on mission to find the wreckage. ](/news/2014/04/21/a-tropical-cyclone-hampers-the-search-for-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh370-which-vanished-on-march-8-with-239-people-on-board-a-u-s.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [Malaysia Airlines loses contact with a Boeing 777-200ER passenger plane carrying 239 people from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, China. ](/news/2014/03/8/malaysia-airlines-loses-contact-with-a-boeing-777-200er-passenger-plane-carrying-239-people-from-kuala-lumpur-to-beijing-china.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
