### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# A suicide bomber in Somalia's Puntland region detonates while hugging Saeed Ali, the treasurer of Galkayo, killing him and several police officers guarding him. Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. 

An al-Shabab suicide bomber detonated his explosives while hugging a local official in Somalia&#039;s Puntland region and the blast blew both of them up.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/terrorism-somalia-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-hugs-puntland-official-detonating-2346055)
2. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFKCN0WX0V3)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/2016/03/31/somali-soldier.jpg)

### Related:

1. [An al-Shabaab suicide car bomb kills at least 20 people in the town of Galkayo in Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland region. ](/news/2016/08/21/an-al-shabaab-suicide-car-bomb-kills-at-least-20-people-in-the-town-of-galkayo-in-somalia-s-semi-autonomous-puntland-region.md) _Context: Galkayo, Puntland, Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
2. [Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-people-dead-somal.md) _Context: Puntland, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
3. [Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists-from-afgooye-a.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
4. [At least six people are shot and killed and several people wounded by suspected Al-Shabaab militants who ambushed two buses in Mandera, Kenya, near the Somalian border. ](/news/2016/07/1/at-least-six-people-are-shot-and-killed-and-several-people-wounded-by-suspected-al-shabaab-militants-who-ambushed-two-buses-in-mandera-keny.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
5. [A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighters-storm-the-bui.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
6. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
7. [ U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shaba.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
8. [al Shabaab militants overrun an African Union base in southern Somalia with unconfirmed reports of dozens of soldiers dead. ](/news/2016/01/15/al-shabaab-militants-overrun-an-african-union-base-in-southern-somalia-with-unconfirmed-reports-of-dozens-of-soldiers-dead.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
9. [At least two people are killed in an attack, near the north-eastern village of El Wak in Mandera County near the Somali border. A group of Kenyan Muslims traveling on a bus ambushed by suspected Al-Shabaab insurgents, protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses. ](/news/2015/12/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-near-the-north-eastern-village-of-el-wak-in-mandera-county-near-the-somali-border-a-group-of-k.md) _Context: Somalia, War in Somalia, al Shabaab militia_
10. [Farhan Jeemis Abdulle, a Somali journalist and well-known local reporter for Radio Daljir is shot and killed by an unidentified gunman in Galkayo while walking to his home district of Garsor. Puntland authorities arrived on scene to investigate the killing but no arrests have been made. Abdulle is the fifth journalist to be murdered in Somalia this year, and the second in Galkayo. ](/news/2012/05/3/farhan-jeemis-abdulle-a-somali-journalist-and-well-known-local-reporter-for-radio-daljir-is-shot-and-killed-by-an-unidentified-gunman-in-ga.md) _Context: Galkayo, Puntland, Somalia_
