### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since  it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on   presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC news](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/brazils-sports-minister-resigns-presidents-office-38055272)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-lula-idUSKCN0WX2L5)
3. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-protests-idUSKCN0WX2RI?mod=related&channelName=worldNews)
4. [The Rio Times](http://riotimesonline.com/brazil-news/rio-sports/brazils-sports-minister-resigns-months-before-the-olympics/)
5. [insidethegames](http://www.insidethegames.biz/articles/1035934/brazilian-sports-minister-officially-steps-down-and-is-replaced-by-leyser)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Lula, President, President's Chief of Staff, Supreme Federal Court_
2. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Lula, President, Supreme Federal Court_
3. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Lula, President, President's Chief of Staff_
4. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Lula, President, Sergio Moro_
5. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
7. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
8. [Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule.  A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings.  Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis.   ](/news/2016/03/22/brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed-a-crime-and-equated-a-bid-to.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
9. [Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's  current president,  Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. ](/news/2016/03/16/brazil-s-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-takes-cabinet-post-as-chief-of-staff-to-brazil-s-current-president-dilma-rousseff-there.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
10. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
