### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. 

Former Serbian deputy PM was charged by ICTY with crimes against humanity and war crimes in Croatia and Bosnia in 1990s


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/law/2016/mar/31/serb-nationalist-vojislav-seselj-acquitted-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-icty-the-hague)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/d4607291d80eb0ed0c227ad62d411d6c05d02e5c/0_13_2048_1228/master/2048.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=ae6e8af3a7a9a9f7baba9c9dbfe75fb7)

### Related:

1. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
2. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
3. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Yugoslav Wars_
4. [ Rasim Delic, former commander of the Bosnian army in Bosnia during the Yugoslav Wars, announces he will hand himself over to the UN Tribunal. He stands accused of war crimes against ethnic Serbs ](/news/2005/02/23/rasim-delia-former-commander-of-the-bosnian-army-in-bosnia-during-the-yugoslav-wars-announces-he-will-hand-himself-over-to-the-un-tribun.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
5. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
6. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
7. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Vojislav Seselj_
8. [Former Bosnian official Jadranko Prlic is sentenced to 25 years in prison by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for war crimes during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2013/05/29/former-bosnian-official-jadranko-prlia-is-sentenced-to-25-years-in-prison-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
9. [ The Red Cross reports that at least 17,000 are still missing from the former Yugoslavia, including 13,400 from the Bosnian wars, 2,300 from the Croatian conflict and 2,047 from the Kosovo conflict. ](/news/2007/08/29/the-red-cross-reports-that-at-least-17-000-are-still-missing-from-the-former-yugoslavia-including-13-400-from-the-bosnian-wars-2-300-from.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia_
10. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia_
