### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# Pennsylvania's Supreme Court upholds the previous court ruling that dismissed the case against Ted Cruz which challenged his eligibility to appear on the state's GOP primary ballot, and serve as president. 

&quot;With one blasé comment, this entire foundation of US grand strategy is just blasted away.&quot;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/31/politics/trump-view-from-south-korea-japan/index.html)
2. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/cruz-wins-citizenship-case-pennsylvania-supreme-court-38059265)
3. [Vox Media](http://www.vox.com/2016/3/31/11339040/trump-nukes-japan-south-korea)

### Related:

1. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland.  Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far.  The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
3. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
4. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
5. [The Republican National Committeeman for North Dakota, Curly Haugland, says that the likelihood for outsiders such as Donald Trump to get state electoral votes are slim as the party honor its own elders. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-republican-national-committeeman-for-north-dakota-curly-haugland-says-that-the-likelihood-for-outsiders-such-as-donald-trump-to-get-st.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
6. [Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-the-expected-announcement-was-made-during-a-speech-at-the-2016-conserv.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
7. [Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-honor-his-pledge-to-support-the-eventual-republican-party-pick-for-president-because-i-have.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
8. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
9. [In the  Missouri Primary, media outlets have held off calling yesterday's  races due to the extremely close results. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead in their party's vote, but by just two-tenths of 1 percent ahead of Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders, respectively. Missouri law states a recount may be requested if the margin is less than half a percentage point. Either Cruz or Sanders or both can request a recount. These results are unofficial, until they're certified by the  Missouri Secretary of State, which reportedly  could take up to four weeks. Trump leads by about 1,700 votes and Clinton's edge is about 1,500. The state also needs to count the remaining absentee and provisional ballots; the deadline for overseas ballots is noon Friday. ](/news/2016/03/16/in-the-missouri-primary-media-outlets-have-held-off-calling-yesterday-s-races-due-to-the-extremely-close-results-donald-trump-and-hillar.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
10. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
