### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers- access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. 




### Source:

1. [StreetInsider.com](http://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate+News/FTC+Suit+Alleges+Endo+%28ENDP%29+Entered+into+Pay-for-Delay+Patent+Settlements+with+Impax+%28IPXL%29+and+Watson+to+Delay+Generic+Versions+of+Branded+Drugs+Opana+ER+and+Lidoderm/11462674.html)

### Related:

1. [Opioid epidemic. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/opioid-epidemic-the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting.md) _Context: Endo International plc, Opana ER_
2. [Uber agrees to pay $20 million to settle U.S. Federal Trade Commission claims the company exaggerated prospective earnings and downplayed the costs of buying/leasing a car when recruiting new drivers. ](/news/2017/01/19/uber-agrees-to-pay-20-million-to-settle-u-s-federal-trade-commission-claims-the-company-exaggerated-prospective-earnings-and-downplayed-th.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
3. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gives the antitrust go ahead to Abbott Laboratories in its acquisition of St. Jude Medical. ](/news/2016/12/27/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-gives-the-antitrust-go-ahead-to-abbott-laboratories-in-its-acquisition-of-st-jude-medical.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
4. [U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan blocks the $6.3 billion merger of major office supply companies Staples and Office Depot, finding it would result in reduced competition and higher prices. The companies announce they are abandoning the deal. ](/news/2016/05/10/u-s-district-judge-emmet-sullivan-blocks-the-6-3-billion-merger-of-major-office-supply-companies-staples-and-office-depot-finding-it-woul.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
5. [Halliburton Co. and Baker Hughes Inc., the second- and third-largest oilfield service firms, announce the cancellation of their $28 billion merger which has faced opposition from U.S. and European antitrust regulators. Halliburton will reportedly have to pay Baker Hughes a $3.5 billion termination fee if the deal is called off. ](/news/2016/05/1/halliburton-co-and-baker-hughes-inc-the-second-and-third-largest-oilfield-service-firms-announce-the-cancellation-of-their-28-billion.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
6. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: reduced competition and higher prices_
7. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
8. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
9. [An Australian court orders British consumer goods company Reckitt Benckiser to stop selling several versions of the popular painkiller, Nurofen, that were identical to its standard ibuprofen pills but nearly twice as expensive. ](/news/2015/12/14/an-australian-court-orders-british-consumer-goods-company-reckitt-benckiser-to-stop-selling-several-versions-of-the-popular-painkiller-nuro.md) _Context: pain medications_
10. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: generic_
