### [2016-03-31](/news/2016/03/31/index.md)

# Venezuela's National Assembly, responding to last month's Central Bank of Venezuela report that the country experienced a 180.9 percent inflation increase in 2015, passes legislation, "The Law of Bonds for Food and Medicine for Retirees and Pensioners", that could make it easier for pensioners and retirees to pay for food and medicine. The approved bill has been forwarded for President Nicolas Maduro's signature. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/31/Venezuelan-retirees-could-see-grocery-bill-help-in-wake-of-180-inflation/5651459438964/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President_
2. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President_
3. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President_
4. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, President_
5. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
6. [United States-Venezuela relations: The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
7. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
8. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
