### [2014-06-1](/news/2014/06/1/index.md)

# A teenager is arrested at Heathrow Airport in England in relation to suspected involvement in Syrian-related terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Express](http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/479454/Teen-arrested-Heathrow-Airport-terrorism)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syria_
2. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria_
3. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria_
5. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-israel-defense-forces-idf-skylark-drone-over-syria-s-quneitra-governorate.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Syria_
