### [2011-05-19](/news/2011/05/19/index.md)

# A special edition of the BBC's political debate programme ''Question Time'' is recorded at Wormwood Scrubbs Prison in London. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/may/20/question-time-tv-ratings)

### Related:

1. [The BBC is to broadcast its political debate programme ''Question Time'' from inside a prison for the first time next Thursday. Ten members of staff and ten prisoners from London's Wormwood Scrubs prison are to join 100 other audience members, while panelists are to include Secretary of State for Justice Kenneth Clarke and former Home Secretary Jack Straw. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-bbc-is-to-broadcast-its-political-debate-programme-question-time-from-inside-a-prison-for-the-first-time-next-thursday-ten-members.md) _Context: BBC, London, Question Time, Wormwood Scrubbs Prison_
2. [The BBC television series ''Sherlock'' wins two prizes at the 2011 British Academy Television Awards ceremony in London, including best drama series. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-bbc-television-series-sherlock-wins-two-prizes-at-the-2011-british-academy-television-awards-ceremony-in-london-including-best-dram.md) _Context: BBC, London_
3. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott ''Question Time'' unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
4. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on ''Question Time'' was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
5. [ In a change of policy, the British Broadcasting Corporation controversially gives a platform on ''Question Time'' to the far right British National Party (BNP) leader Nick Griffin. ](/news/2009/10/22/in-a-change-of-policy-the-british-broadcasting-corporation-controversially-gives-a-platform-on-question-time-to-the-far-right-british.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
6. [ BBC's The Proms 'Last Night at the Proms' took place at Royal Albert Hall in London. The proms were simulcasted to cities across the United Kingdom like Glasgow, Swansea, Belfast, Manchester and London Hyde Park. More than 100,000 people attended the festival in London and elsewhere. The proms are currently in their 112th season. ](/news/2006/09/9/bbc-s-the-proms-last-night-at-the-proms-took-place-at-royal-albert-hall-in-london-the-proms-were-simulcasted-to-cities-across-the-united.md) _Context: BBC, London_
7. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
8. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
9. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
