### [2010-05-27](/news/2010/05/27/index.md)

# French Polynesia Vice President Edouard Fritch is arrested in a bribery probe. 




### Source:

1. [RNZI](http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/pireport/2010/May/05-27-02.htm)

### Related:

1. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
2. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
3. [Over 800 homes are destroyed or flooded in Tahiti, French Polynesia, following severe storms over the weekend, with at least 4,000 people affected. ](/news/2017/01/25/over-800-homes-are-destroyed-or-flooded-in-tahiti-french-polynesia-following-severe-storms-over-the-weekend-with-at-least-4-000-people-af.md) _Context: French Polynesia_
4. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
5. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
6. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: bribes_
8. [China's former security chief Zhou Yongkang is given a life sentence for bribery, leaking state secrets and abuse of power. ](/news/2015/06/11/china-s-former-security-chief-zhou-yongkang-is-given-a-life-sentence-for-bribery-leaking-state-secrets-and-abuse-of-power.md) _Context: bribes_
9. [China fines Glaxosmithkline US$490 million for its alleged involvement in a bribery scandal. ](/news/2014/09/19/china-fines-glaxosmithkline-us-490-million-for-its-alleged-involvement-in-a-bribery-scandal.md) _Context: bribes_
10. [United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resigns-after-being-involved-in-an-alleged-bribery-scan.md) _Context: bribes_
