### [2010-05-27](/news/2010/05/27/index.md)

# In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. 

Amnesty International&#39;s annual report on the state of human rights says that despite important gains, 2009 was a year in which accountability and justice remained a remote ideal for many.


### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/africa/Amnesty-International-Releases-2010-Human-Rights-Report--95003944.html)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/37361181/ns/world_news-europe/)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-05/27/c_13319871.htm)
4. [Businessweek](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-05-26/iran-china-repression-worsened-u-s-disappoints-amnesty-says.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council endorses the Goldstone report on the Gaza War, accusing both Israel and Hamas of war crimes. ](/news/2009/10/16/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-endorses-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war-accusing-both-israel-and-hamas-of-war-crimes.md) _Context: 2008–2009 Gaza War, Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
2. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
3. [A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
4. [The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-for-alleged-war-crimes-when-he-arrives-at.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
5. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
7. [Gaza War:Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/04/2/gaza-war-pisrael-asks-the-united-nations-to-disavow-the-goldstone-report-after-the-report-s-author-judge-richard-goldstone-says-that-he-re.md) _Context: 2008–2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Amnesty International criticises the British government for spending nearly PS1 billion on 30 Watchkeeper WK450 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) which Israel's military allegedly "field-tested on Palestinians" during the Gaza War. ](/news/2011/01/14/amnesty-international-criticises-the-british-government-for-spending-nearly-aps1-billion-on-30-watchkeeper-wk450-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-ua.md) _Context: 2008–2009 Gaza War, Amnesty International, Israel_
9. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: 2008–2009 Gaza War, Hamas, Israel_
10. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: African Union, Omar al-Bashir, United Nations_
