### [2010-05-27](/news/2010/05/27/index.md)

# Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. 

Government says it will instead prosecute leaders of the anti-government group.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/05/2010526203549379729.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10169735.stm)
3. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE64Q23520100527)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [ National Islamic Front founder Hassan al-Turabi is released after seven weeks of incarceration for suggesting that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir should surrender to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2009/03/9/national-islamic-front-founder-hassan-al-turabi-is-released-after-seven-weeks-of-incarceration-for-suggesting-that-sudanese-president-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
2. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
3. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan, United Nations_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
8. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
9. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrives in Chad, a member of the International Criminal Court, despite an arrest warrant. ](/news/2010/07/21/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-arrives-in-chad-a-member-of-the-international-criminal-court-despite-an-arrest-warrant.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, United Nations_
