### [2010-05-27](/news/2010/05/27/index.md)

# North Korea says it will scrap an accord aimed at preventing accidental naval clashes with South Korea after being blamed for a torpedo attack that sank a South Korean warship. 

North Korea says it will scrap an accord aimed at preventing accidental naval clashes with South Korea after Seoul blamed Pyongyang for a torpedo attack that sank a South Korean warship.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2010/05/27/north-korea-china.html)

### Related:

1. [Inter-Korean Relations: North Korea asks the United Nations Security Council to investigate the sinking of the "Cheonan". Diplomats say South Korea wants the council to condemn North Korea. ](/news/2010/07/1/inter-korean-relations-north-korea-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-investigate-the-sinking-of-the-cheonan-diplomats-say-sout.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, sinking_
2. [China encourages North Korea and South Korea to avoid violent clashes in the aftermath of the sinking of a South Korean warship. ](/news/2010/05/30/china-encourages-north-korea-and-south-korea-to-avoid-violent-clashes-in-the-aftermath-of-the-sinking-of-a-south-korean-warship.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, sinking_
3. [Sinking of the ROKS "Cheonan":: South Korea cuts off trade with North Korea and announces that North Korean ships will no longer be allowed to use South Korean waters. The government demands an apology over the sinking. ](/news/2010/05/24/sinking-of-the-roks-cheonan-south-korea-cuts-off-trade-with-north-korea-and-announces-that-north-korean-ships-will-no-longer-be-allowed.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, sinking_
4. [2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea after swimming across the Han River, the second North Korean defection in a week. ](/news/2017/06/18/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-defects-to-south-korea-after-swimming-across-the-han-river-the-second-north-korean-defection.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
