### [2010-05-27](/news/2010/05/27/index.md)

# The first launch of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is delayed to no earlier than June 2, 2010, due to delays in a Delta IV GPS satellite launch. 

The inaugural test launch of a new commercial rocket has slipped from May 28 to no earlier than June 2, according to its builder Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX).


### Source:

1. [Space.com News](http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/spacex-falcon9-launch-debut-slip-100526.html)

### Related:

1. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Falcon 9, SpaceX_
2. [SpaceX CRS-2: The SpaceX Falcon 9 supply rocket launches from Cape Canaveral SLC-40 as scheduled, but encounters problems once in orbit. ](/news/2013/03/1/spacex-crs-2-the-spacex-falcon-9-supply-rocket-launches-from-cape-canaveral-slc-40-as-scheduled-but-encounters-problems-once-in-orbit.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Falcon 9, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX launches a recycled Falcon 9 rocket with a   shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. Dragon 9 first connected with the ISS during a Sept. 21, 2014, mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-recycled-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internationa.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
4. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
5. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX returns to flight by placing 10 Iridium NEXT satellites in orbit and successfully recovering the first stage of its Falcon 9 launcher on a droneship. ](/news/2017/01/15/spacex-returns-to-flight-by-placing-10-iridium-next-satellites-in-orbit-and-successfully-recovering-the-first-stage-of-its-falcon-9-launcher.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX successfully lands another Falcon 9 First stage onto a floating barge for the second time. It was carrying a Japanese communications satellite JCSAT-14, which was successfully put into geostationary orbit. ](/news/2016/05/6/spacex-successfully-lands-another-falcon-9-first-stage-onto-a-floating-barge-for-the-second-time-it-was-carrying-a-japanese-communications.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX_
