### [2011-11-29](/news/2011/11/29/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, is hospitalised in Bangkok with suspected food poisoning. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world/Thailand-PM-hospitalized-with-suspected-food-poisoning/articleshow/10914797.cms)

### Related:

1. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:: Protesters gather in Bangkok to shut down the city centre in an effort to bring down the government of Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2014/01/13/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-protesters-gather-in-bangkok-to-shut-down-the-city-centre-in-an-effort-to-bring-down-the-government-of-pri.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [2013 Thai protests:: As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-as-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-co.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, admits that it is impossible to protect all of the capital Bangkok from ongoing nationwide flooding, describing the floods as a "national crisis". ](/news/2011/10/20/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-admits-that-it-is-impossible-to-protect-all-of-the-capital-bangkok-from-ongoing-nationw.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, reassures residents that the capital, Bangkok, will largely escape from major flooding over the weekend. An estimated 289 people have been killed by flooding in Thailand since July 2011. ](/news/2011/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-reassures-residents-that-the-capital-bangkok-will-largely-escape-from-major-flooding.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [2013-14 Thai political crisis: Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra will be indicted over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/02/19/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-will-be-indicted-over-a-controversial-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
