### [2005-02-24](/news/2005/02/24/index.md)

#  Slovakia Summit between U.S. President George W. Bush and Russian President Vladimir Putin begins in Bratislava. ([http://www.slovakspectator.sk/rubrika-2005007-spect_special.html Slovak Spectator])




### Related:

1. [ President of the United States George W. Bush and President of Russia Vladimir Putin hold their final talks in their current positions. ](/news/2008/04/6/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-hold-their-final-talks-in-their-current-positions.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
2. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in Kennebunkport, Maine discussing missile defense and Iran. ](/news/2007/07/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-holds-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-kennebunkport-maine-discussing-missile-defense-an.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ ''33rd G8 summit:'' President of the United States George W. Bush and President of Russia Vladimir Putin meet to discuss missile defense. ](/news/2007/06/7/33rd-g8-summit-p-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meet-to-discuss-missile-defense.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
5. [ US President George W. Bush claims that the United States and Russia had almost reached agreement on Russia joining the World Trade Organisation. Bush met with Vladimir Putin prior to the G8 meeting in Strelna. ](/news/2006/07/15/us-president-george-w-bush-claims-that-the-united-states-and-russia-had-almost-reached-agreement-on-russia-joining-the-world-trade-organis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
6. [ More than 50 heads of state, including Vladimir Putin, George W. Bush and German chancellor Gerhard Schrder, are among the guests attending the official celebrations commemorating the end of World War II in Moscow, Russia. It is the first time a German chancellor has attended a world-wide commemoration for the victims of the Third Reich. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/9/more-than-50-heads-of-state-including-vladimir-putin-george-w-bush-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-are-among-the-guests-attendin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Secretary of State Colin L. Powell says that the United States is willing to sign a treaty with Russia on limiting strategic nuclear weapons, indicating a possible shift in administration policy after withdrawing, last December, from the Antiballistic Missile Treaty of 1972. President George W. Bush and President Vladimir Putin are set to hold an arms reduction summit meeting in Moscow in May.&nbsp;- ''Background material: nuclear disarmament, nuclear warfare, nuclear proliferation.''](/news/2002/02/5/secretary-of-state-colin-l-powell-says-that-the-united-states-is-willing-to-sign-a-treaty-with-russia-on-limiting-strategic-nuclear-weapon.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
9. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the country's new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-country-s-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-f.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
