### [2005-02-24](/news/2005/02/24/index.md)

#  The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4296373.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. ](/news/2007/05/22/rowan-williams-archbishop-of-canterbury-and-spiritual-head-of-the-anglican-community-declines-to-invite-gay-bishop-of-new-hampshire-gene.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, Lambeth Conference, New Hampshire_
2. [ The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.](/news/2003/11/4/the-anglican-church-splits-over-gay-bishop-half-the-archbishops-of-the-anglican-union-denounce-the-episcopal-church-s-consecration-of-the.md) _Context: Anglican Church, Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
3. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, New Hampshire, United States Episcopal Church_
4. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: Anglican Church, United States Episcopal Church_
5. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
6. [The death toll from "Winter Storm Argos" in the U.S. state of New Hampshire rises to five. ](/news/2016/11/21/the-death-toll-from-winter-storm-argos-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire-rises-to-five.md) _Context: New Hampshire_
7. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: New Hampshire_
8. [The first Zika virus case is confirmed in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-first-zika-virus-case-is-confirmed-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire.md) _Context: New Hampshire_
9. [Voters in the state of New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election in this year's presidential cycle. ](/news/2016/02/9/voters-in-the-state-of-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-in-this-year-s-presidential-cycle.md) _Context: New Hampshire_
10. [White supremacists in the U.S. state of New Hampshire create a super PAC to support U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/02/5/white-supremacists-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire-create-a-super-pac-to-support-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-s-presidential.md) _Context: New Hampshire_
