### [2015-02-24](/news/2015/02/24/index.md)

# Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi withdraws his resignation as President of Yemen after escaping from the custody of the Houthis. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Arabiyah](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/02/24/Yemen-president-retracts-resignation-aide-.html)

### Related:

1. [ At least 69 people are killed and 25 injured in fighting between the Houthis and government forces loyal to Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. ](/news/2016/05/29/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-25-injured-in-fighting-between-the-houthis-and-government-forces-loyal-to-yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-man.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Yemeni President_
2. [Members of exiled President of Yemen Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi's Cabinet tour the southern city of Aden for the first time in several months. ](/news/2015/07/16/members-of-exiled-president-of-yemen-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-s-cabinet-tour-the-southern-city-of-aden-for-the-first-time-in-several-months.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present), Yemeni President_
3. [Loyalists of exiled President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi capture Aden International Airport after four months of being under Houthi control. ](/news/2015/07/15/loyalists-of-exiled-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-capture-aden-international-airport-after-four-months-of-being-under-houthi-control.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present), Yemeni President_
4. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
5. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired-fr.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
6. [The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-in.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
7. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-incide.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
8. [Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi sacks Prime Minister and Vice President of Yemen Khaled Mahfoudh Bahah. Hadi named top general Ali Mohsen al-Ahmar as his new Vice President and appointed Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr, a former official in Saleh's General People's Congress as the new Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/04/3/yemeni-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-sacks-prime-minister-and-vice-president-of-yemen-khaled-mahfoudh-bahah-hadi-named-top-general-ali-m.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
9. [Yemeni Prime Minister Khaled Bahah rejects a cabinet reshuffle ordered by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, another sign of the deepening rift between the two leaders. These problems started in March after the president appointed the minister of health as acting foreign minister without consulting the prime minister. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-rejects-a-cabinet-reshuffle-ordered-by-president-abd-rabbuh-mansur-hadi-another-sign-of-the-deepening-ri.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemeni President_
10. [Houthi militants blow up several bridges in Yemen's southwestern Taiz Governorate to halt the advance of pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/11/24/houthi-militants-blow-up-several-bridges-in-yemen-s-southwestern-taiz-governorate-to-halt-the-advance-of-pro-hadi-government-forces.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi_
