### [2015-02-24](/news/2015/02/24/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that ISIL kidnapped at least 150 people from Assyrian Christian villages in Syria in a series of February 23 raids. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/24/us-mideast-crisis-christians-idUSKBN0LS0MH20150224?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20150224&t=2&i=1027444929&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEB1N0CZ)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nort.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hig.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-leaves-at-least-47-civilians.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restaurants-in-the-kurdish-controlled-syrian-city-o.md) _Context: Chaldean, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs says it's aware of reports that a Canadian national, John Robert Gallagher, has died while fighting in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, John Robert Gallagher was killed while fighting alongside the Syrian Democratic Forces against Islamic State militants in the northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/5/canada-s-department-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-s-aware-of-reports-that-a-canadian-national-john-robert-gallagher-has-died-while-fighting-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
