### [2012-04-10](/news/2012/04/10/index.md)

# The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls over 1% amid concerns in Europe over its debt crisis. 

All three indexes drop more than 1.5% after fears over have renewed concerns over Europe as borrowing costs spike in Spain and Italy.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2012/04/10/markets/stocks/index.htm?hpt=hp_t3)

### Related:

1. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpasses pre-financial crisis levels, reaching an all-time high, last set in October 2007, after the release of better than expected economic data from the United States and Europe and the Chinese growth target. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-surpasses-pre-financial-crisis-levels-reaching-an-all-time-high-last-set-in-october-2007-after-the-relea.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Europe_
2. [Asian and European stock markets open lower in response to the ongoing sovereign debt crisis in Europe. ](/news/2011/09/26/asian-and-european-stock-markets-open-lower-in-response-to-the-ongoing-sovereign-debt-crisis-in-europe.md) _Context: Europe, European sovereign-debt crisis_
3. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls by nearly 400 points due to credit worries. Canadian and European stocks also fall. The European Central Bank, United States Federal Reserve and Bank of Canada all inject money into their credit markets to ease concerns. ](/news/2007/08/9/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-falls-by-nearly-400-points-due-to-credit-worries-canadian-and-european-stocks-also-fall-the-european-cen.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Europe_
4. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Share prices continue to fall in Asian markets as a consequence of the subprime mortgage crisis with South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines hardest hit. [http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/16/business/worldbusiness/16cnd-asiastox.html?ex=1344916800&en=dac5d9f1aa5e015b&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss (NYT)] The Bank of Japan injects 400 billion yen into its money market. [http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/08/16/business/AS-FIN-ECO-Japan-Central-Bank.php (AP via IHT)] The FTSE 100 falls below 6,000 points in trading in the morning session on the London Stock Exchange while other European markets fall as well. [http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/story.aspx?guid=%7B43AF92BD%2DFF7E%2D4930%2D9227%2D742118725674%7D&siteid=rss (Market Watch)] [http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/fn/5058642.html (AP via Houston Chronicle)] The Dow Jones Industrial Average sees a late recovery in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier losing 340 points. [http://www.marketwatch.com/News/Story/Story.aspx?guid={C6C65094-55FC-435D-A603-513F6EEE9203} (Market Watch)] The iBovespa falls by 3,500 points in the afternoon session on the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange. Brazil's stock market recorded its biggest one-day drop since the September 11, 2001 attacks. [http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUKN1635924120070816?rpc=44 (Reuters)] BSE Sensex falls by 642.70 points on a single day trade due to global factors. The fall is the second biggest in recent times. ](/news/2007/08/16/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-share-prices-continue-to-fall-in-asian-markets-as-a-consequence-of-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis-with-south-korea.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Europe_
5. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Europe_
6. [In a speech in Munich, Angela Merkel says that Europe must not rely on its former allies. ](/news/2017/05/28/in-a-speech-in-munich-angela-merkel-says-that-europe-must-not-rely-on-its-former-allies.md) _Context: Europe_
7. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average rises above 21,000 points, reaching an all-time high. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-rises-above-21-000-points-reaching-an-all-time-high.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average_
8. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Europe_
9. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching [?]30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10  in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-a30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Europe_
10. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average breaks 20,000 for the first time ever. ](/news/2017/01/25/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-breaks-20-000-for-the-first-time-ever.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average_
