### [2012-04-10](/news/2012/04/10/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2012:. American politician Rick Santorum suspends his candidacy for the Republican nomination, increasing the likelihood that Mitt Romney will be the nominee. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57411949-503544/rick-santorum-ends-bid-for-gop-nomination/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2012: Newt Gingrich suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Mitt Romney is declared the presumptive nominee. ](/news/2012/05/2/united-states-presidential-election-2012-newt-gingrich-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-mitt-romney-is-declared.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries, United States presidential election, 2012_
2. [United States Presidential election:. Voters in the US states of Maryland and Wisconsin as well as Washington, D.C. go to the polls for Republican primaries with Mitt Romney projected as the winner in all three contests. ](/news/2012/04/3/united-states-presidential-election-voters-in-the-us-states-of-maryland-and-wisconsin-as-well-as-washington-d-c-go-to-the-polls-for-repu.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries, United States presidential election, 2012_
3. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012:. Republican primary candidate and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wins the 2012 Iowa Caucus, with candidate and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum behind by eight votes; Congressman Ron Paul had a strong showing in third place. ](/news/2012/01/4/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2012-republican-primary-candidate-and-former-massachusetts-governor-mitt-romney-wins-the-2012-iow.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries, Rick Santorum_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama spent more than an hour with Mitt Romney at the White House, as the one-time rivals shared lunch and discussed their ideas for the first time since the 2012 election. ](/news/2012/11/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-spent-more-than-an-hour-with-mitt-romney-at-the-white-house-as-the-one-time-rivals-shared-lunch-and-discussed-t.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
5. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
6. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
7. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, United States presidential election, 2012_
8. [Voters in the US states of Arkansas and Kentucky go to the polls, with Mitt Romney winning the Republican primaries, and President Barack Obama winning but performing relatively poorly against token opposition in the Democratic primaries. ](/news/2012/05/22/voters-in-the-us-states-of-arkansas-and-kentucky-go-to-the-polls-with-mitt-romney-winning-the-republican-primaries-and-president-barack-ob.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
9. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:. Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
10. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012. Voters in the US territory of Puerto Rico go to the polls for the Republican primary with Mitt Romney winning all of the delegates. ](/news/2012/03/18/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-the-us-territory-of-puerto-rico-go-to-the-polls-for-the-republican-primary-with-mit.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican primaries_
