### [2016-02-13](/news/2016/02/13/index.md)

# Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. 

Taliban insurgents in captured military Humvee vehicles launched suicide attacks in the southern Afghan province of Helmand on Saturday, killing several members of the security forces in the district centre of Sangin, a senior official said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/afghanistan-taliban-idINKCN0VM0UH)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Sangin, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), military personnel_
3. [Twelve Afghan National Police officers are killed in a Taliban "infiltration attack" in the southern Helmand Province. ](/news/2017/02/28/twelve-afghan-national-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-infiltration-attack-in-the-southern-helmand-province.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Five people are killed in a Taliban attack on Afghan Member of Parliament Mir Wali's home in Helmand Province. At least three security guards and two civilians were killed in the assault; Wali and others were injured. The gunmen are holding a number of occupants hostage. ](/news/2016/12/21/five-people-are-killed-in-a-taliban-attack-on-afghan-member-of-parliament-mir-wali-s-home-in-helmand-province-at-least-three-security-guard.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as-taliban-insurgents-advance-upon-the.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [ At least 11 Afghan policemen are killed in a suspected Taliban attack on security checkpoints in Helmand province. ](/news/2016/05/30/at-least-11-afghan-policemen-are-killed-in-a-suspected-taliban-attack-on-security-checkpoints-in-helmand-province.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [Taliban militants attack government offices in the southern Helmand Province of Afghanistan, with at least 10 killed, including seven of the attackers. ](/news/2016/03/9/taliban-militants-attack-government-offices-in-the-southern-helmand-province-of-afghanistan-with-at-least-10-killed-including-seven-of-the.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Helmand Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bombing_
10. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in-kundu.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), military personnel_
