### [2016-02-13](/news/2016/02/13/index.md)

# The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. 

Oklahoma was struck by a magnitude 5.1 earthquake on Saturday morning, the third-strongest quake ever recorded in the state, which has experienced a surge in seismic activity in recent years, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-oklahoma-quake-idUSKCN0VM0ST)
2. [USGS](http://www.usgs.gov/blogs/features/usgs_top_story/magnitude-5-1-earthquake-in-oklahoma/?from=title)

### Related:

1. [2016 Christchurch earthquake. The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/2016-christchurch-earthquake-the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-joh.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude_
2. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude_
3. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
4. [January 2017 Central Italy earthquakes. Four earthquakes of magnitude 5.1 or higher strike near Amatrice, Italy, forcing evacuation of some schools and the Rome Metro. No deaths are reported from the quakes. ](/news/2017/01/18/january-2017-central-italy-earthquakes-four-earthquakes-of-magnitude-5-1-or-higher-strike-near-amatrice-italy-forcing-evacuation-of-some.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
5. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
6. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua not far from the Honduran border. "La Prensa" reports the walls of a church collapsed in the city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a-chu.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
7. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
8. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a 6.5 magnitude earthquake 155 km (95 miles) from the West Sumatra port city of Padang in Indonesia at a depth of about 50 km (30 miles). There are no immediate reports of damage or injury. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-155-km-95-miles-from-the-west-sumatra-port-city-of-padang-in-indonesia-at-a.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, magnitude_
9. [List of earthquakes in Australia. The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/05/20/list-of-earthquakes-in-australia-the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-9-earthquake-strikes-the-southern-part-of.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
10. [A 6.6 magnitude earthquake strikes off the eastern coast of Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia's Far East. Shaking was felt throughout large parts of the peninsula, but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-the-eastern-coast-of-kamchatka-peninsula-in-russia-s-far-east-shaking-was-felt-throughout-large-part.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
