### [1999-05-7](/news/1999/05/7/index.md)

#  Kosovo War: In Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, three Chinese embassy workers are killed and 20 wounded when a NATO aircraft mistakenly bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade.




### Related:

1. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
2. [ Kosovo War: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and NATO sign a peace treaty.](/news/1999/06/9/kosovo-war-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-and-nato-sign-a-peace-treaty.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
3. [ In Belgrade, tens of thousands of Serbians rally to demand the resignation of Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic](/news/1999/08/19/in-belgrade-tens-of-thousands-of-serbians-rally-to-demand-the-resignation-of-yugoslav-president-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: Belgrade, Federal Republic of Yugoslavia_
4. [ Kosovo War: Operation Joint Guardian begins - NATO-led United Nations peacekeeping force KFOR enter the province of Kosovo in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.](/news/1999/06/12/kosovo-war-operation-joint-guardian-begins-nato-led-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-kfor-enter-the-province-of-kosovo-in-federal-repub.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
5. [ NATO launches air strikes in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia which was force to sign a peace treaty. This marks the first time NATO attacked a sovereign country](/news/1999/03/24/nato-launches-air-strikes-in-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-which-was-force-to-sign-a-peace-treaty-this-marks-the-first-time-nato-attacked.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
6. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
