### [2014-12-30](/news/2014/12/30/index.md)

# Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501: Indonesian officials confirm that at least three bodies have been recovered from the Java Sea off Borneo. 

Crowded airspace kept air traffic controllers from granting immediate request by now-missing plane to gain altitude; hope nearly gone for finding survivors


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30634081)
2. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/airasia-flight-8501-request-to-climb-initially-denied/)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501: Traveling through thunderstorms over the Java Sea, Flight 8501 loses contact with air traffic control after the plane departed from the Indonesian city of Surabaya en route to Singapore with 162 people on board. ](/news/2014/12/28/indonesia-airasia-flight-8501-traveling-through-thunderstorms-over-the-java-sea-flight-8501-loses-contact-with-air-traffic-control-after-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501, Java Sea_
2. [2015 Southeast Asian haze: Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/2015-southeast-asian-haze-scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-abo.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
3. [2015 Southeast Asian haze: Indonesian forest fires have advanced into dense forest on Borneo and now threaten one third of the world-s remaining wild orangutans, say conservationists. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-southeast-asian-haze-indonesian-forest-fires-have-advanced-into-dense-forest-on-borneo-and-now-threaten-one-third-of-the-world-s-rem.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
4. [ At least 500 people are feared to have drowned after the ferry "Senopati Nusantara" travelling between the port of Kumai on the Indonesian island of Borneo to Semarang on Java sank during a storm. ](/news/2006/12/30/at-least-500-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-after-the-ferry-senopati-nusantara-travelling-between-the-port-of-kumai-on-the-indonesian.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
5. [ Malaysia and Indonesia agree to talks about the border dispute in Borneo over oil resources. Indonesia has deployed military units to the area ](/news/2005/03/7/malaysia-and-indonesia-agree-to-talks-about-the-border-dispute-in-borneo-over-oil-resources-indonesia-has-deployed-military-units-to-the-a.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
