### [2008-12-9](/news/2008/12/9/index.md)

#  Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. 




### Source:

1. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Illinois-Gov-Blagojevich-taken-federal/story.aspx?guid=%7B2C84E9DD%2D0CEF%2D4F7F%2DA2F4%2D1A416DCCC422%7D&dist=hplatest)

### Related:

1. [ Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. ](/news/2008/12/30/illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-appoints-former-democratic-illinois-attorney-general-roland-burris-to-president-elect-barack-obama-s-vaca.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Governor of Illinois, Illinois, President-elect, Rod Blagojevich, Senate, United States, seat_
2. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senate, United States_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. ](/news/2007/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-barack-obama-d-il-officially-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-during-a-speech-at.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, President of the United States, Senate_
4. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chicago, President of the United States, United States_
5. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, President of the United States, Senate_
6. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Senate, United States_
7. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Senate, United States_
8. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, United States_
9. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders  for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, President of the United States, United States_
10. [ Despite the corruption scandal surrounding Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, the United States Senate confirms Roland Burris as a member. ](/news/2009/01/15/despite-the-corruption-scandal-surrounding-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-the-united-states-senate-confirms-roland-burris-as-a-member.md) _Context: Governor of Illinois, Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, Senate_
