### [2008-12-9](/news/2008/12/9/index.md)

#  United Nations-mediated peace talks commence in Nairobi, Kenya, between the government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the National Congress for the Defence of the People. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/africa/12/08/congo.talks/)

### Related:

1. [ Sudanese Civil War: At a special session of the United Nations Security Council in Nairobi, Kenya, the government of Sudan and southern rebels sign an agreement which states that both sides will commit themselves to ending the 21-year conflict by December 31. The Council then unanimously passes a resolution which promises substantial aid to the country after the wars in the south and in the region of Darfur come to an end. ](/news/2004/11/19/sudanese-civil-war-at-a-special-session-of-the-united-nations-security-council-in-nairobi-kenya-the-government-of-sudan-and-southern-reb.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi, United Nations_
2. [Seven schoolgirls are killed and ten hospitalised after a fire at the Moi Girls School in Nairobi, Kenya. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-schoolgirls-are-killed-and-ten-hospitalised-after-a-fire-at-the-moi-girls-school-in-nairobi-kenya.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
3. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-aroun.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
4. [Kenyan authorities say the death toll from Friday's collapsed "eight-story" residential building in Nairobi has risen to 20, with 73 people missing. Rescuers continue searching for survivors. The building had been declared unfit for human habitation by the country's National Construction Authority, but remained standing. "Note": the building was originally reported as six stories; flooding had sunk the ground and first floors. ](/news/2016/05/1/kenyan-authorities-say-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-collapsed-eight-story-residential-building-in-nairobi-has-risen-to-20-with-73-people.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
5. [Heavy rain in Nairobi, Kenya, causes floods killing at least four people. ](/news/2016/04/29/heavy-rain-in-nairobi-kenya-causes-floods-killing-at-least-four-people.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
6. [The World Trade Organization approves Afghanistan's membership at its 10th ministerial conference in Nairobi, Kenya. Afghanistan becomes the 164th WTO member and is the 36th least developed country (LDC) in the global trade body. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-world-trade-organization-approves-afghanistan-s-membership-at-its-10th-ministerial-conference-in-nairobi-kenya-afghanistan-becomes-the.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
7. [As many as 53 members of the World Trade Organization sign an agreement in Nairobi, Kenya, to remove import tariffs on 201 information technology products that account for trade of $1.3 trillion annually. ](/news/2015/12/16/as-many-as-53-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-sign-an-agreement-in-nairobi-kenya-to-remove-import-tariffs-on-201-information-techn.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
8. [One person dies and at least 31 are injured when students and staff at Strathmore University in Nairobi, Kenya, frantically try to escape after hearing nearby gunshots during an "approved safety and security simulation drill." The Strathmore campus did not hear, before or during the test, that this was a drill. Tensions have been high at Kenyan schools since April when 139 were killed during a terrorist attack at Garissa University College. Many Kenyan universities have held security drills; six were hospitalized at the latest at Kenyatta University. ](/news/2015/11/30/one-person-dies-and-at-least-31-are-injured-when-students-and-staff-at-strathmore-university-in-nairobi-kenya-frantically-try-to-escape-af.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
9. [Pope Francis condemns the way young people have been "radicalized in the name of religion to sow discord and fear," during a talk in Nairobi, Kenya. ](/news/2015/11/26/pope-francis-condemns-the-way-young-people-have-been-radicalized-in-the-name-of-religion-to-sow-discord-and-fear-during-a-talk-in-nairobi.md) _Context: Kenya, Nairobi_
10. [Three members of a United Nations peacekeeping mission to the Democratic Republic of the Congo have been abducted. ](/news/2015/04/24/three-members-of-a-united-nations-peacekeeping-mission-to-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-have-been-abducted.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
