### [2014-07-23](/news/2014/07/23/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Two explosions rip through the northern Nigerian city of Kaduna killing at least 82 people. 

By Garba Muhammed KADUNA Nigeria (Reuters) - At least 82 people were killed on Wednesday in two suicide bombings in the north Nigerian city of Kaduna, one aimed at opposition leader and ex-president Muhammadu Buhari and another at a moderate Muslim cleric about to lead a crowd in prayer. The attacks


### Source:

1. [Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/blast-north-nigerian-city-kaduna-kills-several-122045415.html)

### Related:

1. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
2. [More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeastern-nigeria-and-its-neighboring.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
3. [Cameroon's army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country's defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/cameroonas-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-members-of-the-militant-islamist-boko-haram-group-and-freed-900-p.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
4. [At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno-state.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
5. [Nigeria postpones its general election for six weeks to allow its armed forces to take control of the Boko Haram-controlled parts of the country. ](/news/2015/02/7/nigeria-postpones-its-general-election-for-six-weeks-to-allow-its-armed-forces-to-take-control-of-the-boko-haram-controlled-parts-of-the-cou.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pfollowing-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-hara.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
7. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Two bombs explode in the central Nigerian city of Jos with at least 40 people dead. ](/news/2014/12/11/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-ptwo-bombs-explode-in-the-central-nigerian-city-of-jos-with-at-least-40-people-dead.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
8. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:A roadside bomb planted at a bus station near the town of Mubi in northeastern Nigeria kills 40, including 5 soldiers. ](/news/2014/11/27/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pa-roadside-bomb-planted-at-a-bus-station-near-the-town-of-mubi-in-northeastern-nigeria-kills-40-including-5.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Two teenage girl suicide bombers kill more than 40 people in Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2014/11/25/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-ptwo-teenage-girl-suicide-bombers-kill-more-than-40-people-in-maiduguri-the-capital-of-borno-state-in-northe.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Boko Haram kill at least 45 in a reprisal attack on a village in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2014/11/19/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pboko-haram-kill-at-least-45-in-a-reprisal-attack-on-a-village-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
