### [2010-12-2](/news/2010/12/2/index.md)

# Ivory Coasts' election commission in Cte d'Ivoire declares Alassane Ouattara the winner of the Ivorian presidential election but the Constitutional Council declares the announcement invalid as it missed the deadline to announce the results. 

Election commission calls for patience as announcement of contested election result passes midnight cut-off point.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/12/201012201816213764.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/africa/12/02/ivory.coast.election/index.html?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [Ivorian political crisis:: A swearing-in ceremony for Laurent Gbagbo takes place in Cte d'Ivoire, although world leaders and the election commission back Alassane Ouattara as winner of the presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/4/ivorian-political-crisis-a-swearing-in-ceremony-for-laurent-gbagbo-takes-place-in-cote-d-ivoire-although-world-leaders-and-the-election-c.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire_
2. [Alassane Ouattara, the internationally-recognised winner of the presidential election in Cte d'Ivoire, calls for a general strike to force Laurent Gbagbo, who is refusing to cede power, to step down. ](/news/2010/12/27/alassane-ouattara-the-internationally-recognised-winner-of-the-presidential-election-in-cote-d-ivoire-calls-for-a-general-strike-to-force.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire_
3. [An alliance of opposition parties that endorse the presidency of Alassane Ouattara in the Ivory Coast call for mass protests, following the presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/15/an-alliance-of-opposition-parties-that-endorse-the-presidency-of-alassane-ouattara-in-the-ivory-coast-call-for-mass-protests-following-the.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
4. [Supporters of Ivory Coast presidential aspirant Alassane Ouattara conduct a mass protest over the results of the recent presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/14/supporters-of-ivory-coast-presidential-aspirant-alassane-ouattara-conduct-a-mass-protest-over-the-results-of-the-recent-presidential-electio.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
5. [The Ivory Coast presidential election will go to a second round with President Laurent Gbagbo facing opposition leader Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2010/11/6/the-ivory-coast-presidential-election-will-go-to-a-second-round-with-president-laurent-gbagbo-facing-opposition-leader-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
6. [2017 Ivory Coast mutiny: Ivory Coast president Alassane Ouattara reaches a deal with soldiers who seized the town of Bouake in a pay protest. The soldiers are seeking bonuses, pay rises and faster promotion. ](/news/2017/01/7/2017-ivory-coast-mutiny-ivory-coast-president-alassane-ouattara-reaches-a-deal-with-soldiers-who-seized-the-town-of-bouake-in-a-pay-protest.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
7. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Partial results from Sunday's election give Ivory Coast's President Alassane Ouattara an overwhelming lead (83.18 percent) on the way to a second five-year term. This weekend's vote was judged to be peaceful and transparent by observers, making it the first in Cote d'Ivoire-s history not to be marred by serious rights violations or irregularities. ](/news/2015/10/27/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-partial-results-from-sunday-s-election-give-ivory-coast-s-president-alassane-ouattara-an-overwhelming-l.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
8. [Ivorian presidential election, 2015: Voters in the Ivory Coast go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent Alassane Ouattara favoured to win. ](/news/2015/10/25/ivorian-presidential-election-2015-voters-in-the-ivory-coast-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
9. [President of Ivory Coast Alassane Ouattara meets with his French counterpart Francois Hollande in Paris to finalize a deal that will forgive a debt of nearly 4.7 billion dollars owed to the former colonial power.](/news/2012/07/26/president-of-ivory-coast-alassane-ouattara-meets-with-his-french-counterpart-franassois-hollande-in-paris-to-finalize-a-deal-that-will-forgiv.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Ivory Coast_
10. [The Ivory Coast Constitutional Council confirms that Alassane Ouattara won the 2010 presidential election reversing a decision that had found in favour of the previous incumbent Laurent Gbagbo. That original decision (now reversed) had sparked a brief war. ](/news/2011/05/5/the-ivory-coast-constitutional-council-confirms-that-alassane-ouattara-won-the-2010-presidential-election-reversing-a-decision-that-had-foun.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara_
