### [2010-12-2](/news/2010/12/2/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives votes to censure New York Democratic Party member Charlie Rangel. 

Despite an impassioned plea by Representative Charles B. Rangel, the House voted 333-79 for a severe sanction.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/03/nyregion/03rangel.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [The United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct recommends that the United States House of Representatives censure Rep. Charlie Rangel D-NY for ethics violations and be required to make restitution for any unpaid taxes. ](/news/2010/11/18/the-united-states-house-committee-on-standards-of-official-conduct-recommends-that-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-censure-rep-c.md) _Context: Charlie Rangel, Democratic, New York State, United States House of Representatives_
2. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Democratic, New York State, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Kathy Hochul, the Democratic Party candidate, wins a special election to represent New York's 26th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/05/24/kathy-hochul-the-democratic-party-candidate-wins-a-special-election-to-represent-new-york-s-26th-congressional-district-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Democratic, New York State, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: Democratic, New York State, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
7. [2016 House Democrats sit-in. Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/2016-house-democrats-sit-in-georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state-s eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Democratic Party candidate Suzanne Bonamici wins a special election to represent the 1st congressional district of Oregon in the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/01/31/democratic-party-candidate-suzanne-bonamici-wins-a-special-election-to-represent-the-1st-congressional-district-of-oregon-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
