### [2010-12-2](/news/2010/12/2/index.md)

# United States diplomatic cables leak:: Amazon.com cuts off its access to the WikiLeaks website following "heavy political pressure" applied by Joe Lieberman, a senator in the United States. The move is compared to the censorship of Google by China. 

Industry&#x20;Minister&#x20;Eric&#x20;Besson&#x20;&#x28;pictured&#x29;&#x20;has&#x20;called&#x20;for&#x20;WikiLeaks&#x20;to&#x20;be&#x20;banned&#x20;from&#x20;French&#x20;servers,&#x20;saying&#x20;hosting&#x20;the&#x20;site&#x20;is&#x20;&quot;unacceptable&quot;.&#x20;The&#x20;site&#x20;launched&#x20;a&#x20;new&#x20;Swiss&#x20;address,&#x20;wikileaks.


### Source:

1. [AFP via France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20101203-wikileaks-besson-france-banned-servers-cyber-attacks-ovh-swiss-address-assange)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/12/201012253747795885.html)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/20101224118125377.html)
4. [Reuters via ''National Post](http://www.nationalpost.com/news/world/Very+difficult+prosecute+WikiLeaks+chief/3915956/story.html)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2010/dec/01/wikileaks-website-cables-servers-amazon)

### Related:

1. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
2. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people-s digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
3. [In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. ](/news/2015/04/24/in-the-united-states-the-nasdaq-and-s-p-500-end-at-record-highs-spurred-by-strong-results-by-tech-giants-google-amazon-and-microsoft.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
4. [Vault 7: WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
5. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: Google, United States_
6. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Google, United States_
7. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
8. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
9. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
10. [The Solicitor General of the United States sides with Oracle in a much-watched copyright dispute with Google over Java APIs. ](/news/2015/05/28/the-solicitor-general-of-the-united-states-sides-with-oracle-in-a-much-watched-copyright-dispute-with-google-over-java-apis.md) _Context: Google, United States_
