### [2010-12-2](/news/2010/12/2/index.md)

# WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange calls for the resignation of Hillary Clinton "if it can be shown that she was responsible for ordering U.S. diplomatic figures to engage in espionage in the United Nations, in violation of the international covenants to which the U.S. has signed up". 




### Source:

1. [TIME](http://www.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,28804,2034088_2034097_2033771,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Ecuador invites Julian Assange of WikiLeaks to speak publicly and offers him residency where he can make more revelations. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez praises the website and calls for the resignation of U.S. secretary of state Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2010/11/30/ecuador-invites-julian-assange-of-wikileaks-to-speak-publicly-and-offers-him-residency-where-he-can-make-more-revelations-venezuelan-presid.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
2. [Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie-wasserman-schultz-supported-the-candidacy-of.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, WikiLeaks_
3. [The UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention rules that Julian Assange is being arbitrarily detained. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-un-working-group-on-arbitrary-detention-rules-that-julian-assange-is-being-arbitrarily-detained.md) _Context: Julian Assange, United Nations_
4. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [Swedish forensic scientists find no conclusive evidence of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange's DNA in a torn condom submitted by one of his alleged rape victims. The condom had been a key piece of evidence in Sweden's case against Assange. ](/news/2012/09/17/swedish-forensic-scientists-find-no-conclusive-evidence-of-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-s-dna-in-a-torn-condom-submitted-by-one-of-his-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
