### [2008-03-27](/news/2008/03/27/index.md)

#  Germany scraps plans to build the Transrapid high-speed monorail link between the Bavarian capital Munich and its airport because of a massive overrun in costs. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,2144,3219174,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
2. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
3. [Ten people, including the gunman, are killed and 21 wounded in a shooting in and around the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum shopping mall in the Moosach district of Munich, Germany, next to the Olympic stadium.](/news/2016/07/22/ten-people-including-the-gunman-are-killed-and-21-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-and-around-the-olympia-einkaufszentrum-shopping-mall-in-the-moo.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
4. [ One person is killed and several others injured in a knife attack at the Grafing station, a station of the Munich S-Bahn system in Germany. ](/news/2016/05/10/one-person-is-killed-and-several-others-injured-in-a-knife-attack-at-the-grafing-station-a-station-of-the-munich-s-bahn-system-in-germany.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
5. [  A German train controller, who was operating the tracks where two trains collided on February 9 near the town of Bad Aibling, Bavaria, is arrested on possible manslaughter charges. Prosecutors say the controller had been playing a game on his mobile phone, which led to his making signalling errors. The crash resulted in 11 deaths and 85 injuries, 24 serious. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-german-train-controller-who-was-operating-the-tracks-where-two-trains-collided-on-february-9-near-the-town-of-bad-aibling-bavaria-is.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
6. [Two passenger trains collide in the German town of Bad Aibling in the state of Bavaria. At least ten people are dead, one person is missing and presumed dead, about 80 are wounded, and 17 are seriously or critically injured. The rescue is difficult - resembling a mountain-type rescue - because of a nearby river and a steep incline and a curve in the tracks; rescue helicopters had to be used. It is one of Bavaria's and Germany's deadliest-ever railroad accidents. Human error is being examined as a possibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/two-passenger-trains-collide-in-the-german-town-of-bad-aibling-in-the-state-of-bavaria-at-least-ten-people-are-dead-one-person-is-missing.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
7. [The bodies of eight babies are found wrapped in towels and inside plastic bags in an apartment in the town of Wallenfels in Germany's state of Bavaria. Authorities are looking for the apartment's most recent occupant, Andrea G, a 45-year-old woman. ](/news/2015/11/13/the-bodies-of-eight-babies-are-found-wrapped-in-towels-and-inside-plastic-bags-in-an-apartment-in-the-town-of-wallenfels-in-germany-s-state.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
8. [The southern German state of Bavaria threatens to take the Federal German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of migrants to Germany. Over 200,000 migrants are estimated to have entered Germany since the beginning of September, the vast majority over the Austrian border into Bavaria. ](/news/2015/10/9/the-southern-german-state-of-bavaria-threatens-to-take-the-federal-german-government-to-court-if-it-fails-to-take-immediate-steps-to-limit-t.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
9. [The German state of Bavaria plans "emergency measures" in response to the migrant crisis, including deporting migrants back to Austria and closing the border. An estimated 225,000 migrants have arrived in the southern German state in less than five weeks. ](/news/2015/10/8/the-german-state-of-bavaria-plans-emergency-measures-in-response-to-the-migrant-crisis-including-deporting-migrants-back-to-austria-and-c.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
10. [The murderer of two girls in Krailling, Bavaria (Germany) is convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. ](/news/2012/04/16/the-murderer-of-two-girls-in-krailling-bavaria-germany-is-convicted-and-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
