### [2011-05-8](/news/2011/05/8/index.md)

# Hun Sen, the Prime Minister of Cambodia and Abhisit Vejjajiva, the Prime Minister of Thailand, meet during an ASEAN summit meeting in Jakarta to try to resolve an ongoing territorial dispute, but fail. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42945782)

### Related:

1. [The "Cambodia Daily" newspaper announces it will publish its final edition after being ordered to pay USD$6.3 million in taxes as a result of an investigation, initiated by Prime Minister of Cambodia Hun Sen, into private companies operating in Cambodia. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-cambodia-daily-newspaper-announces-it-will-publish-its-final-edition-after-being-ordered-to-pay-usd-6-3-million-in-taxes-as-a-result-o.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
2. [According to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, 30 Laotian soldiers cross the border into Steung Treng Province despite repeated requests for them to leave. Hun Sen gives Laos a six-day ultimatum to withdraw the soldiers or face a military response. ](/news/2017/08/11/according-to-cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-30-laotian-soldiers-cross-the-border-into-steung-treng-province-despite-repeated-requests-for.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
3. [Voters cast ballots to select representatives for rural and urban Cambodian precincts from, nationwide, 94,595 candidates for 11,572 council seats. Voter turnout was 85.74 percent with few reports of irregularities. According to early results, the opposition makes significant gains against the ruling party of Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2017/06/4/voters-cast-ballots-to-select-representatives-for-rural-and-urban-cambodian-precincts-from-nationwide-94-595-candidates-for-11-572-council.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
4. [Kem Ley, a popular Cambodian political commentator and frequent critic of Prime Minister Hun Sen, is shot dead at a gas station in Phnom Penh. ](/news/2016/07/10/kem-ley-a-popular-cambodian-political-commentator-and-frequent-critic-of-prime-minister-hun-sen-is-shot-dead-at-a-gas-station-in-phnom-pen.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
5. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: ASEAN, Hun Sen_
6. [Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delays his return home from South Korea as tension comes to a head between his supporters and those of Prime Minister Hun Sen. Friday, a Cambodian court issued an arrest warrant related to an old defamation case for which Sam had already received a royal pardon. Today, Parliament stripped him of immunity protection. ](/news/2015/11/16/cambodian-opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-delays-his-return-home-from-south-korea-as-tension-comes-to-a-head-between-his-supporters-and-those-o.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
7. [The Parliament of Cambodia votes for Hun Sen to continue as Prime Minister despite an opposition boycott. ](/news/2013/09/24/the-parliament-of-cambodia-votes-for-hun-sen-to-continue-as-prime-minister-despite-an-opposition-boycott.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
8. [Voters in Cambodia go to the polls for a general election with the governing Cambodian People's Party led by Prime Minister Hun Sen claiming victory amidst opposition claims of widespread irregularities. ](/news/2013/07/28/voters-in-cambodia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-governing-cambodian-people-s-party-led-by-prime-minister-hun-sen-claiming.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Prime Minister of Cambodia_
9. [Abhisit Vejjajiva, the outgoing Prime Minister of Thailand, resigns as the leader of the Democrat Party following a heavy defeat in yesterday's general election. ](/news/2011/07/4/abhisit-vejjajiva-the-outgoing-prime-minister-of-thailand-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-democrat-party-following-a-heavy-defeat-in-yesterda.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister_
10. [Thailand's Election Commission fails to endorse 142 prospective members of the House of Representatives including incoming Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and outgoing Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva. ](/news/2011/07/13/thailand-s-election-commission-fails-to-endorse-142-prospective-members-of-the-house-of-representatives-including-incoming-prime-minister-yi.md) _Context: Abhisit Vejjajiva, Prime Minister_
