### [2011-05-8](/news/2011/05/8/index.md)

# Thousands of people march in Mexico City to protest the 38,000 people that have died in drug-related violence since the beginning of the Mexican Drug War in 2006. 

Thousands of Mexicans on Sunday marched into the capital city to protest the wave of killing that has claimed 38,000 lives since President Felipe Calderon launched his war on drug gangs in late 2006.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/08/us-mexico-march-idUSTRE74729020110508)

### Related:

1. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Cardenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacan, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-ca-rdenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
2. [An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-at-least-70-others-pyrote.md) _Context: Mexico City_
3. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
4. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexico-United States relations U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexicoaunited-states-relations-pu-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: Mexico City_
6. [Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will  keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. ](/news/2016/04/4/mexico-city-authorities-declare-a-pollution-alert-after-smog-rose-to-1-5-times-acceptable-limits-the-day-before-implementation-of-the-city-s.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a  temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be  in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-w.md) _Context: Mexico City_
10. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
