### [2012-08-16](/news/2012/08/16/index.md)

# After an outbreak of the mosquito-borne West Nile virus kills at least 17 people, the mayor of Dallas Mike Rawlings declares a state of emergency in the city. This paves the way for aerial spraying of synthetic pyrethroid insecticides from tonight on. Many residents express their concerns over safety and effectiveness; they suggest other preventive methods of mosquito control. Officials said the measures could cost as much as $1.2 million. 

Mayor of Dallas city announces emergency after mosquito-borne West Nile virus claims 17 lives.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/08/2012815224318379485.html)
2. [Dallas News](http://www.dallasnews.com/news/community-news/dallas/headlines/20120815-aerial-spraying-for-west-nile-to-start-at-10-tonight-in-dallas-park-cities.ece)
3. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-dallas-west-nile-spray-20120816,0,607038.story)

### Related:

1. [Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-ahead-for-the-economy-of-the-un.md) _Context: Dallas_
2. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: Dallas_
3. [A case of West Nile virus is detected in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/12/a-case-of-west-nile-virus-is-detected-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: West Nile virus_
4. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: Dallas_
5. [Eleven police officers are shot, with five dying of gunshot wounds in Dallas, Texas during a protest against two black men killed within a day of each other. Police kill the shooter with a bomb delivered on a bomb defusing robot. ](/news/2016/07/7/eleven-police-officers-are-shot-with-five-dying-of-gunshot-wounds-in-dallas-texas-during-a-protest-against-two-black-men-killed-within-a-d.md) _Context: Dallas_
6. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas,  after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-d.md) _Context: Dallas_
7. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Dallas_
8. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Dallas_
9. [Six people, including a child, have been found dead on private property in Anderson County, southeast of Dallas, Texas, USA. The victims are members of two different families. One person, unrelated to the victims, is charged with one count of murder. More charges are expected. ](/news/2015/11/16/six-people-including-a-child-have-been-found-dead-on-private-property-in-anderson-county-southeast-of-dallas-texas-usa-the-victims-are.md) _Context: Dallas_
10. [Three aircraft, a Southwest Airlines 737, a Virgin America A319, and a private plane, were all struck  by a laser coming from the same direction as they were about to land at Dallas's Love Field, according to the U.S. FAA. ](/news/2015/11/11/three-aircraft-a-southwest-airlines-737-a-virgin-america-a319-and-a-private-plane-were-all-struck-by-a-laser-coming-from-the-same-direc.md) _Context: Dallas_
