### [2016-11-27](/news/2016/11/27/index.md)

# Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Armed Forces have captured the entire Hanano district in eastern Aleppo and are working on removing mines and improvised explosive devices from the district, while the rebels blame lack of hospitals for collapsing defences. 

The Syrian army said it had taken control of an important district in rebel-held eastern Aleppo on Saturday after fierce fighting, with rebels blaming intense air strikes and lack of hospitals for their collapsing frontline.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/nearly-10-000-civilians-flee-east-aleppo-monitor-224230423.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUSKBN13L0KR)
3. [South Front](https://southfront.org/al-nusra-al-qaeda-defensese-collapse-syrian-army-ready-to-split-eastern-aleppo-pocket-into-two/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), military_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), military_
3. [Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Civil Defense claim that more than 45 people have died as a result of heavy artillery bombardment of eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/30/aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-civil-defense-claim-that-more-than-45-people-have-died-as-a-result-of-heavy-artillery-bombardment-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016)_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): At least ten people are killed and others were injured during air strikes on Aleppo's Bab al-Nairab neighborhood. ](/news/2016/11/29/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-at-least-ten-people-are-killed-and-others-were-injured-during-air-strikes-on-aleppo-s-ba.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016)_
5. [Syrian civil war:: Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. ](/news/2013/02/13/syrian-civil-war-rebels-clash-with-the-syrian-military-at-an-army-base-protecting-aleppo-s-international-airport-the-opposition-claims-th.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
6. [Syrian uprising:: Syrian armed forces continue to shell the city of Hama and at least 59 civilians are reported killed across Syria, in Idlib, Homs, Hama, Daraa, Lattakia, Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2012/03/22/syrian-uprising-syrian-armed-forces-continue-to-shell-the-city-of-hama-and-at-least-59-civilians-are-reported-killed-across-syria-in-idli.md) _Context: Aleppo, military_
7. [Crime in Minnesota: An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/crime-in-minnesota-an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo_
9. [Sinai insurgency: A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/sinai-insurgency-a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: military_
