### [2016-11-27](/news/2016/11/27/index.md)

# One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. 




### Source:

1. [The Times-Picayune](http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2016/11/1_dead_9_wounded_on_bourbon_st.html#incart_big-photo)

### Related:

1. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: New Orleans_
2. [ A man is killed and two wounded in a triple shooting in Algiers neighborhood of New Orleans ](/news/2016/12/11/a-man-is-killed-and-two-wounded-in-a-triple-shooting-in-algiers-neighborhood-of-new-orleans.md) _Context: New Orleans_
3. [A bus carrying volunteers crashes into emergency vehicles responding to an earlier accident near New Orleans killing two, including the St. John the Baptist Fire District Chief, and injuring  43 more. ](/news/2016/08/28/a-bus-carrying-volunteers-crashes-into-emergency-vehicles-responding-to-an-earlier-accident-near-new-orleans-killing-two-including-the-st.md) _Context: New Orleans_
4. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: mass shooting_
5. [The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, man who is alleged to have been planning a machine gun mass shooting at a  local Masonic Temple. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-u-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-a-milwaukee-wisconsin-man-who-is-alleged-to-have-been-planning-a-machine-gun-mass-shootin.md) _Context: mass shooting_
6. [The United States Supreme Court declines (''Friedman v. Highland Park'') to review the ability of cities and states to prohibit semiautomatic, high-capacity assault weapons that have been used in some of the nation's most deadly recent mass shootings. The nationwide assault weapons ban law expired in 2004. Since the ''District of Columbia v. Heller'' decision in 2008 found the Second Amendment provides the right for an individual to keep a weapon in the home, the court has avoided all cases that might clarify if that right is more expansive. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-declines-friedman-v-highland-park-to-review-the-ability-of-cities-and-states-to-prohibit-semiautomati.md) _Context: mass shooting_
7. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: New Orleans_
8. [Sixteen (16) people are wounded in a gunfight between two groups that erupted in a New Orleans park's Bunny Friend playground where hundreds of people gathered for a block party and filming of a music video. No fatalities were reported. The fighters ran from the park immediately after the shooting. ](/news/2015/11/22/sixteen-16-people-are-wounded-in-a-gunfight-between-two-groups-that-erupted-in-a-new-orleans-park-s-bunny-friend-playground-where-hundreds.md) _Context: New Orleans_
9. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO  documentary miniseries ''The Jinx''. ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: New Orleans_
10. [The Los Angeles Police Department issues a warrant for the arrest of American Robert Durst regarding the murder of writer and confidant Susan Berman following the airing of a six-part documentary by HBO called ''The Jinx''. He is later taken into custody in the city of New Orleans. ](/news/2015/03/14/the-los-angeles-police-department-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-american-robert-durst-regarding-the-murder-of-writer-and-confidant-susa.md) _Context: New Orleans_
