### [2016-11-27](/news/2016/11/27/index.md)

# The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. A second-round runoff takes place in France between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe to decide who will be the Republican presidential candidate in next year's presidential election. 

Francois Fillon looks set to win the French Republican primaries.


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2016/11/27/francois-fillon-gains-695-in-the-first-partial-votes-of-the-french-republican-primaries)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-idUSKBN13M001?feedType=RSS&feedName=newsOne)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/francois-fillon-leads-alain-juppe-in-french-presidential-primary-10675189)
4. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/27/francois-fillon-on-course-to-win-french-primary-to-be-candidate-for-the-right)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans hold a primary election to select a candidate for next year's election. Partial results indicate that a second round of voting will occur with Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe as the two candidates in the second round. ](/news/2016/11/20/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-hold-a-primary-election-to-select-a-candidate-for-next-year-s-election-partial-results.md) _Context: Alain Juppe, Francois Fillon, Republican, The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
2. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, Republican, last month's presidential election_
3. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is accused of plagiarising a speech by Francois Fillon. ](/news/2017/05/2/french-presidential-election-2017-far-right-candidate-marine-le-pen-is-accused-of-plagiarising-a-speech-by-franassois-fillon.md) _Context: Francois Fillon, last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Francois Fillon, last month's presidential election_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
9. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. Voting takes place in the first round of the French Socialist Party presidential primary to select a candidate to run in this year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/01/22/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-voting-takes-place-in-the-first-round-of-the-french-socialist-party-presidential-primary.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016, last month's presidential election_
