### [2016-11-27](/news/2016/11/27/index.md)

# The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. 

Republican President-elect Donald Trump says an impending recount of votes in Wisconsin is a &quot;scam&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38121264)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/27/donald-trumps-new-explanation-for-losing-the-popular-vote-a-twitter-born-conspiracy-theory/)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/17F31/production/_92679089_94095e4f-727a-4a35-ae6b-cbe46c7b3e6f.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
2. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
3. [The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-so-in-michigan.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania_
4. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
5. [Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-ends-a-recount-fo.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Michigan_
6. [Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in-the-commonwealth-court-of-pennsylvania-for-a-state.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Michigan_
8. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Jill Stein_
9. [Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michigan-wisconsin-and-ohio-stranding-hundr.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
10. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin_
