### [2012-05-30](/news/2012/05/30/index.md)

# At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18260689)

### Related:

1. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: BSkyB, BSkyB takeover bid, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
2. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: BSkyB, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
3. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: BSkyB, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
4. [British Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable launches a fierce attack on the tactics of his party's  Conservative coalition partners as "ruthless, calculating and very tribal" for the way they conducted themselves in the Alternative Vote referendum. ](/news/2011/05/7/british-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-launches-a-fierce-attack-on-the-tactics-of-his-party-s-conservative-coalition-partners.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
5. [The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the ''Daily Telegraph'' breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-british-press-complaints-commission-has-ruled-that-the-daily-telegraph-breached-rules-on-the-use-of-subterfuge-when-it-sent-reporter.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
6. [United Kingdom - Business Secretary Vince Cable orders Ofcom to investigate News Corporation's plan to take full control of BSkyB. ](/news/2010/11/4/united-kingdom-business-secretary-vince-cable-orders-ofcom-to-investigate-news-corporation-s-plan-to-take-full-control-of-bskyb.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation, Vince Cable_
7. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
8. [News Corporation scandal:Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/news-corporation-scandal-ptony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-ex.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
9. [British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt agrees to hand over private emails to the Leveson Inquiry relating to the BSkyB takeover as pressure mounts for a separate inquiry into his conduct. ](/news/2012/04/27/british-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-agrees-to-hand-over-private-emails-to-the-leveson-inquiry-relating-to-th.md) _Context: BSkyB, Leveson Inquiry_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
