### [2012-05-30](/news/2012/05/30/index.md)

# The Parliament of Papua New Guinea meets to choose a new Prime Minister after a ruling by the Supreme Court last week, with "de facto" Prime Minister Peter O'Neill again chosen. 

Papua New Guinea&#039;s parliament is preparing to elect a new Prime Minister this morning, just a month before the country&#039;s general election. It comes after a dramatic u-turn by Peter O&#039;Neill&#039;s government, which now accepts Sir Michael Somare as PNG&#039;s legitimate leader.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-05-30/papua-new-guinea-to-elect-new-pm-today/4041310)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/peter-oneill-made-pngs-leader-a-third-time/story-e6frg6so-1226375577828)

### Related:

1. [Police blockade the Parliament of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby the day after the government led by Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill lays sedition charges against the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea, Sir Salamo Injia. ](/news/2012/05/25/police-blockade-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-in-port-moresby-the-day-after-the-government-led-by-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-pe.md) _Context: Parliament of Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
3. [The Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Papua New Guinea declares that the Prime Minister's office is vacant following a ruling by the Supreme Court. ](/news/2012/05/29/the-deputy-speaker-of-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-declares-that-the-prime-minister-s-office-is-vacant-following-a-ruling-by-the-supre.md) _Context: Parliament of Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
4. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
5. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that the August 2011 election of Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister was unconstitutional and orders the reinstatement of former Prime Minister Michael Somare to office. ](/news/2011/12/12/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-the-august-2011-election-of-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-was-unconstitutional-and-orders.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
6. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
7. [Police open fire on University of Papua New Guinea students in Port Moresby protesting against the government of Prime Minister Peter O'Neill. Four people have been killed and seven injured. However, according to the police, nobody was killed while a university spokesperson claims police only fired tear gas. ](/news/2016/06/8/police-open-fire-on-university-of-papua-new-guinea-students-in-port-moresby-protesting-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-peter-o-neil.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
8. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
9. [The Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill states that the Manus Island Regional Processing Centre will be closed following the ruling of the Supreme Court and that he will ask the Australian Government to make alternative arrangements for the asylum seekers detained there. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-peter-o-neill-states-that-the-manus-island-regional-processing-centre-will-be-closed-following-the-ru.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill sacks the Treasurer Don Polye and the Minister for Industrial Relations Mark Maipakai. ](/news/2014/03/10/the-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-peter-o-neill-sacks-the-treasurer-don-polye-and-the-minister-for-industrial-relations-mark-maipakai.md) _Context: Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister_
