### [2017-03-3](/news/2017/03/3/index.md)

# A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. 

It&#039;s pumping out 210,000 cubic feet of gas per day, but a fix isn&#039;t expected until later this month at the earliest.


### Source:

1. [Peninsula Clarion](http://peninsulaclarion.com/news/2017-03-01/dec-hilcorp-must-sample-and-monitor-underwater-gas-leak)
2. [Popular Mechanics](http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/infrastructure/a25519/natural-gas-leak-cook-inlet-continues/)

### Related:

1. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: 2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak, Cook Inlet, natural gas_
2. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
3. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska link a gun that a suspect used in the attempted murder of a police officer, to five unsolved homicides in the city which occurred over the summer. The suspect was killed during the murder attempt. ](/news/2016/11/15/police-in-anchorage-alaska-link-a-gun-that-a-suspect-used-in-the-attempted-murder-of-a-police-officer-to-five-unsolved-homicides-in-the-ci.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
5. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
6. [In a standoff which has continued for two days, an exchange of gunfire with a barricaded suspect in Anchorage, Alaska, injures two police officers. The standoff is one of two occurring in the Alaskan city. ](/news/2016/09/22/in-a-standoff-which-has-continued-for-two-days-an-exchange-of-gunfire-with-a-barricaded-suspect-in-anchorage-alaska-injures-two-police-of.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
7. [U.S. carrier Alaska Airlines reschedules Flight 870 from Anchorage, Alaska, to Honolulu,  Hawaii, to depart at 2:00 p.m. local time  (23:00 UTC) so passengers can view 2016's only total solar eclipse for 1 minute and 59 seconds, 695 miles north of Honolulu  at 37,000 feet.  ](/news/2016/03/8/u-s-carrier-alaska-airlines-reschedules-flight-870-from-anchorage-alaska-to-honolulu-hawaii-to-depart-at-2-00-p-m-local-time-23-00.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
8. [Southern California Gas Company caps, at least temporarily, the natural gas leak that started last October and  has forced thousands to flee their homes. ](/news/2016/02/11/southern-california-gas-company-caps-at-least-temporarily-the-natural-gas-leak-that-started-last-october-and-has-forced-thousands-to-flee.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish-the-provincial-ca.md) _Context: natural gas_
