### [2017-03-3](/news/2017/03/3/index.md)

# Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-politics-39160617)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/4153/production/_94932761_nesbittresigns.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017_
2. [Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt calls for an end to street protests over Belfast City Council's decision to restrict the flying of the union flag after loyalists threw a petrol bomb into a police vehicle in which a female officer was sitting at the time. ](/news/2012/12/11/ulster-unionist-party-leader-mike-nesbitt-calls-for-an-end-to-street-protests-over-belfast-city-council-s-decision-to-restrict-the-flying-of.md) _Context: Mike Nesbitt, Ulster Unionist Party_
3. [Former broadcast journalist Mike Nesbitt is elected leader of Northern Ireland's Ulster Unionist Party. ](/news/2012/03/31/former-broadcast-journalist-mike-nesbitt-is-elected-leader-of-northern-ireland-s-ulster-unionist-party.md) _Context: Mike Nesbitt, Ulster Unionist Party_
4. [The Northern Ireland Assembly votes &mdash; 88 votes in favour to 17 Ulster Unionist Party against &mdash; in favour of the devolution of justice. ](/news/2010/03/9/the-northern-ireland-assembly-votes-mdash-88-votes-in-favour-to-17-ulster-unionist-party-against-mdash-in-favour-of-the-devolution-of-ju.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
5. [ Ulster Unionist Party defector Jeffrey Donaldson and two other MLAs join Rev. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party, pushing the DUP's numbers in the Northern Ireland Assembly to 33.](/news/2004/01/5/ulster-unionist-party-defector-jeffrey-donaldson-and-two-other-mlas-join-rev-ian-paisley-s-democratic-unionist-party-pushing-the-dup-s-nu.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
6. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
7. [ A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.](/news/2003/11/13/a-belfast-telegraph-opinion-poll-in-northern-ireland-in-the-run-up-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-elections-predicts-that-the-ulster-un.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
8. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017_
9. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017_
10. [Two British Labour Party peers are suspended by their party after allegations they offered to undertake Parliamentary work in exchange for payment. A third peer, from the Ulster Unionist Party resigns the whip following the allegations. ](/news/2013/06/2/two-british-labour-party-peers-are-suspended-by-their-party-after-allegations-they-offered-to-undertake-parliamentary-work-in-exchange-for-p.md) _Context: Ulster Unionist Party_
