### [2017-03-3](/news/2017/03/3/index.md)

# The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. 

The European Parliament has voted to end visa-free travel for Americans within the EU. It comes after the US failed to agree visa-free travel for citizens of five EU countries – Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania – as part of a reciprocity agreement. US citizens can normally travel to all countries in the bloc without a visa.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/europe-visa-free-travel-americans-european-parliament-vote-a7609406.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2017/03/03/12/rtr486rw.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The European Parliament votes to allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the European Union in 2007. ](/news/2005/04/13/the-european-parliament-votes-to-allow-bulgaria-and-romania-to-join-the-european-union-in-2007.md) _Context: Bulgaria, EU, European Parliament, Romania_
2. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, Polish, United States_
3. [In Croatia, people go to the polls to elect the first ever European MPs of the country, anticipating the formal entry of Croatia in the European Union, in July. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-croatia-people-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-first-ever-european-mps-of-the-country-anticipating-the-formal-entry-of-croatia-in-the-euro.md) _Context: Croatia, EU, European Parliament_
4. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, European Parliament_
5. [ Central European stocks drop to a three-week low on expectations of slowing economic growth. Poland forecasts economic growth to drop to 2.3% in 2009 from 5.4% in 2008 and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's WIG 20 index falls 3.5% in two hours. Bulgaria's Sofia Stock Exchange is at a five-year low. Both Bulgaria and Romania may need International Monetary Fund loans to repay US$100 billion of external debt. ](/news/2008/11/18/central-european-stocks-drop-to-a-three-week-low-on-expectations-of-slowing-economic-growth-poland-forecasts-economic-growth-to-drop-to-2.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Polish, Romania_
6. [ Leaders of the European Union reach agreement on the Lisbon Treaty following last-minute concessions to Poland, Italy and Bulgaria. ](/news/2007/10/19/leaders-of-the-european-union-reach-agreement-on-the-lisbon-treaty-following-last-minute-concessions-to-poland-italy-and-bulgaria.md) _Context: Bulgaria, EU, Polish_
7. [ Romania and Bulgaria join the European Union. ](/news/2007/01/1/romania-and-bulgaria-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Bulgaria, EU, Romania_
8. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania_
9. [ The European Commission confirms that Bulgaria and Romania are set to join the European Union on 1 January 2007, in what may be the last EU expansion before a European constitution is established. ](/news/2006/09/26/the-european-commission-confirms-that-bulgaria-and-romania-are-set-to-join-the-european-union-on-1-january-2007-in-what-may-be-the-last-eu.md) _Context: Bulgaria, EU, Romania_
10. [ Bulgaria and Romania sign accession treaty to the European Union, continuing the enlargement process. ](/news/2005/04/25/bulgaria-and-romania-sign-accession-treaty-to-the-european-union-continuing-the-enlargement-process.md) _Context: Bulgaria, EU, Romania_
