### [2007-03-17](/news/2007/03/17/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard makes a commitment to keep Australian troops in Iraq until Iraq is able to control its own security. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6462831.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Iraq, John Howard_
2. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
3. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
4. [ Australian telecommunication company Telstra's share price tumbles to a two year low of $4.32AU as Prime Minister John Howard condemns their new management team as disgraceful and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission launches a criminal probe of Telstra's leaked and negative statements. ](/news/2005/09/6/australian-telecommunication-company-telstra-s-share-price-tumbles-to-a-two-year-low-of-4-32au-as-prime-minister-john-howard-condemns-thei.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
5. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
6. [Australia raises its terror threat level to high following concerns about militants returning from conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/09/12/australia-raises-its-terror-threat-level-to-high-following-concerns-about-militants-returning-from-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-and-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-the-australian-capital.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Australia declares its war in Afghanistan over while the Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, visits Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/10/28/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-paustralia-declares-its-war-in-afghanistan-over-while-the-prime-minister-tony-abbott-visits-afghanista.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
9. [Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, on a trip to Shanghai, China, announces that the Australian dollar is set to trade directly with the Chinese yuan, becoming the third currency to do so. ](/news/2013/04/8/australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-on-a-trip-to-shanghai-china-announces-that-the-australian-dollar-is-set-to-trade-directly-with-th.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
10. [Australia opens a national probe into child sex abuse, with Prime Minister Julia Gillard warning of "uncomfortable truths" as institutions including schools and churches come under scrutiny. ](/news/2013/04/3/australia-opens-a-national-probe-into-child-sex-abuse-with-prime-minister-julia-gillard-warning-of-uncomfortable-truths-as-institutions-i.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister_
