### [2009-04-12](/news/2009/04/12/index.md)

#  Pope Benedict XVI says that only reconciliation can resolve the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian people. 

Pope Benedict XVI said Sunday that the entire world needed to rediscover hope to end wars, poverty and financial turmoil. 


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/30170220/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/ap/02b28bc3-5d30-4343-8f6d-e3a03e631790.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jerusalem-over-entry-restrictions-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [ Pope Benedict XVI begins his tour of Jordan, Israel, and the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2009/05/8/pope-benedict-xvi-begins-his-tour-of-jordan-israel-and-the-palestinian-territories.md) _Context: Israel, Pope, Pope Benedict XVI_
5. [ Pope Benedict XVI advocates the creation of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/13/pope-benedict-xvi-advocates-the-creation-of-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Palestinian, Pope, Pope Benedict XVI_
6. [ An unmanned Palestinian fishing vessel explodes near an Israeli Navy patrol in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/04/13/an-unmanned-palestinian-fishing-vessel-explodes-near-an-israeli-navy-patrol-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [ Israel has summoned the ambassador from the Vatican to explain why the Pope did not condemn Palestinian militant attacks on Israelis, in a statement on Sunday, July 24, Pope Benedict XVI said that he deplored attacks in "countries including Egypt, Turkey, Iraq and Britain". ](/news/2005/07/25/israel-has-summoned-the-ambassador-from-the-vatican-to-explain-why-the-pope-did-not-condemn-palestinian-militant-attacks-on-israelis-in-a.md) _Context: Israel, Pope, Pope Benedict XVI_
8. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
