### [2015-03-29](/news/2015/03/29/index.md)

# 2015 military intervention in Yemen. Pakistan sends a Boeing 747 to evacuate Pakistani nationals concerned about their security. The plane will be allowed into the country despite the no-fly zone declared by Saudi Arabia. 

Pakistan, which has yet to decide whether to offer military support to a Saudi-led campaign in Yemen, is flying jumbo jets to the Middle Eastern country to evacuate hundreds of nationals, a Defence Ministry official said on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/29/us-yemen-security-pakistan-idUSKBN0MP03J20150329)

### Related:

1. [2015 military intervention in Yemen. A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". ](/news/2015/03/27/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-a-middle-eastern-coalition-led-by-the-saudi-arabian-army-and-egyptian-navy-attacks-positions-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, attacks, no-fly zone_
2. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Islamic Military Alliance. Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country-s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia-s military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/islamic-military-alliance-pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Russia convenes a UNSC session to discuss Saudi Arabian attacks in Yemen after Royal Saudi Air Force bombed a refugee camp, killing dozens. ](/news/2015/04/4/russia-convenes-a-unsc-session-to-discuss-saudi-arabian-attacks-in-yemen-after-royal-saudi-air-force-bombed-a-refugee-camp-killing-dozens.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, attacks_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Heavy Saudi Arabian air strikes hit southern Yemen resulting in at least 20 deaths of Houthis soldiers and two members of rival militias. Saudi Arabia claims to have killed 500 rebels since the start of military operations in March. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/us-yemen-security-airstrikes-idUSKBN0N207I20150411 (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/11/middleeast/yemen-crisis-saudi-arabia/ (CNN)]. India evacuates 5600 people including 960 foreign nationals from Yemen under "Operation Raahat". Several flights were allowed to take off and land in Yemen despite the no-fly zone declared on the country. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/11/world/asia/india-concludes-evacuation-of-its-citizens-from-yemen.html?nytmobile=0 "(NYT)"]](/news/2015/04/11/yemeni-civil-war-2015-heavy-saudi-arabian-air-strikes-hit-southern-yemen-resulting-in-at-least-20-deaths-of-houthis-soldiers-and-two-memb.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, no-fly zone_
7. [2015 military intervention in Yemen. Saudi airstrikes continue in Yemen for the third successive day while ground fighting occurs in Aden. Saudi Arabia claims to be in full control of Yemen's airspace. ](/news/2015/03/28/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-saudi-airstrikes-continue-in-yemen-for-the-third-successive-day-while-ground-fighting-occurs-in-aden-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, attacks_
8. [Aftermath of the 2014-15 Yemeni coup d'etat. 2015 military intervention in Yemen. The Saudi Arabian Air Force launches airstrikes on Sana'a International Airport and Yemen's al Dulaimi military airport resulting in at least 17 deaths. ](/news/2015/03/26/aftermath-of-the-2014-15-yemeni-coup-d-a-c-tat-2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-arabian-air-force-launches-airstrikes-on-sana.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, attacks_
9. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Gunmen fire on a Saudi Arabian consulate car in Karachi, Pakistan, killing the driver. ](/news/2011/05/16/gunmen-fire-on-a-saudi-arabian-consulate-car-in-karachi-pakistan-killing-the-driver.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
