### [2015-03-29](/news/2015/03/29/index.md)

# Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32104760)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/81995000/jpg/_81995606_81995605.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy's Union for a Popular Movement party loses the 2008 municipal elections. ](/news/2008/03/17/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-union-for-a-popular-movement-party-loses-the-2008-municipal-elections.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, UMP_
2. [ French voters go to the polls in the second round of the 2008 municipal elections, with President Nicolas Sarkozy's party Union for a Popular Movement likely to lose. ](/news/2008/03/16/french-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-second-round-of-the-2008-municipal-elections-with-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-union-for-a-popul.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, UMP_
3. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-polls-show-the-conservative-ump-in-first.md) _Context: President of France, UMP, local government elections_
8. [The Union for a Popular Movement reelects former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, as the party leader. ](/news/2014/11/29/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-reelects-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-as-the-party-leader.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, UMP_
9. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
