### [2006-07-15](/news/2006/07/15/index.md)

#  US President George W. Bush claims that the United States and Russia had almost reached agreement on Russia joining the World Trade Organisation. Bush met with Vladimir Putin prior to the G8 meeting in Strelna. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601085&sid=aupCWljlDqeA)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Group of Eight, Russia, United States_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weapons-grade-plutonium-plutonium-managemen.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
4. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of sponsoring the opposition in the country, following protests over the outcome of the recent elections. ](/news/2011/12/8/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-sponsoring-the-opposition-in-the-country-following-protests-over-the-out.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
6. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin criticizes the United States for its "almost uncontained" use of force around the world during his speech at the 43rd annual Munich Conference on Security Policy. ](/news/2007/02/10/russian-president-vladimir-putin-criticizes-the-united-states-for-its-almost-uncontained-use-of-force-around-the-world-during-his-speech.md) _Context: Russia, United States, Vladimir Putin_
8. [ More than 50 heads of state, including Vladimir Putin, George W. Bush and German chancellor Gerhard Schrder, are among the guests attending the official celebrations commemorating the end of World War II in Moscow, Russia. It is the first time a German chancellor has attended a world-wide commemoration for the victims of the Third Reich. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/9/more-than-50-heads-of-state-including-vladimir-putin-george-w-bush-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schroder-are-among-the-guests-attendin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
