### [2009-05-27](/news/2009/05/27/index.md)

#  North Korea launches its fifth missile since testing a nuclear weapon on May 25. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/North-Korea-Has-Launched-Another-Missile-Since-Testing-A-Nuclear-Weapon-In-Pyangyong/Article/200905415289598?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15289598_North_Korea_Has_Launched_Another_Missile_Since_Testing_A_Nuclear_Weapon_In_Pyangyong)

### Related:

1. [North Korea may be preparing for an imminent thermonuclear weapon test at its Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, located in the country's North Hamgyong Province where previous tests took place in 2006, 2009 and 2013, according to a South Korean military report. ](/news/2016/01/3/north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-an-imminent-thermonuclear-weapon-test-at-its-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-located-in-the-country-s-north-h.md) _Context: 2009, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ North Korea tests two more missiles. ](/news/2009/05/26/north-korea-tests-two-more-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, rocket attacks_
3. [ North Korea claims to have "weaponized" 30.8 kilograms of plutonium, enough for four to five nuclear warheads. ](/news/2009/01/17/north-korea-claims-to-have-weaponized-30-8-kilograms-of-plutonium-enough-for-four-to-five-nuclear-warheads.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, nuclear warheads_
4. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wonsan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
