### [2007-03-12](/news/2007/03/12/index.md)

#  Nigel Griffiths resigns as the Deputy Leader of the British House of Commons  over the proposed expansion of the Trident missile system. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/6441627.stm)
2. [The Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/politics.cfm?id=391482007)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Commons speaker John Bercow breaks with tradition by abandoning the traditional court dress worn by his predecessor Michael Martin. ](/news/2009/06/23/united-kingdom-commons-speaker-john-bercow-breaks-with-tradition-by-abandoning-the-traditional-court-dress-worn-by-his-predecessor-michael.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
2. [ Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. ](/news/2008/05/19/edward-leigh-s-attempt-to-outlaw-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-in-the-united-kingdom-is-defeated-by-336-votes-to-176-in-the-b.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
3. [ The British MP George Galloway is thrown out of the House of Commons chamber and then suspended for 18 days after an inquiry into his Mariam Appeal campaign. ](/news/2007/07/23/the-british-mp-george-galloway-is-thrown-out-of-the-house-of-commons-chamber-and-then-suspended-for-18-days-after-an-inquiry-into-his-maria.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
4. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Leader of the House of Commons, United Kingdom_
5. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
6. [ Reform of the House of Lords: In a British House of Commons vote, a majority of MPs express support for a fully elected House of Lords. A smaller majority support an 80% elected, 20% appointed chamber. Other options with a lower elected component are rejected. The proposals were put forward by Leader of the House of Commons Jack Straw, who describes the votes as "a historic step forward". ](/news/2007/03/7/reform-of-the-house-of-lords-in-a-british-house-of-commons-vote-a-majority-of-mps-express-support-for-a-fully-elected-house-of-lords-a-s.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Leader of the House of Commons_
7. [ The United Kingdom Government wins the support of the House of Commons to update the Trident nuclear missile system. There was a significant revolt within the Labour Party, with two PPSs, Stephen Pound and Chris Ruane, resigning. ](/news/2007/03/14/the-united-kingdom-government-wins-the-support-of-the-house-of-commons-to-update-the-trident-nuclear-missile-system-there-was-a-significan.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Trident nuclear missile system_
8. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
9. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
10. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
