### [2007-03-12](/news/2007/03/12/index.md)

#  The BBC's correspondent in the Gaza Strip, Alan Johnston, who is the only Gaza-based foreign reporter from a major media organisation, is kidnapped. All the main Palestinian militant groups have called for his release. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6442663.stm)

### Related:

1. [ European Union High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy Javier Solana says that the EU is doing all it can to find Alan Johnston, the BBC Gaza correspondent who has been missing for 8 days. ](/news/2007/03/20/european-union-high-representative-for-the-common-foreign-and-security-policy-javier-solana-says-that-the-eu-is-doing-all-it-can-to-find-al.md) _Context: Alan Johnston, BBC, Gaza Strip_
2. [ The BBC issues a plea for information on the whereabouts of its Gaza correspondent, Alan Johnston, who has been missing for three days and is believed by Palestinian security officials to have been kidnapped. ](/news/2007/03/15/the-bbc-issues-a-plea-for-information-on-the-whereabouts-of-its-gaza-correspondent-alan-johnston-who-has-been-missing-for-three-days-and.md) _Context: Alan Johnston, BBC, Gaza Strip_
3. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A BBC investigation determines that photographs circulating on social media sites allegedly covering the airstrikes on Gaza include photographs taken from conflicts in Iraq and Syria and are up to five years old. ](/news/2014/07/10/gaza-israel-conflict-a-bbc-investigation-determines-that-photographs-circulating-on-social-media-sites-allegedly-covering-the-airstrikes.md) _Context: BBC, Gaza Strip_
4. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
5. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
6. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
7. [Palestinian militants fire two Grad-model Katyusha rockets at Beersheba, Israel; the Israeli Air Force responds with attacks on targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/24/palestinian-militants-fire-two-grad-model-katyusha-rockets-at-beersheba-israel-the-israeli-air-force-responds-with-attacks-on-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli tanks enter the northern Gaza Strip; some fighting occurs killing one Palestinian and injuring two others in response to Palestinian militants who had detonated an explosive device targeting an army patrol along the border ](/news/2011/01/18/israeli-tanks-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-some-fighting-occurs-killing-one-palestinian-and-injuring-two-others-in-response-to-palestinian.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
9. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: BBC, Gaza Strip_
10. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
