### [2007-03-12](/news/2007/03/12/index.md)

#  While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". 




### Source:

1. [Press Release](http://www.secular.org/news/pete_stark_070312.html)
2. [AP via Guardian.co.uk](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-6477632,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Rep Lynn Woolsey, a California Democrat, announces her retirement from the United States House of Representatives at the end of the 112th United States Congress. ](/news/2011/06/27/rep-lynn-woolsey-a-california-democrat-announces-her-retirement-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-at-the-end-of-the-112th-un.md) _Context: California, Democratic, U.S. House_
2. [The United States House of Representatives ethics committee charges California Democrat Maxine Waters with breaking ethics rules. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-charges-california-democrat-maxine-waters-with-breaking-ethics-rules.md) _Context: California, Democratic, U.S. House_
3. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. Congress, U.S. House_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives reject a Republican resolution offered by Duncan Hunter (R-California) "expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the deployment of United States forces in Iraq be terminated immediately" by a vote of 403-3. Ohio Republican Jean Schmidt is forced by Democratic (and quiet Republican) protests to apologise to Pennsylvania Democrat John Murtha for quoting a Marine who said those wishing to "cut and run" from Iraq are called "cowards" The Marine she claimed to be quoting told he never said any such thing. ](/news/2005/11/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-reject-a-republican-resolution-offered-by-duncan-hunter-r-california-expressing-the-sense-of.md) _Context: California, Democratic, U.S. House_
5. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. House_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congress, U.S. House_
7. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: California, Democratic_
8. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. House_
9. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. House_
10. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. Congress_
