### [2005-07-17](/news/2005/07/17/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian man is shot dead near the Israeli settlement of Netzarim in the Gaza Strip. Israel Defence Force sources claim he was armed. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200507/s1416185.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4690203.stm)
3. [Euronews](http://euronews.net/create_html.php?page=detail_info&article=299691&lng=1)
4. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/600927.html)
5. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L17675741.htm)

### Related:

1. [Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the  Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. ](/news/2016/03/2/two-palestinian-teenagers-from-the-nearby-village-of-qaryout-got-into-a-jewish-settlement-and-stabbed-an-israeli-settler-at-his-home-in-th.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Two Palestinians are shot by Jewish settlers when conflict erupts in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/02/23/israeliapalestinian-conflict-ptwo-palestinians-are-shot-by-jewish-settlers-when-conflict-erupts-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Seven Palestinians are killed when an Israeli tank opens fire on farmland in the northern Gaza Strip. Palestinian presidential candidate and Fatah leader Mahmoud Abbas responds to the deaths with a strong verbal attack on the "Zionist enemy" Israel. Six of the dead were from the same family, including an 11-year-old boy. All the dead were civilians younger than 18. ](/news/2005/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-seven-palestinians-are-killed-when-an-israeli-tank-opens-fire-on-farmland-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-pales.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2016/07/11/israeli-forces-level-land-east-of-khan-yunis-in-the-southern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
10. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while  traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The  IDF says  an official investigation has been opened.  Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
