### [2017-08-26](/news/2017/08/26/index.md)

# A U.S. Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashed off the coast of Yemen on Friday during a training mission and a search is currently under way for one U.S. service member. U.S. Central Command said in a statement that five other service members aboard the aircraft had been rescued after the crash, which took place about 20 miles (32 km) off the southern coast of Yemen. 

A U.S. Black Hawk helicopter crashed off the coast of Yemen on Friday during a training mission and a search was under way for one U.S. service member, the U.S. military said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-yemen-crash-idUSKCN1B6054?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Yemen_
2. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk_
3. [Migrant crisis: At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Yemen_
4. [Migrant crisis: The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/migrant-crisis-the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have.md) _Context: Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Yemen_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [2016-17 Yemen cholera outbreak: The number of the cholera outbreak cases in Yemen passes 200,000, with over 1,300 deaths so far. There are an estimated 5,000 new cases every day. ](/news/2017/06/24/2016-17-yemen-cholera-outbreak-the-number-of-the-cholera-outbreak-cases-in-yemen-passes-200-000-with-over-1-300-deaths-so-far-there-are.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War: According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, a cholera outbreak has since April 27 killed at least 115 people and left another 8,500 ill across Yemen. ](/news/2017/05/14/yemeni-civil-war-according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-a-cholera-outbreak-has-since-april-27-killed-at-least-115-peopl.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [Twelve Saudi Arabian military officers die after their Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk crashes in Yemen's Ma'rib Governorate. ](/news/2017/04/18/twelve-saudi-arabian-military-officers-die-after-their-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-crashes-in-yemen-s-ma-rib-governorate.md) _Context: Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk_
