### [2017-08-26](/news/2017/08/26/index.md)

# The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. 

North Korea fired several short-range missiles into the sea off its east coast early on Saturday, South Korea and the U.S. military said, as the two allies conducted annual joint military drills that the North denounces as preparation for war.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-idUSKCN1B52Q2?il=0)
2. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-usa-military-idUSKCN1B52SI)
2. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170825&t=2&i=1198606834&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED7O1RO)

### Related:

1. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-from-the-south-pyong.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. military, the sea_
2. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
3. [China limits petroleum exports and bans imports of textiles from North Korea as part of new sanctions following the latest nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/23/china-limits-petroleum-exports-and-bans-imports-of-textiles-from-north-korea-as-part-of-new-sanctions-following-the-latest-nuclear-test.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
4. [A North Korean missile flies over Hokkaido, Japan, triggering the J-Alert system, following a similar event on 29 August. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-north-korean-missile-flies-over-hokkaido-japan-triggering-the-j-alert-system-following-a-similar-event-on-29-august.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
5. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
6. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
7. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
8. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
9. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
10. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, the sea_
