### [2012-05-29](/news/2012/05/29/index.md)

# The Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Papua New Guinea declares that the Prime Minister's office is vacant following a ruling by the Supreme Court. 

PNG politicians will hold a special sitting of parliament tomorrow to elect a new leader after the shock announcement that the PM&#039;s office is vacant.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-05-29/png-leader27s-office-declared-vacant/4039798)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Papua New Guinea meets to choose a new Prime Minister after a ruling by the Supreme Court last week, with "de facto" Prime Minister Peter O'Neill again chosen. ](/news/2012/05/30/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-meets-to-choose-a-new-prime-minister-after-a-ruling-by-the-supreme-court-last-week-with-de-facto-prime.md) _Context: Parliament of Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
2. [Police blockade the Parliament of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby the day after the government led by Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Peter O'Neill lays sedition charges against the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea, Sir Salamo Injia. ](/news/2012/05/25/police-blockade-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-in-port-moresby-the-day-after-the-government-led-by-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-pe.md) _Context: Parliament of Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
3. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
4. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
5. [The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea rules that the August 2011 election of Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister was unconstitutional and orders the reinstatement of former Prime Minister Michael Somare to office. ](/news/2011/12/12/the-supreme-court-of-papua-new-guinea-rules-that-the-august-2011-election-of-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-was-unconstitutional-and-orders.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
6. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
8. [Police open fire on University of Papua New Guinea students in Port Moresby protesting against the government of Prime Minister Peter O'Neill. Four people have been killed and seven injured. However, according to the police, nobody was killed while a university spokesperson claims police only fired tear gas. ](/news/2016/06/8/police-open-fire-on-university-of-papua-new-guinea-students-in-port-moresby-protesting-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-peter-o-neil.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea_
