### [2015-06-14](/news/2015/06/14/index.md)

# 2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. A South Korean man is hospitalised in the Slovak capital Bratislava with symptoms of MERS as the death toll in South Korea rises to 15. 

Seven new cases of MERS brings total number of infections to 145 as 15th South Korean patient dies of the disease.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/06/mers-cases-south-korea-outbreak-150614012824661.html)
2. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/world/europe/2015/06/14/suspected-mers-case-in-slovakia.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 32, with the number of cases stabilizing at 182. ](/news/2015/06/28/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-from-mers-in-south-korea-rises-to-32-with-the-number-of.md) _Context: MERS, South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
2. [Poland-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). -By all evidence, Russia-s activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries,- Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said -it is not an existential threat for Europe-. ](/news/2016/04/15/poland-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-th.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
3. [A mid-air collision between two aircraft near Bratislava, Slovakia leaves at least seven people killed. ](/news/2015/08/20/a-mid-air-collision-between-two-aircraft-near-bratislava-slovakia-leaves-at-least-seven-people-killed.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
4. [Two South Korean airlines, Korean Air and Asiana Airlines, will resume flights to Japan after suspending flights during the recent MERS outbreak. ](/news/2015/07/15/two-south-korean-airlines-korean-air-and-asiana-airlines-will-resume-flights-to-japan-after-suspending-flights-during-the-recent-mers-outb.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
5. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of MERS casualties in South Korea rises to 29 with the number of cases rising to 180. ](/news/2015/06/25/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-mers-casualties-in-south-korea-rises-to-29-with-the-number-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
6. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 27 with three new cases reported. The government is taking unprecedented precautions in terms of public sanitation and quarantine.](/news/2015/06/22/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-from-mers-in-south-korea-rises-to-27-with-three-new-case.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
7. [In Slovakia, thousands of demonstrators rally against European Union plans to host asylum-seekers, and dozens are detained after they attacked spectators of a cycle race in the capital, Bratislava. ](/news/2015/06/20/in-slovakia-thousands-of-demonstrators-rally-against-european-union-plans-to-host-asylum-seekers-and-dozens-are-detained-after-they-attack.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
8. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. South Korea reports three more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome bringing the death toll to 19 with 154 people diagnosed with the disease. ](/news/2015/06/16/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-south-korea-reports-three-more-deaths-from-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-b.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
9. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths resulting from the MERS outbreak in South Korea rises to sixteen with the number of total cases rising to 150. ](/news/2015/06/15/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-resulting-from-the-mers-outbreak-in-south-korea-rises-to.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
10. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The death toll from the South Korean MERS outbreak rises to 11 with 126 people now diagnosed with the disease but the number of people in quarantine falls slightly to 3,680. Two hospitals have closed as a result of the outbreak and the Bank of Korea has lowered interest rates due to concerns about effects of the outbreak on the economy. ](/news/2015/06/12/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-death-toll-from-the-south-korean-mers-outbreak-rises-to-11-with-126-peopl.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
