### [2015-06-14](/news/2015/06/14/index.md)

# A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. 

 North Korea has been planting anti-personnel mines alongside the inter-Korean border for the past couple of months to prevent North Korean soldiers from fleeing to South Korea, a South Korean official said Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2015/06/14/0200000000AEN20150614000700315.html?input=www.tweeter.com)

### Related:

1. [North Korean defectors: A North Korean soldier crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and defects to South Korea, the first since September 2016. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korean-defectors-a-north-korean-soldier-crosses-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-and-defects-to-south-korea-the-first-since-septe.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: Korean Demilitarized Zone: North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-korea-south-korea-relations-korean-demilitarized-zone-north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [A United States military Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter crashes near South Korea's border with North Korea, with no reported casualties. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-united-states-military-sikorsky-ch-53-sea-stallion-helicopter-crashes-near-south-korea-s-border-with-north-korea-with-no-reported-casualt.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-k.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea ends all peace pacts with South Korea and closes the main Panmunjom border crossing inside the Korean Demilitarized Zone. North Korean generals affirm they are aiming their long range missiles at the U.S. mainland in retaliation for the recently approved U.N. sanctions. ](/news/2013/03/8/north-korea-ends-all-peace-pacts-with-south-korea-and-closes-the-main-panmunjom-border-crossing-inside-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-north.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [Three North Korean soldiers have defected to South Korea through the militarised border since August. ](/news/2012/10/9/three-north-korean-soldiers-have-defected-to-south-korea-through-the-militarised-border-since-august.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [South Korea proceeds with live-fire drills near the disputed Korean sea border despite threats from North Korea of "merciless" strikes in retaliation. ](/news/2012/02/20/south-korea-proceeds-with-live-fire-drills-near-the-disputed-korean-sea-border-despite-threats-from-north-korea-of-merciless-strikes-in-re.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea warns of "unexpected consequences" if South Korea lights a Christmas tree near their mutual border. ](/news/2011/12/11/north-korea-warns-of-unexpected-consequences-if-south-korea-lights-a-christmas-tree-near-their-mutual-border.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
