### [2015-06-14](/news/2015/06/14/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Thousands of Syrians flee into Turkey as Kurdish fighters come closer to capturing the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/7f62663318e94589bf6097825914a088/kurds-nearing-key-islamic-state-held-syrian-border-town)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Hundreds of Syrian refugees return from Turkey to the border town of Tell Abyad after the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant are expelled by Kurdish People's Protection Units. ](/news/2015/06/22/syrian-civil-war-hundreds-of-syrian-refugees-return-from-turkey-to-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-after-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-le.md) _Context: ISIL, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Some 13,000 refugees have crossed into Turkey as Syrian Kurd People's Protection Units encircle the ISIL-held town of Suluk. ](/news/2015/06/13/syrian-civil-war-some-13-000-refugees-have-crossed-into-turkey-as-syrian-kurd-people-s-protection-units-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-sulu.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Turkey_
