### [2015-06-14](/news/2015/06/14/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. 

JOHANNESBURG (AFP) - The International Criminal Court (ICC) has called for South Africa to arrest Sudan&#039;s President Omar al-Bashir, who is reported to have arrived in Johannesburg for a summit of the African Union that starts on Sunday.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Straits-Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/world/more-world-stories/story/international-criminal-court-calls-south-africa-arrest-sudans-pr)
2. [News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/Court-grants-interim-order-preventing-Al-Bashir-from-leaving-SA-20150614)
3. [News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/SouthAfrica/News/Al-Bashir-arrest-application-postponed-to-Monday-20150614)

### Related:

1. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, South Africa_
2. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, South Africa_
3. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, South Africa_
4. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
5. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
6. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
7. [The International Criminal Court charges Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with three counts of genocide for his role in the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-international-criminal-court-charges-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-three-counts-of-genocide-for-his-role-in-the-darfur-conflict.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
8. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
9. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
10. [South Africa's North Gauteng High Court rules the government's decision last October to withdraw from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court was unconstitutional, and instructs the government to revoke its notice of withdrawal. ](/news/2017/02/22/south-africa-s-north-gauteng-high-court-rules-the-government-s-decision-last-october-to-withdraw-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
