### [2015-06-14](/news/2015/06/14/index.md)

# Thousands of people march in Hong Kong to demand the Legislative Council reject a China backed proposal for the naming of candidates for Chief Executive be done by a nominating committee. 

Two of Hong Kong’s top lawmakers said a China-backed plan for the city’s first direct election for chief executive would fail to pass amid growing public opposition to the bill.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-14/hundreds-gather-for-march-in-hong-kong-against-china-backed-poll)

### Related:

1. [ The State Council of the People's Republic of China approves the resignation of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Tung Chee-Hwa, who then becomes a vice-chairman of the Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body. ](/news/2005/03/12/the-state-council-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-approves-the-resignation-of-hong-kong-s-chief-executive-tung-chee-hwa-who-then-becomes.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
2. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
3. [Former Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang is sentenced to 20 months in prison for corruption, becoming the highest officeholder in Hong Kong's history to be convicted. ](/news/2017/02/22/former-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-donald-tsang-is-sentenced-to-20-months-in-prison-for-corruption-becoming-the-highest-officeholder-in-ho.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
4. [Former Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang, who is on trial for corruption, pleads not guilty to three charges of bribery and misconduct relating to a penthouse he leased in Shenzhen. ](/news/2017/01/3/former-hong-kong-chief-executive-donald-tsang-who-is-on-trial-for-corruption-pleads-not-guilty-to-three-charges-of-bribery-and-misconduct.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
5. [Two Hong Kong Youngspiration party Legislative Council election victors  lose their appeal to take their seats in parliament by a High Court three-judge panel. Tomorrow, the High Court will hear the independence supporters' petition for a hearing by the Court of Final Appeal. ](/news/2016/11/30/two-hong-kong-youngspiration-party-legislative-council-election-victors-lose-their-appeal-to-take-their-seats-in-parliament-by-a-high-court.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
6. [Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls for a Legislative Council election, the first major election since the 2014 pro-democracy street protests. Several young pro-independence candidates win seats in the election. ](/news/2016/09/4/voters-in-hong-kong-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-council-election-the-first-major-election-since-the-2014-pro-democracy-street-protest.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
7. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of-five-booksellers-in-late-2015-and.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
8. [At least 25 people are dead in Hong Kong and southern China after Typhoon Usagi passes through with the storm having killed eight people in the Philippines. ](/news/2013/09/23/at-least-25-people-are-dead-in-hong-kong-and-southern-china-after-typhoon-usagi-passes-through-with-the-storm-having-killed-eight-people-in.md) _Context: Hong Kong, People's Republic of China_
9. [Elections for the 70-member Legislative Council are held in Hong Kong. Forty seats are elected by direct popular vote, the remainder are attributed by the "functional constituencies": business and special interest groups. China has promised a fully popular vote by the year 2020; the roadmap is still being laid out. ](/news/2012/09/9/elections-for-the-70-member-legislative-council-are-held-in-hong-kong-forty-seats-are-elected-by-direct-popular-vote-the-remainder-are-att.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Legislative Council_
10. [Hong Kong legislative election, 2012:Voice of America says official results for the 35 "geographical" seats in Hong Kong's legislative elections show 18 seats for the "pan-democracy" camp, 16 seats for the "pro-Beijing" camp and one seat for an independent candidate. The "super" seats show a 3 to 2 win for the pan-democrats. Voter turnout was 53 %, up from 45 % at the previous election in 2008. Reuters says support is "steady" for pro-Beijing chief executive Leung Chun-ying. ''The New York Times'' says that, despite winning more votes, the pro-democracy camp has fewer seats than expected. ](/news/2012/09/10/hong-kong-legislative-election-2012-pvoice-of-america-says-official-results-for-the-35-geographical-seats-in-hong-kong-s-legislative-elec.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
