### [2016-06-12](/news/2016/06/12/index.md)

# In the Third Battle of Fallujah, ISIL militants attack a military barracks east of Fallujah, killing more than 50 government soldiers and militia members. At least 12 militants were also killed in the assault. 

Government forces and allied Shia militias targeted east of Iraqi city, leaving at least 50 dead.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/isil-attack-army-barracks-falluja-160612084901161.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014apresent-the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-government-compound-in-fallujah.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Third Battle of Fallujah_
2. [According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-while-fighting-iraqi-army-forces-with.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [The head of the counter terrorism forces which partook in the offensive says that the city of Fallujah has been "fully liberated". ](/news/2016/06/26/the-head-of-the-counter-terrorism-forces-which-partook-in-the-offensive-says-that-the-city-of-fallujah-has-been-fully-liberated.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [  The Iraqi government begins Operation Breaking Terrorism, aimed at retaking the city of Fallujah, which has been under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group since early 2014. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-iraqi-government-begins-operation-breaking-terrorism-aimed-at-retaking-the-city-of-fallujah-which-has-been-under-the-control-of-the.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War, With the support of Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve, Iraqi Armed Forces have launched operations to retake Ramadi from ISIL. ](/news/2015/11/30/iraqi-civil-war-with-the-support-of-combined-joint-task-force-a-operation-inherent-resolve-iraqi-armed-forces-have-launched-operations-t.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completing-the-operation-t.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel.  He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: ISIL_
