### [2011-08-25](/news/2011/08/25/index.md)

# A protester is arrested for throwing a paint bomb at British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg as he arrives at a Liberal Democrats party meeting in Glasgow. 

A man is arrested after Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was splattered with blue paint by a protester while arriving at a Lib Dem meeting in Glasgow.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14672120)

### Related:

1. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
2. [Britain's Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg announces that plans to reform the House of Lords will be abandoned after his party's coalition partners, the Conservatives, failed to support the proposals. The Lib Dems will also not support Conservative plans to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons. ](/news/2012/08/6/britain-s-deputy-prime-minister-and-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-nick-clegg-announces-that-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-will-be-ab.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
3. [Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg describes the result of the referendum as a "bitter blow". ](/news/2011/05/7/deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-describes-the-result-of-the-referendum-as-a-bitter-blow.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
4. [British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg says his party will be more "muscular" and mark out their identity more clearly, following their poor results in recent council elections and the Scottish Parliament general election. ](/news/2011/05/11/british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-says-his-party-will-be-more-muscular-and-mark-out-their-identity-more-clearly-following-their-po.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
5. [In a confidential letter to Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, the party's former leader of Liverpool City Council, Warren Bradley, urges Clegg to pull out of the coalition government before the Lib Dems "disappears into the annals of history". ](/news/2011/04/11/in-a-confidential-letter-to-liberal-democrat-leader-nick-clegg-the-party-s-former-leader-of-liverpool-city-council-warren-bradley-urges-c.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
6. [UK general election countdown:. Gordon Brown and David Cameron admitted that Nick Clegg, leader of the Liberal Democrats, put forward a very good case for his party at last night's election debate. ](/news/2010/04/16/uk-general-election-countdown-gordon-brown-and-david-cameron-admitted-that-nick-clegg-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-put-forward-a-very.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
7. [The Liberal Democrats send out a "four step" manifesto plan to "hardwire fairness into British society". Leader Nick Clegg says his policies, including raising the state pension and a tax cut for low and middle earners, combined "hope and credibility". ](/news/2010/04/14/the-liberal-democrats-send-out-a-four-step-manifesto-plan-to-hardwire-fairness-into-british-society-leader-nick-clegg-says-his-policies.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
8. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [At least six Britons from Manchester and Glasgow are killed in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia while they were on pilgrimage. ](/news/2017/01/19/at-least-six-britons-from-manchester-and-glasgow-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-saudi-arabia-while-they-were-on-pilgrimage.md) _Context: Glasgow_
