### [2011-08-25](/news/2011/08/25/index.md)

# Libya's National Transitional Council announces plans to move its headquarters to Tripoli following the capture of the city from Muammar Gaddafi. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/libya-rebels-move-base-to-capital-of-tripoli/story-e6frg6so-1226122609993)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
2. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
3. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
4. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
5. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
7. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:. The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defen.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war:. Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]. The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]. Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi-s hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafi-s-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
10. [The Libyan National Transitional Council gives an ultimatum to supporters of Muammar Gaddafi in Sirte to surrender by the end of Eid ul-Fitr on Saturday. ](/news/2011/08/30/the-libyan-national-transitional-council-gives-an-ultimatum-to-supporters-of-muammar-gaddafi-in-sirte-to-surrender-by-the-end-of-eid-ul-fitr.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
