### [2011-08-25](/news/2011/08/25/index.md)

# London's Metropolitan Police Service says that it has now made over 2,000 arrests in connection with the riots which occurred in London. 

The number of people arrested over rioting and looting in London earlier this month passes 2,000, the Metropolitan Police reveal.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14668770)

### Related:

1. [June 2017 London attack. A van travelling at approximately 50&nbsp;mph ploughs into pedestrians on London Bridge; the three occupants then abandon the van and embark on a stabbing spree in Borough Market before being shot dead by officers of the Metropolitan Police. At least six civilians are killed. ](/news/2017/06/3/june-2017-london-attack-a-van-travelling-at-approximately-50-nbsp-mph-ploughs-into-pedestrians-on-london-bridge-the-three-occupants-then-a.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
2. [Grenfell Tower fire. The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/grenfell-tower-fire-the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-me.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
3. [Scotland Yard confirms that they are investigating a triple murder in relation to the death of British actress Sian Blake and her two sons after the discovery of their dead bodies on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/01/7/scotland-yard-confirms-that-they-are-investigating-a-triple-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-british-actress-sian-blake-and-her-two-sons-a.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
4. [Terrorism in the United Kingdom. Scotland Yard advises that it will be treating three non-fatal stabbings at the Leytonstone tube station in London as a terrorist incident. ](/news/2015/12/5/terrorism-in-the-united-kingdom-scotland-yard-advises-that-it-will-be-treating-three-non-fatal-stabbings-at-the-leytonstone-tube-station-in.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
5. [Shaker Aamer, the last British resident held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, is released. Aamer faces no charges in Britain; Scotland Yard detectives questioned him for three days during his detention. ](/news/2015/10/30/shaker-aamer-the-last-british-resident-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-is-released-aamer-faces-no-charges-in-britain-scotland.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
6. [A jury at the High Court, London returns an 8-2 majority verdict of lawful killing at the inquest into the death of Mark Duggan, whose death at the hands of Trident Gang Crime Command Metropolitan Police firearms officers in August 2011 sparked the 2011 England Riots. This verdict was reached despite the fact the jury also found that Mark Duggan was not holding a gun when he was shot by the police, sparking protests outside the court and in Tottenham. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-jury-at-the-high-court-london-returns-an-8-2-majority-verdict-of-lawful-killing-at-the-inquest-into-the-death-of-mark-duggan-whose-death.md) _Context: 2011 England Riots_
7. [Metropolitan Police arrested two suspects after three women are rescued from a residential address in Lambeth, South London, after thirty years of captivity. ](/news/2013/11/21/metropolitan-police-arrested-two-suspects-after-three-women-are-rescued-from-a-residential-address-in-lambeth-south-london-after-thirty-ye.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
8. [Scotland Yard discovers new evidence and new witnesses in the Madeleine McCann case and opens a formal investigation into her disappearance. ](/news/2013/07/4/scotland-yard-discovers-new-evidence-and-new-witnesses-in-the-madeleine-mccann-case-and-opens-a-formal-investigation-into-her-disappearance.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
9. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
10. [As part of "a policy of reducing the impact of rough sleepers on the community" London's Metropolitan police seize belongings including sleeping bags from homeless people. ](/news/2013/05/24/as-part-of-a-policy-of-reducing-the-impact-of-rough-sleepers-on-the-community-london-s-metropolitan-police-seize-belongings-including-slee.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police Service_
