### [2016-12-13](/news/2016/12/13/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian security forces take over the headquarters of the electoral commission as the current president, Yahya Jammeh, refuses to accept the recent election results. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-38302533)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-38306325)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/13/opinion/gambias-jammeh-weighs-whether-to-be-or-not-to-be-a-dictator.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
2. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
3. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. The president of Senegal urges The Gambia's fallen dictator Yahya Jammeh to respect the result of the polls. ](/news/2016/12/12/gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-president-of-senegal-urges-the-gambia-s-fallen-dictator-yahya-jammeh-to-respect-the-result-of-the-p.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
4. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Defeated dictator Yahya Jammeh vows to contest the election results in The Gambian supreme court. ](/news/2016/12/11/gambian-presidential-election-2016-defeated-dictator-yahya-jammeh-vows-to-contest-the-election-results-in-the-gambian-supreme-court.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
5. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. ](/news/2016/12/10/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-security-forces-are-deployed-on-the-streets-of-the-capital-banjul-following-p.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
6. [Gambian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/gambian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-l.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
7. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
8. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
9. [European Union-The Gambia relations. The European Union pledges to give the Gambia -225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/european-union-the-gambia-relations-the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-t.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
10. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
