### [2016-12-13](/news/2016/12/13/index.md)

# Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): The warring parties reach agreement on a ceasefire, now that the fighting has ended, to allow civilians and the remaining rebel fighters trapped in the besieged Syrian city to evacuate. Five buses will start moving to pick up passengers at 5:00 a.m. EET Wednesday (03:00 UTC). 

There was no immediate confirmation of the agreement from the Syrian government.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/aleppos-children/aleppo-civilians-killed-complete-meltdown-humanity-u-n-n695286?google_editors_picks=true)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKBN1420H5)

### Related:

1. [Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016), Battle of Aleppo_
2. [Syrian peace process: Staffan de Mistura, U.N. envoy to Syria, says there has been "real but modest" progress in the country's humanitarian situation, despite the shaken ceasefire. Aid convoys have reached 560,000 people in hard-to-reach and besieged areas; six areas still remain off limits. Yesterday, the Syrian Arab Red Crescent medically evacuated 515 people from four communities-Zabadani, Madaya, Kfarya, and Foua-besieged by government and rebel groups. ](/news/2016/04/21/syrian-peace-process-staffan-de-mistura-u-n-envoy-to-syria-says-there-has-been-real-but-modest-progress-in-the-country-s-humanitarian.md) _Context: Syria, ceasefire_
3. [Syria peace talks in Vienna: Syrian Civil War: Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-syrian-civil-war-representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution.md) _Context: Syria, ceasefire_
4. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestini.md) _Context: ceasefire_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [2017 Notre Dame attack: A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [Marawi crisis: Citizens remain trapped in Marawi, Philippines, after a ceasefire organised by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is broken. Up to 2,000 people remain in need of help after nearly two weeks without food. ](/news/2017/06/4/marawi-crisis-citizens-remain-trapped-in-marawi-philippines-after-a-ceasefire-organised-by-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-milf-is-br.md) _Context: ceasefire_
9. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syria_
