### [2016-12-13](/news/2016/12/13/index.md)

# Muhammad V becomes the new monarch of Malaysia. 

The Sultan of Kelantan, Sultan Muhammad V is set to become the 15th Yang di-Pertuan Agong. Sultan Muhammad V was elected on Oct, 14, to become the next Yang di-Pertuan Agong, the head of state


### Source:

1. [Malaysian Outlook](http://www.malaysiaoutlook.com/sultan-muhammad-v-set-to-reign-as-the-15th-yang-di-pertuan-agong/)

### Related:

1. [ The Sultan of Terengganu, Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin, is formally installed as the 13th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia. ](/news/2007/04/26/the-sultan-of-terengganu-sultan-mizan-zainal-abidin-is-formally-installed-as-the-13th-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
2. [ Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj, Sultan of Selangor and 11th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia dies in office.](/news/2001/12/4/sultan-salahuddin-abdul-aziz-shah-ibni-almarhum-sultan-hisamuddin-alam-shah-al-haj-sultan-of-selangor-and-11th-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-ma.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
3. [ Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raja of Perlis becomes the 12th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia](/news/2001/12/13/tuanku-syed-sirajuddin-raja-of-perlis-becomes-the-12th-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
4. [ Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj, Sultan of Selangor becomes the eleventh Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.](/news/1999/04/26/sultan-salahuddin-abdul-aziz-shah-ibni-almarhum-sultan-hisamuddin-alam-shah-al-haj-sultan-of-selangor-becomes-the-eleventh-yang-di-pertuan.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
5. [ End of term for Tuanku Jaafar ibni Almarhum Tuanku Abdul Rahman as the tenth Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.](/news/1999/04/25/end-of-term-for-tuanku-jaafar-ibni-almarhum-tuanku-abdul-rahman-as-the-tenth-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
6. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Muhammad V is formally installed as the 15th King of Malaysia. ](/news/2017/04/24/muhammad-v-is-formally-installed-as-the-15th-king-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Muhammad V_
10. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
