### [2016-12-13](/news/2016/12/13/index.md)

# Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. 

A top energy executive with strong ties to Russia is lined up as US secretary of state.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-38301686)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-rick-perry-energy-department-donald-trump-20161213-story.html)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/12/13/trump-to-pick-rep-zinke-ex-seal-as-interior-secretary.amp.html)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2016/11/23/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-south-carolina-governor-nikki-haley-as-united-states-ambassador.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-leve.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. ](/news/2016/11/15/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-ben-carson-former-gop-presidential-candidate-current-advisor-to-president-elect-donald-trump-and.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
5. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump says he plans to deport or imprison up to 3 million illegal migrants, targeting those with criminal records. ](/news/2016/11/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-deport-or-imprison-up-to-3-milli.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama-s administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Rex Tillerson, United States Secretary of State_
8. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys: United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
9. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet: The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2017/02/1/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-the-united-states-senate-in-a-56-43-vote-confirms-rex-tillerson-s-nomination-as-united-states-secre.md) _Context: Rex Tillerson, United States Secretary of State_
10. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
