### [2004-01-4](/news/2004/01/4/index.md)

#  Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).




### Related:

1. [NASA scientists are planning to capture a 500 ton near-Earth asteroid, relocate it and turn it into a space station for astronauts on their route to Mars after 2025. ](/news/2012/12/27/nasa-scientists-are-planning-to-capture-a-500-ton-near-earth-asteroid-relocate-it-and-turn-it-into-a-space-station-for-astronauts-on-their.md) _Context: Mars, NASA, route_
2. [ Michael D. Griffin, the current Administrator of NASA, announces the agency will concentrate more on the outer Solar System and less on Mars exploration, due to cuts to its 2009-2012 budget. ](/news/2008/03/15/michael-d-griffin-the-current-administrator-of-nasa-announces-the-agency-will-concentrate-more-on-the-outer-solar-system-and-less-on-mar.md) _Context: Mars, NASA, route_
3. [ The NASA Mars Exploration Rover Mission robotic Spirit rover sends back a partial panoramic view from the top of "Husband Hill" at Gusev Crater on Mars. ](/news/2005/09/2/the-nasa-mars-exploration-rover-mission-robotic-spirit-rover-sends-back-a-partial-panoramic-view-from-the-top-of-husband-hill-at-gusev-cr.md) _Context: Mars, Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
4. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA announces that Mars rover "Opportunity" landed in an area where "liquid water once drenched the surface". ](/news/2004/03/2/exploration-of-mars-nasa-announces-that-mars-rover-opportunity-landed-in-an-area-where-liquid-water-once-drenched-the-surface.md) _Context: Mars, NASA, route_
5. [ "Mars Exploration Rover Mission": Mars surface temperatures appear to vary more frequently and dramatically than on Earth, preliminary data from NASA's Opportunity rover shows.](/news/2004/02/13/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mars-surface-temperatures-appear-to-vary-more-frequently-and-dramatically-than-on-earth-preliminary-data.md) _Context: Mars, Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: Mars, NASA, route_
7. [ Exploration of Mars: The first of the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit, has successfully landed on the Martian surface with a "very strong signal" being received from the lander. It was a tense few minutes as no signal was received from the lander during the minutes while it bounced over the surface. Mission Control is described as being a wild place with the mission scientists very happy. The first pictures are expected at the earliest around 0730 UTCurl=http://spaceflightnow.com/mars/mera/statustextonly.html  Mars &#124; Mission Status Center  Now  ](/news/2004/01/3/exploration-of-mars-the-first-of-the-mars-exploration-rovers-spirit-has-successfully-landed-on-the-martian-surface-with-a-very-strong-s.md) _Context: Mars, Mars Exploration Rover Mission, route_
8. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: Mars, NASA_
9. [NASA releases new pictures from the Dawn spacecraft as it approaches from a distance of 238,000 miles of Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Dawn will go into orbit around the dwarf planet on March 6. ](/news/2015/01/19/nasa-releases-new-pictures-from-the-dawn-spacecraft-as-it-approaches-from-a-distance-of-238-000-miles-of-ceres-the-largest-object-in-the-as.md) _Context: Mars, NASA_
10. [NASA's MAVEN space probe successfully arrives in orbit over Mars. ](/news/2014/09/22/nasa-s-maven-space-probe-successfully-arrives-in-orbit-over-mars.md) _Context: Mars, NASA_
