### [2011-05-1](/news/2011/05/1/index.md)

# Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. 

Israel suspends transfer of $89m to Palestinian Authority in view of recent unity deal between Fatah and Hamas.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/05/20115182147504313.html)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=218623)

### Related:

1. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to  Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-cap.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hamas, Israel_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as "unacceptable interference". ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hamas, Israel_
3. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
4. [Israeli officials say they will refuse to deal with the Palestinian unity government composed of Fatah and Hamas because Hamas has carried out bombings and rocket attacks against Israel for years and does not recognise its right to exist.](/news/2011/04/28/israeli-officials-say-they-will-refuse-to-deal-with-the-palestinian-unity-government-composed-of-fatah-and-hamas-because-hamas-has-carried-o.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
5. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel had recently renewed contacts with a German mediator to negotiate the release of a captured Israeli soldier, Staff Sgt. Gilad Shalit, who is being held incommunicado by Hamas. ](/news/2010/10/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-israel-had-recently-renewed-contacts-with-a-german-mediator-to-negotiate-the-release-of.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hamas, Israel_
7. [ Hamas accuses rival faction Fatah of spying for Israel during the recent conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/23/hamas-accuses-rival-faction-fatah-of-spying-for-israel-during-the-recent-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Israel_
8. [ The Palestinian National Authority's Central Bureau of Statistics reports that 1,300 Palestinians were killed; 5,400 were injured; and US$1.9 billion in damage was caused during the 22-day conflict with Israel in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/19/the-palestinian-national-authority-s-central-bureau-of-statistics-reports-that-1-300-palestinians-were-killed-5-400-were-injured-and-us-1.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority, U.S. dollar_
9. [ Israel has begun releasing 250 Palestinian prisoners associated with Fatah. ](/news/2007/07/20/israel-has-begun-releasing-250-palestinian-prisoners-associated-with-fatah.md) _Context: Fatah, Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
