### [2015-03-2](/news/2015/03/2/index.md)

#  Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant:: A coalition of Iraqi Armed Forces and militia numbering around 30,000 launches an offensive against Islamic State positions in Tikrit. Troops seize control of the district of al-Tin and al-Abeid. 

Iraqi forces say they have retaken some districts around Tikrit in their fight to recapture the strategic city from Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-31699632)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
2. [Battle of Mosul: Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Battle of Mosul (2016): United Nations Human Rights Council spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani says ISIL militants killed 40 former Iraqi Security Forces members and threw their bodies in the Tigris river near Mosul on Saturday. ](/news/2016/11/1/battle-of-mosul-2016-united-nations-human-rights-council-spokeswoman-ravina-shamdasani-says-isil-militants-killed-40-former-iraqi-securit.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Armed Forces recapture al-Shirqat, southwest of al Hujayl, from ISIL. ](/news/2016/09/22/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-armed-forces-recapture-al-shirqat-southwest-of-al-hujayl-from-isil.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Battle of Fallujah (2016): The United Nations reports 80,000 civilians have fled Fallujah, as Iraqi Army and Shia militias retake most of the city from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/22/battle-of-fallujah-2016-the-united-nations-reports-80-000-civilians-have-fled-fallujah-as-iraqi-army-and-shia-militias-retake-most-of-th.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraq Civil War: The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/iraq-civil-war-the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-kill.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraqi and allied forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Salahuddin campaign: Islamic State militants counter-attack in Iraq's Saladin province and seize locations west, north and south of Baiji, home to Iraq's largest oil refinery. In addition, the militants attack oilfields west of Tikrit, capture parts of the town of Seiniyah, portions of Mak'houl Mountain, and an abandoned fertilizer plant. ](/news/2015/11/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-salahuddin-campaign-islamic-state-militants-counter-attack-in-iraq-s-saladin-province-and-seize-locations.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tikrit_
