### [2007-05-13](/news/2007/05/13/index.md)

#  At least one million people gather in Izmir, Turkey for the fifth mass rally to demand their country remain a secular state, stepping up pressure on the Islamist-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP) government before July elections. 




### Source:

1. [Swissinfo](http://www.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/05/13/turkey.rally.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ A bomb placed on a bicycle was detonated in a bazaar in Izmir, Turkey wounding fifteen people just a day before the scheduled "republic protest" in the city. One of the wounded was in a critical condition and later died in the hospital while most of the others were lightly wounded and were released from the hospital the same day. ](/news/2007/05/12/a-bomb-placed-on-a-bicycle-was-detonated-in-a-bazaar-in-adegzmir-turkey-wounding-fifteen-people-just-a-day-before-the-scheduled-republic-pr.md) _Context: Izmir, Turkey, fifth mass rally_
2. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Islamist, Turkey, ruling party_
3. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
4. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
5. [Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said "We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists' seats--just like junta periods, this is called a police state". ](/news/2015/10/28/turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
6. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a general election with the ruling AKP seeking enough votes to enable them to change the constitution. However, early projections show that they will lose their majority in the new parliament. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ruling-akp-seeking-enough-votes-to-enable-them-to-change-the-constitution.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
7. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory. ](/news/2014/03/30/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice-and-development-party-claiming.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
8. [ The Italian city of Milan is selected to host the 2015 World Exposition after winning 86 to 65 in a vote against Turkish Izmir. ](/news/2008/03/31/the-italian-city-of-milan-is-selected-to-host-the-2015-world-exposition-after-winning-86-to-65-in-a-vote-against-turkish-adegzmir.md) _Context: Izmir, Turkey_
9. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
10. [ Turkish prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya asks the Constitutional Court of Turkey to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party for anti-secular activities. ](/news/2008/03/13/turkish-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-asks-the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development-party-for-ant.md) _Context: Turkey, ruling party_
