### [2007-05-13](/news/2007/05/13/index.md)

#  Team Canada wins the 2007 IIHF World Hockey Championship after a 4-2 win over Finland in the gold medal game in Moscow, Russia. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/Sports/article/213419)

### Related:

1. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Finland, Moscow, Russia_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Finland, Russia_
3. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
4. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
5. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
6. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
7. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Finland, Russia_
8. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
9. [Russia stages its biggest ever military parade in Moscow's Red Square to commemorate the 70th anniversary of Victory Day despite a boycott by many western world leaders due to Russian involvement in the Ukrainian crisis. ](/news/2015/05/9/russia-stages-its-biggest-ever-military-parade-in-moscow-s-red-square-to-commemorate-the-70th-anniversary-of-victory-day-despite-a-boycott-b.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [Russia launches a new national defense facility in  Moscow meant to monitor threats to national security in peacetime but take control of the country in wartime. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-launches-a-new-national-defense-facility-in-moscow-meant-to-monitor-threats-to-national-security-in-peacetime-but-take-control-of-th.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
