### [2014-11-30](/news/2014/11/30/index.md)

# Colombian conflict. FARC releases Colombian Army general Ruben Alzate and two of their other prisoners. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/11/30/colombia-rebels-free-general-whose-capture-led-president-to-suspend-peace-talks/)

### Related:

1. [Colombian conflict. The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos announces that he will sign the peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC on September 26. ](/news/2016/09/2/colombian-conflict-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-announces-that-he-will-sign-the-peace-deal-with-the-revolutionary-armed-for.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
2. [Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia kill four members of Colombian Army on a mission to destroy cocaine laboratories in Caquet Department with another four soldiers, a police officer and a French journalist missing. ](/news/2012/04/29/revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-kill-four-members-of-colombian-army-on-a-mission-to-destroy-cocaine-laboratories-in-caqueta-departmen.md) _Context: Colombian Army, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
3. [Alfonso Cano, the head of the Colombian militant organisation FARC, is reportedly killed in a raid by the Colombian Army. ](/news/2011/11/4/alfonso-cano-the-head-of-the-colombian-militant-organisation-farc-is-reportedly-killed-in-a-raid-by-the-colombian-army.md) _Context: Colombian Army, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
4. [ A Colombian military official claims that eight FARC guerrillas and five Colombian army soldiers have been killed in heavy fighting in Cauca Department. ](/news/2009/10/17/a-colombian-military-official-claims-that-eight-farc-guerrillas-and-five-colombian-army-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-heavy-fighting-in-cauc.md) _Context: Colombian Army, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
5. [Colombian conflict. A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/colombian-conflict-a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-an.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
6. [Colombian conflict. As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/colombian-conflict-as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
7. [Colombian peace process. The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/colombian-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-c.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
8. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-nobel-peace-prize-the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-effor.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
9. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
10. [Colombian conflict. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/colombian-conflict-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal.md) _Context: Colombian conflict_
