### [2011-09-14](/news/2011/09/14/index.md)

# Paul Tiensten, a former Minister in Papua New Guinea, flees to Australia after being summonsed in East New Britain Province to face charges of fraud and corruption. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/nation/papua-new-guinea-minister-flees-to-australia-over-corruption-allegations/story-e6frg6nf-1226137899684)

### Related:

1. [Australia-United States relations. Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-united-states-relations-australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
2. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
3. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
4. [Refugee rights. Australia-Papua New Guinea relations. Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/refugee-rights-australia-papua-new-guinea-relations-australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-wil.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
5. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
6. [ A passenger plane carrying 13 people, including nine Australians, en route to Kokoda, site of a hiking trail and famous World War II battle, is reported missing over Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2009/08/11/a-passenger-plane-carrying-13-people-including-nine-australians-en-route-to-kokoda-site-of-a-hiking-trail-and-famous-world-war-ii-battle.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
7. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
10. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
