### [2011-09-14](/news/2011/09/14/index.md)

# Two days after his release from prison, British Conservative peer Lord Hanningfield is arrested on suspicion of fraudulently claiming expenses during his time as leader of Essex County Council. 

Lord Hanningfield, who was jailed for expenses fraud, has been arrested over money he claimed from Essex County Council, the BBC understands.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-essex-14922211)

### Related:

1. [Former British Conservative peer and leader of Essex County Council, Lord Hanningfield is jailed for nine months for fiddling his parliamentary expenses. ](/news/2011/07/1/former-british-conservative-peer-and-leader-of-essex-county-council-lord-hanningfield-is-jailed-for-nine-months-for-fiddling-his-parliament.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Essex County Council, Lord Hanningfield_
2. [In Britain, the former leader of Essex County Council and Conservative peer Lord Hanningfield is found guilty of six counts of false accounting relating to his expenses. ](/news/2011/05/26/in-britain-the-former-leader-of-essex-county-council-and-conservative-peer-lord-hanningfield-is-found-guilty-of-six-counts-of-false-account.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Essex County Council, Lord Hanningfield_
3. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
4. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
5. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
6. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
7. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
8. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
9. [Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. ](/news/2015/11/29/labour-deputy-leader-tom-watson-demands-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-who-opposes-pm-david-cameron-s-conservative-proposed-air-strikes-on-sy.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
10. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
