### [2005-05-9](/news/2005/05/9/index.md)

#  Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/cgi-bin/news_service/middle_east_full_story.asp?service_id=8508)
2. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/N09702375.htm)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
2. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
4. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Middle East_
5. [ The Sunday Times (UK) reports that Israel has drawn up plans to possibly destroy Iran's uranium enrichment facilities with tactical nuclear weapons in the event that U.S. intervention does not occur, and non-nuclear strikes are ruled out. Iran has responded saying that "anyone who attacks will regret their actions very quickly." Israel denies such plans were made.](/news/2007/01/6/the-sunday-times-uk-reports-that-israel-has-drawn-up-plans-to-possibly-destroy-iran-s-uranium-enrichment-facilities-with-tactical-nuclear.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, uranium enrichment_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, United Nations_
7. [Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-the-december-23-2016-security-council-settl.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
8. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
9. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
