### [2013-08-26](/news/2013/08/26/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: The U.N team in charge of the investigation on the alleged recent chemical attacks in Syria comes under fire from snipers; none of the U.N. delegates are injured and the team reaches one of the alleged hit sites. The U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry describes the attack as "a shame and an offense to the world and humanity that deserves the proper punishment". 

&#8216;We have strategic weapons and we’re capable of responding,&#8217; says official in Damscus; Russia: West has no proof of chemical attack


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/26/world/meast/syria-civil-war/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/aug/25/syria-un-mandate-nato-military-action)
3. [Times Of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/syria-iran-issue-explicit-warning-to-israel-if-us-attacks/)

### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syrian civil war: The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/syrian-civil-war-the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Syrian Civil War: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/iraqi-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazi.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian peace process: The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War: United Nations investigators accuse the Government of Syria of "extermination" in its jails and detention centres. ](/news/2016/02/8/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-investigators-accuse-the-government-of-syria-of-extermination-in-its-jails-and-detention-centres.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War: John Kerry, the United States Secretary of State, says that a meeting of 17 ministers in Munich has agreed to a ceasefire within a week and delivery of humanitarian assistance beginning immediately. ](/news/2016/02/12/syrian-civil-war-john-kerry-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-says-that-a-meeting-of-17-ministers-in-munich-has-agreed-to-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syrian Civil War_
