### [2017-02-25](/news/2017/02/25/index.md)

# An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. 

The 105-page draft legislation, obtained by NBC News, repeals much of the current law within the next few years and sets in place a Republican vision of healthcare.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/24/gop-draft-health-care-bill-cuts-medicaid-insurance-subsidies.html)

### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Republican, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [American Health Care Act of 2017: The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
4. [115th United States Congress: The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Rep. Thaddeus McCotter, R-Mich., announces his resignation from the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/07/6/rep-thaddeus-mccotter-r-mich-announces-his-resignation-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-for-the-thirty-third-time-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-afford.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
