### [2017-02-25](/news/2017/02/25/index.md)

# French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that  allies should have more respect and support for each other. 

French President Francois Hollande fired back at Donald Trump on Saturday after the U.S. president remarked in a speech that a friend thought &quot;Paris is no longer Paris&quot; after attacks by Islamist militants.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-usa-paris-idUSKBN1640CD)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/25/world/europe/frances-president-criticizes-trump-over-paris-remarks.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
2. [Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-this-leaves-the-selection.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
3. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
4. [The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-attack-which-has-no.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
5. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
6. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande agrees to take 24,000 refugees out of the estimated 100,000 per month expected to arrive. ](/news/2015/09/7/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-agrees-to-take-24-000-refugees-out-of-the-estimated-100-000-per-month-expected-to-arrive.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
9. [The President of France, Francois Hollande, presents the Legion d'honneur to four people, three of them Americans, Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, Anthony Sadler; and Briton Chris Norman, for foiling a suspected terrorist act last Friday. ](/news/2015/08/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-presents-the-la-c-gion-d-honneur-to-four-people-three-of-them-americans-spencer-stone-alek-ska.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
10. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, president_
