### [2017-02-25](/news/2017/02/25/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. 

City centre in Homs in lockdown after twin suicide attacks leave scores dead.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Attack-on-Syrian-security-forces-in-Homs-kills-14-482546)
2. [SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2017/02/25/suicide-attacks-bases-syrias-homs-kill-42-monitor)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
2. [Syrian civil war: Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/syrian-civil-war-hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. ](/news/2015/12/12/syrian-civil-war-sixteen-people-are-killed-and-many-more-injured-by-a-car-bomb-and-a-second-delayed-explosion-near-a-hospital-in-syria-s-m.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/syrian-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-r.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/syrian-civil-war-around-1-500-2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-g.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
