### [2017-02-25](/news/2017/02/25/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. 

City centre in Homs in lockdown after twin suicide attacks leave scores dead.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Attack-on-Syrian-security-forces-in-Homs-kills-14-482546)
2. [SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2017/02/25/suicide-attacks-bases-syrias-homs-kill-42-monitor)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
2. [Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-trucks-near-the-tow.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, military_
3. [Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion  near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of  Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days  after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. ](/news/2015/12/12/sixteen-people-are-killed-and-many-more-injured-by-a-car-bomb-and-a-second-delayed-explosion-near-a-hospital-in-syria-s-mainly-alawite-go.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/around-1-500a2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-governorate-idlib.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Civil War_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now-465-000.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-heavy-clashes-with-isil-militants.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
10. [A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-the-syrian-observato.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
