### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# A student, whose disappearance with a gun caused the precautionary closing of Washington College in Maryland (U.S.) this week, is found dead in Pennsylvania of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The campus will reopen after Thanksgiving. 

Please stay tuned to washcoll.edu/updates for information as it becomes available.


### Source:

1. [Washington College](http://www.washcoll.edu/live/news/8305-campus-closed-due-to-threat)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/missing-washington-college-student-found-dead-in-pennsylvania/2015/11/21/d486fab8-90ab-11e5-acff-673ae92ddd2b_story.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
2. [Washington College, on the U.S. Delmarva Peninsula, closes until Sunday, November 30, as police search for an upset, potentially armed student who just returned to campus. His Pennsylvania high school is on alert. ](/news/2015/11/18/washington-college-on-the-u-s-delmarva-peninsula-closes-until-sunday-november-30-as-police-search-for-an-upset-potentially-armed-stude.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Washington College_
3. [A military JLENS blimp from the United States Army broke loose from its moorings at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland, and drifted over 16,000 ft above Pennsylvania. F-16 Fighter jets were scrambled to track the blimp that has since deflated, causing widespread power outages from a long cable it dragged along the ground. ](/news/2015/10/28/a-military-jlens-blimp-from-the-united-states-army-broke-loose-from-its-moorings-at-the-aberdeen-proving-ground-in-maryland-and-drifted-ove.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
4. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:. The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
5. [The finals of the Scripps National Spelling Bee are held in the US town of Oxon Hill, Maryland with Sukanya Roy of South Abington, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2011/06/2/the-finals-of-the-scripps-national-spelling-bee-are-held-in-the-us-town-of-oxon-hill-maryland-with-sukanya-roy-of-south-abington-pennsylva.md) _Context: Maryland, Pennsylvania_
6. [Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials. Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/removal-of-confederate-monuments-and-memorials-several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-i.md) _Context: Maryland_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Maryland_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Maryland_
9. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA". The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: Maryland_
10. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
