### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Belgium raises its terror alert level to the highest level in the capital Brussels and deploys soldiers on the streets of major Belgian cities such as Brussels, Antwerp and Ghent. As part of the emergency measures, the Belgian government is advising people in the Brussels area to avoid crowded places, which includes concerts,  train stations, airports, public transportation, and busy shopping streets, warning of an "imminent threat". 

 Belgium raises threat level for Brussels to highest possible level 


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20151121-belgium-raises-terror-alert-highest-level-brussels-statement)
2. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3328049/Belgium-raises-alert-status-Brussels-highest-level.html#ixzz3s6QBV2jT)
3. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id2692)

### Related:

1. [Two Belgian policewomen and eight soldiers reportedly held an orgy at a police station in the Brussels neighbourhood of Ganshoren while colleagues hunted for the Paris terror attacks suspects. The police station was near Molenbeek, where anti-terror raids had been taking place. Police spokesman, Johan Berckmans, said "we have launched an investigation to find out what exactly happened". ](/news/2015/12/30/two-belgian-policewomen-and-eight-soldiers-reportedly-held-an-orgy-at-a-police-station-in-the-brussels-neighbourhood-of-ganshoren-while-coll.md) _Context: 2015 Brussels lockdown, Brussels, soldiers_
2. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
3. [Twelve people are arrested and three men are subsequently charged with terrorism offences in Belgium after dozens of raids were carried out mainly in the Brussels region. ](/news/2016/06/18/twelve-people-are-arrested-and-three-men-are-subsequently-charged-with-terrorism-offences-in-belgium-after-dozens-of-raids-were-carried-out.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
4. [NATO foreign ministers, meeting at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, agree to extend the alliance's Resolute Support Mission, that trains, advises and assists Afghanistan's military beyond 2016. ](/news/2016/05/20/nato-foreign-ministers-meeting-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-belgium-agree-to-extend-the-alliance-s-resolute-support-mission-that-tra.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
5. [Aftermath of the Police in Brussels, Belgium arrest multiple right-wing and anti-racist protesters, with riot squads engaged in a tense confrontation with local youths in the district of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek. A standoff grew when far-right protesters faced a counter-demonstration, despite protests being banned by local authorities who were fearful of last Sunday's event, in which police forcefully dispersed a right-wing protest with water cannons. ](/news/2016/04/2/aftermath-of-the-police-in-brussels-belgium-arrest-multiple-right-wing-and-anti-racist-protesters-with-riot-squads-engaged-in-a-tense-conf.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
6. [Aftermath of the At least 7,000 people take to the streets of Brussels, Belgium, in a march "against terror and hate." However, turnout was less than half of what was hoped for by organizers. ](/news/2016/04/17/aftermath-of-the-at-least-7-000-people-take-to-the-streets-of-brussels-belgium-in-a-march-against-terror-and-hate-however-turnout-was.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
7. [Aftermath of the Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/aftermath-of-the-belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-that-shook-brussels-last-ma.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
8. [  Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-brussels-bombing-also-thre.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
9. [The European Union and Turkey  agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migra.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
10. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium,  will discuss ways  to  stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of.md) _Context: Belgium, Brussels_
