### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Crimea is without power after transmission towers in Ukraine's Kherson Oblast were blown up by unknown people. The Crimean Emergencies Ministry declares a state of emergency due to the power outage and puts rescue teams on high alert. 

Russia’s Crimea has switched to autonomous reserve power after transmission towers in the adjacent Ukrainian Kherson region were blown up, causing a blackout. Meanwhile, the Right Sector and Crimean Tatar “activists” have been attempting to block repairs.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/323012-crimea-blackout-lines-blown-up/)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
2. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
3. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
4. [Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
5. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine_
6. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine_
7. [Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in-the-crimean-peninsula-next-month-for-the-firs.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukrainian crisis_
8. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian crisis_
9. [The World Health Organization urges Ukraine's health ministry to declare a state of emergency due to a polio outbreak, a move meant to prompt more action from the government in Kiev. Half of Ukraine's children have not been vaccinated against polio, according to Dorit Nitzan, head of the WHO's office in Ukraine. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-world-health-organization-urges-ukraine-s-health-ministry-to-declare-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-a-polio-outbreak-a-move-meant-to-promp.md) _Context: Ukraine, state of emergency_
10. [A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-federal-security-service-court-in-russia-sentences-ukrainian-film-director-oleg-sentsov-to-20-years-in-prison-for-plotting-terrorist-acts.md) _Context: Crimea, Ukraine_
