### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Elections in the United States; Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over  Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts  reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. 

The Democratic state representative held onto an early lead to beat the Republican senator in an upset.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_LOUISIANA_ELECTION_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-21-23-58-55)
2. [NOLA.com](http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2015/11/louisiana_governor_democrat.html)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/john-edwards-claiming-win-over-david-vitter-in-louisiana-governors-race/2015/11/21/a583fc06-9070-11e5-ae1f-af46b7df8483_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Elections in the United States; Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican.md) _Context: David Vitter, Democratic, Elections in the United States, John Bel Edwards, Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015, Republican, United States Senate, state Representative_
2. [Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing  Louisiana in the United States Senate  to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-united-states-senate-to-republican-congressman-bill-c.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana, Republican, United States Senate_
3. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democratic, Louisiana, Republican_
5. [Voters in Louisiana go to the polls to elect its next governor. The winner will succeed Bobby Jindal, who is in his second and final term, and is a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/10/24/voters-in-louisiana-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-its-next-governor-the-winner-will-succeed-bobby-jindal-who-is-in-his-second-and-final-term-a.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Louisiana, Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015_
6. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
7. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Senate_
9. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Democratic, Republican_
10. [ United States Senator David Vitter of Louisiana apologises after his name is found on a list associated with an escort agency operated by the so-called D.C. Madam. ](/news/2007/07/9/united-states-senator-david-vitter-of-louisiana-apologises-after-his-name-is-found-on-a-list-associated-with-an-escort-agency-operated-by-t.md) _Context: David Vitter, Louisiana, United States Senate_
