### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). A Palestinian terrorist stabs four people, including a 13-year-old girl, in the southern Israeli town of Kiryat Gat; he flees and evades police for five hours before being arrested. 

After 5-hour manhunt, police capture Muhammad Tarada, 18, in yard of private residence; 2 other Palestinians also arrested on suspicion of aiding terrorist


### Source:

1. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/suspect-in-kiryat-gat-stabbing-named-as-hebron-area-teen/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. ](/news/2015/12/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-palestinian-attackers-stab-passers-by-at-the-old-city-s-jaffa-gate-in-jerusalem-israel-killing-tw.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). A Palestinian rams his car into a bus stop near the Chords Bridge at the entrance to Jerusalem before being shot dead by police; fourteen people, including a toddler, are injured in the attack. ](/news/2015/12/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-a-palestinian-rams-his-car-into-a-bus-stop-near-the-chords-bridge-at-the-entrance-to-jerusalem-before-b.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). A Palestinian kills a 20 year-old Israeli and wounds two women in a stabbing attack at a gas station near the town of Modi-in; the Palestinian assailant is shot and killed by an officer at the scene. ](/news/2015/11/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-a-palestinian-kills-a-20-year-old-israeli-and-wounds-two-women-in-a-stabbing-attack-at-a-gas-station-ne.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). A Palestinian terrorist fatally stabs a 21-year-old Israeli woman at the Gush Etzion junction in the West Bank; the attacker is shot and killed by Israeli soldiers. ](/news/2015/11/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-a-palestinian-terrorist-fatally-stabs-a-21-year-old-israeli-woman-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-we.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). 40 year old Rabbi Ya-akov Litman and his 18 year-old son are shot dead by a Palestinian gunman, south of Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-40-year-old-rabbi-ya-akov-litman-and-his-18-year-old-son-are-shot-dead-by-a-palestinian-gunman-south.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank. Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-south.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
9. [ In Israel 8 people are killed and about 200 injured when a train is reported to have struck a truck on a level crossing near Kiryat Gat. ](/news/2005/06/21/in-israel-8-people-are-killed-and-about-200-injured-when-a-train-is-reported-to-have-struck-a-truck-on-a-level-crossing-near-kiryat-gat.md) _Context: Kiryat Gat_
