### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Miss World 2015. Miss World Canada Anastasia Lin says that she is prevented from competing in China by the Chinese authorities after she spoke up against human rights abuses in the country. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34884495)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in China. Prominent Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo dies. ](/news/2017/07/13/human-rights-in-china-prominent-chinese-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-dies.md) _Context: China, Human rights in China_
2. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: China, Human rights in China_
3. [Human rights in China. Chinese political activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo is released from prison on medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. ](/news/2017/06/26/human-rights-in-china-chinese-political-activist-and-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-liu-xiaobo-is-released-from-prison-on-medical-parole-after.md) _Context: China, Human rights in China_
4. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake. A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
5. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
6. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China_
7. [2017 Doklam crisis. Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China_
8. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
9. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China_
10. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: China_
