### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# Research conducted by Columbus, Ohio's Nationwide Children's Hospital and published in the "American Journal of Epidemiology" suggests moderate caffeine consumption during pregnancy does not harm a baby's future intelligence or behavioral health. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Health_News/2015/11/21/Moderate-caffeine-consumption-during-pregnancy-not-detrimental-to-babys-health/5301448129043/)

### Related:

1. [Nine people are injured in a shooting at the J&R Party Hall after-hours club in Columbus, Ohio. Two are in critical condition. ](/news/2017/04/16/nine-people-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-the-j-r-party-hall-after-hours-club-in-columbus-ohio-two-are-in-critical-condition.md) _Context: Columbus_
2. [Medical research reveals shrinkage in women-s brains as a result of pregnancy. Loss of gray matter in certain regions of the brain may make the brain more efficient and specialized for child-rearing. There is also evidence of links to long-term changes in brain. ](/news/2016/12/25/medical-research-reveals-shrinkage-in-women-s-brains-as-a-result-of-pregnancy-loss-of-gray-matter-in-certain-regions-of-the-brain-may-mak.md) _Context: pregnancy_
3. [2016 Ohio State University attack: Eleven people are hospitalized, one in critical condition, after a suspect rammed his car into a crowd, and then stabbed numerous people on Ohio State's Columbus campus. Police have declared the scene secure. The suspect, a refugee from Somalia, and a student at the university, is shot and killed by a police officer after he failed to obey orders to stop. ](/news/2016/11/28/2016-ohio-state-university-attack-eleven-people-are-hospitalized-one-in-critical-condition-after-a-suspect-rammed-his-car-into-a-crowd-a.md) _Context: Columbus_
4. [Brazilian health officials announce 2,400 babies (up from 147 in 2014) have been born this year with microcephaly, a neurological disorder that can result in incomplete brain development which can be caused by the mosquito-borne Zika virus, and advise would-be parents, especially in the country's northeast where most of the cases occurred, to avoid pregnancy. ](/news/2015/12/23/brazilian-health-officials-announce-2-400-babies-up-from-147-in-2014-have-been-born-this-year-with-microcephaly-a-neurological-disorder-t.md) _Context: pregnancy_
5. [Catriona Finlayson-Wilkins, 41, of England, becomes the first diabetic (she has Type I diabetes) to give birth naturally after using an artificial pancreas throughout her pregnancy. ](/news/2015/05/5/catriona-finlayson-wilkins-41-of-england-becomes-the-first-diabetic-she-has-type-i-diabetes-to-give-birth-naturally-after-using-an-arti.md) _Context: pregnancy_
6. [Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2013/04/8/wikileaks-announces-the-release-of-1-7-million-united-states-diplomatic-and-intelligence-documents-from-1973-1976-when-henry-kissinger-was.md) _Context: intelligence_
7. [While on the way to the hospital due to complications in a pregnancy, a young Ultra-Orthodox Hasidic Jewish couple from a Brooklyn enclave are killed in a hit-and-run; the baby was delivered prematurely by C-section but died the next day of its injuries. The car owner was arrested soon after; the driver was arrested days later after a search. ](/news/2013/03/3/while-on-the-way-to-the-hospital-due-to-complications-in-a-pregnancy-a-young-ultra-orthodox-hasidic-jewish-couple-from-a-brooklyn-enclave-a.md) _Context: pregnancy_
8. [Benjamin Pierce Bishop, a civil defense contractor who works in intelligence, was charged with giving U.S. national security secrets his Chinese girlfriend. ](/news/2013/03/19/benjamin-pierce-bishop-a-civil-defense-contractor-who-works-in-intelligence-was-charged-with-giving-u-s-national-security-secrets-his-chi.md) _Context: intelligence_
9. [Under new guidelines to come into force from April 30, clinics which charge for pregnancy services, including abortions, will be able to advertise on radio and television in the United Kingdom, after the Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice ruled there was no justification for barring such clinics from advertising their services. ](/news/2012/01/21/under-new-guidelines-to-come-into-force-from-april-30-clinics-which-charge-for-pregnancy-services-including-abortions-will-be-able-to-adv.md) _Context: pregnancy_
10. [ United States Army Major General Anthony Cucolo makes pregnancy a court-martial offense for both female and male troops under his command in northern Iraq. ](/news/2009/12/20/united-states-army-major-general-anthony-cucolo-makes-pregnancy-a-court-martial-offense-for-both-female-and-male-troops-under-his-command-i.md) _Context: pregnancy_
