### [2015-11-21](/news/2015/11/21/index.md)

# The Athens derby match between Superleague Greece's top two football teams,  Panathinaikos and Olympiakos Piraeus, is called off before play could start. There were scuffles between riot police and fans outside the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium. Flares were also tossed onto the pitch. 

The top of the table Athens derby clash between hosts Panathinaikos and league leaders Olympiakos Piraeus was called off before kick-off on Saturday following violent scenes with flares being thrown on to the pitch.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/11/21/uk-soccer-greece-idUKKCN0TA0UH20151121)

### Related:

1. [A Superleague Greece match between Athens football clubs Olympiacos and Panathinaikos is abandoned after fans set fire to parts of the Athens Olympic Stadium. ](/news/2012/03/18/a-superleague-greece-match-between-athens-football-clubs-olympiacos-and-panathinaikos-is-abandoned-after-fans-set-fire-to-parts-of-the-athen.md) _Context: Athens, Olympiacos, Panathinaikos, Superleague Greece's_
2. [Fans and police clash and damage the Olympic Stadium in Athens two hours ahead of a match between Panathenians and Piraeus. ](/news/2012/03/19/fans-and-police-clash-and-damage-the-olympic-stadium-in-athens-two-hours-ahead-of-a-match-between-panathenians-and-piraeus.md) _Context: Athens, Olympiacos_
3. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: riot police_
4. [ More details emerge on the rescue of Olympiacos and Mexico international footballer Alan Pulido, kidnapped in Ciudad Victoria on May 28. He escaped by overpowering a captor left alone with him. ](/news/2016/05/30/more-details-emerge-on-the-rescue-of-olympiacos-and-mexico-international-footballer-alan-pulido-kidnapped-in-ciudad-victoria-on-may-28-he.md) _Context: Olympiacos_
5. [Mexican international football player Alan Pulido, who plays for Olympiacos F.C., is kidnapped by masked men near his home in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas. He is later rescued. ](/news/2016/05/29/mexican-international-football-player-alan-pulido-who-plays-for-olympiacos-f-c-is-kidnapped-by-masked-men-near-his-home-in-ciudad-victori.md) _Context: Olympiacos_
6. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: Athens_
7. [Clashes erupt in Athens between left-wing demonstrators and Greek police with at least eighteen people arrested. ](/news/2015/12/6/clashes-erupt-in-athens-between-left-wing-demonstrators-and-greek-police-with-at-least-eighteen-people-arrested.md) _Context: Athens_
8. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the ''Times of London'' the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens_
9. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street.  While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-th.md) _Context: Athens_
10. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens_
