### [2016-06-14](/news/2016/06/14/index.md)

# An Egyptian Misdemeanor Court acquits 52 people charged with taking part in anti-government demonstrations in April. Thousands rallied on April 25 to protest the transfer of Red Sea islands Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. Police arrested nearly 300 demonstrators; government reports indicate all have been released from prison. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/egypt-acquits-52-held-april-protests-president-39838977)

### Related:

1. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-i.md) _Context: Red Sea, Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
2. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: A top Egyptian court rules against giving away the two Red Sea islands of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/01/16/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-a-top-egyptian-court-rules-against-giving-away-the-two-red-sea-islands-of-tiran-and-sanafir-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Red Sea, Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
3. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-an.md) _Context: Sanafir Island, Saudi Arabia, Tiran Island_
4. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: Egypt and Saudi Arabia reach an agreement on the disputed islands of Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, placing the formerly Egyptian-administered islands officially under Saudi Arabian sovereignty. ](/news/2016/04/9/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-reach-an-agreement-on-the-disputed-islands-of-tiran-island-and-sanafir-island-placin.md) _Context: Sanafir Island, Tiran Island_
5. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossin.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalitio.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Air-strikes by Saudi helicopter gunships on the Yemeni village of Bani Zela in Yemen's Red Sea border area with Saudi Arabia kill at least 25 people. ](/news/2015/09/27/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-air-strikes-by-saudi-helicopter-gunships-on-the-yemeni-village-of-bani-zela-in-yemen-s-red-sea-bord.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ The M/V al-Salam Boccaccio 98, a ferry carrying 1272 passengers and 105 crew, sinks in poor weather in the Red Sea while travelling between Saudi Arabia and Egypt. 314 people have been rescued so far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4676916.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2006/02/3/the-m-v-al-salam-boccaccio-98-a-ferry-carrying-1272-passengers-and-105-crew-sinks-in-poor-weather-in-the-red-sea-while-travelling-between.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Migrant crisis: At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Red Sea_
10. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
