### [2016-06-14](/news/2016/06/14/index.md)

# Hansjorg Haber, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. 




### Source:

1. [Prensa Latina](http://www.plenglish.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=4974181&Itemid=1)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-turkey-envoy-idUSKCN0Z00U9)

### Related:

1. [Turkey fails to meet the criteria set forth by the European Union in order to obtain visa-free travel to its member states. The EU promised to grant Turkey visa-free travel only if it met specific conditions on border security and human rights. ](/news/2016/06/15/turkey-fails-to-meet-the-criteria-set-forth-by-the-european-union-in-order-to-obtain-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-the-eu-promised.md) _Context: EU, European Union-Turkey relations, Turkey_
2. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
3. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
4. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
6. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
7. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
9. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
10. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
