### [2016-06-14](/news/2016/06/14/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. 

The D.C. primary came more than a week after Clinton was declared the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/hillary-clinton-projected-winner-washington-d-c-democratic-primary-n592416?cid=eml_nbn_20160614)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/06/17/ACLU-sues-Cleveland-over-GOP-convention-protest-restrictions/2391466190609/?spt=hs&or=tn_us)

### Related:

1. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Hillary Clinton is nominated as the Democratic Party candidate for this year's presidential election. She becomes the first woman ever to be nominated for president by a major party in the United States.](/news/2016/07/26/hillary-clinton-is-nominated-as-the-democratic-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election-she-becomes-the-first-woman-ever-to-be.md) _Context: 2016 Democratic National Convention, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [Voters in South Carolina go to the polls for the Democratic Party primary. Hillary Clinton won. ](/news/2016/02/27/voters-in-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-for-the-democratic-party-primary-hillary-clinton-won.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
