### [2016-06-14](/news/2016/06/14/index.md)

# United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". 

For almost 40 years, Rupert Murdoch’s newspaper has fought against European integration, so its call for a Leave vote is the culmination of its campaign


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2016/jun/14/the-suns-brexit-call-is-unsurprising-but-it-has-symbolic-significance)

### Related:

1. [Leveson Inquiry: Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-ru.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, The Sun_
2. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the "The Sun on Sunday" to replace the "News of the World", which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacking-c.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, The Sun_
3. [Rupert Murdoch tells staff at "The Sun" he will launch a Sunday edition of the newspaper, titled "The Sun on Sunday" "very soon". ](/news/2012/02/17/rupert-murdoch-tells-staff-at-the-sun-he-will-launch-a-sunday-edition-of-the-newspaper-titled-the-sun-on-sunday-very-soon.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, The Sun_
4. [Five journalists from "The Sun" are among eight people arrested in connection with allegations of corrupt payments to police. News International boss Rupert Murdoch says he is committed to the newspaper. ](/news/2012/02/11/five-journalists-from-the-sun-are-among-eight-people-arrested-in-connection-with-allegations-of-corrupt-payments-to-police-news-internati.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch, The Sun_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Brexit negotiations begin in Brussels. ](/news/2017/06/19/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-brexit-negotiations-begin-in-brussels.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Standard Life Investments suspends trading in its UK property fund, in response to increased withdrawal calls since the vote, to protect the interests of all investors in the fund. ](/news/2016/07/4/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-standard-life-investments-suspends-trading-in-its-uk-property-fund-in-response-to-increa.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [Fox News Channel controversies: 21st Century Fox announced that the head of Fox News, Roger Ailes, is resigning. Rupert Murdoch will replace him as interim Chief Executive and Chairman. ](/news/2016/07/21/fox-news-channel-controversies-21st-century-fox-announced-that-the-head-of-fox-news-roger-ailes-is-resigning-rupert-murdoch-will-replace.md) _Context: Rupert Murdoch_
9. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: In pro-EU rallies, thousands of people protest in London against the United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union and ask that Article 50 not be invoked. ](/news/2016/07/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-in-pro-eu-rallies-thousands-of-people-protest-in-london-against.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
