### [2015-09-26](/news/2015/09/26/index.md)

# A prominent Libyan Zuwarah militia leader and migrant smuggler, Salah Al-Maskhout, is reportedly killed in Tripoli by Italian special forces. The EU recently approved military action against people smuggling networks operating out of Libya. 

Libyan militia leader and alleged human smuggler reportedly killed by Italian special forces but relatives claim he is still alive and has nothing to do with smuggling


### Source:

1. [Malta Today](http://www.maltatoday.com.mt/news/world/57544/libyan_human_trafficker_reportedly_killed_by_italian_commandos#.VgaOr5dSJFQ)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present). The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya.md) _Context: European Union, Libya, Tripoli_
2. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is to boycott an African Union-European Union meeting in the Libyan capital Tripoli to "avoid embarrassment to Libya". ](/news/2010/11/28/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-is-to-boycott-an-african-union-european-union-meeting-in-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-to-avoid-embarrassmen.md) _Context: European Union, Libya, Tripoli_
3. [European Union-Libya relations. The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/european-union-libya-relations-the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: European Union, Libya_
4. [European migrant crisis. An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental.md) _Context: Libya, people smugglers_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
6. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
7. [European migrant crisis. Bodies of 117 people, including 75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/european-migrant-crisis-bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Zuwarah_
8. [European migrant crisis. At least 20 people drown in the southern Mediterranean Sea when a repurposed fishing boat sinks 35 nautical miles north of Zuwara, Libya. ](/news/2016/05/26/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-20-people-drown-in-the-southern-mediterranean-sea-when-a-repurposed-fishing-boat-sinks-35-nautical-miles-n.md) _Context: Libya, Zuwarah_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
10. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
