### [2015-09-26](/news/2015/09/26/index.md)

# Ahmad al-Faqi is transferred to the International Criminal Court to face trial for the war crime of directing the destruction of cultural sites in Timbuktu, Mali when the city was under the control of Islamist groups in 2012. 

A suspected Islamist charged with the war crime of destroying religious monuments in the Malian city of Timbuktu arrives at the International Criminal Court.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34368108)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Mali, destruction_
2. [The International Criminal Court sentences Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi to nine years in jail for leading the destruction of nine of Timbuktu's mausoleums and the centuries-old door of the Malian city's Sidi Yahya Mosque. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-international-criminal-court-sentences-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-to-nine-years-in-jail-for-leading-the-destruction-of-nine-of-timbuktu-s-ma.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Mali, Timbuktu_
3. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
4. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
5. [Ahmad al-Mahdi pleads guilty at the start of his trial before the International Criminal Court for the war crime of destroying cultural sites in Timbuktu. ](/news/2016/08/22/ahmad-al-mahdi-pleads-guilty-at-the-start-of-his-trial-before-the-international-criminal-court-for-the-war-crime-of-destroying-cultural-site.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Timbuktu_
6. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
7. [The United Nations mission in Mali confirms that the Malian armed forces had retaken a UN Police base in Timbuktu from unknown assailants that attacked it earlier in the day. ](/news/2016/02/5/the-united-nations-mission-in-mali-confirms-that-the-malian-armed-forces-had-retaken-a-un-police-base-in-timbuktu-from-unknown-assailants-th.md) _Context: Mali, Timbuktu_
8. [ Fourteen Sufi mausoleums in the city of Timbuktu in northern Mali have been rebuilt, three years after they were destroyed by Islamist militants from Ansar Dine group. ](/news/2015/07/19/fourteen-sufi-mausoleums-in-the-city-of-timbuktu-in-northern-mali-have-been-rebuilt-three-years-after-they-were-destroyed-by-islamist-mili.md) _Context: Mali, Timbuktu_
9. [An Arabian camel gifted to President of France Francois Hollande for liberating Mali is killed and stewed by a family in Timbuktu, in whose care Hollande had left it. ](/news/2013/04/10/an-arabian-camel-gifted-to-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-for-liberating-mali-is-killed-and-stewed-by-a-family-in-timbuktu-in-whose.md) _Context: Mali, Timbuktu_
10. [Islamists in Mali are reported to have resumed a campaign to destroy mausoleums that they consider idolatrous in the historic city of Timbuktu. ](/news/2012/12/23/islamists-in-mali-are-reported-to-have-resumed-a-campaign-to-destroy-mausoleums-that-they-consider-idolatrous-in-the-historic-city-of-timbuk.md) _Context: Mali, Timbuktu_
