### [2015-09-26](/news/2015/09/26/index.md)

# At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/25/us-armenia-azerbaijan-conflict-idUSKCN0RP2E420150925)
2. [Fox News](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2015/09/26/armenia-says-it-will-use-artillery-missiles-to-repel-azerbaijani-attacks/)

### Related:

1. [At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
2. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
3. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
4. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, 2014 Armenian-Azerbaijani line of contact clashes:Five more Azeri troops are killed in overnight fighting with ethnic Armenians in Nagorno-Karabakh. The casualties bring the death toll to at least 13 in a flare-up of violence over the last few days around Nagorno-Karabakh. Russia has said that any further escalation is unacceptable. ](/news/2014/08/2/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2014-armenianaazerbaijani-line-of-contact-clashes-pfive-more-azeri-troops-are-killed-in-overnight-fighting-with.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
5. [ 2009 Azerbaijan-Armenia negotiations in Munich: Azerbaijan and Armenia hold talks on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Azerbaijan has warned that the meeting of presidents in Munich will be "decisive" and that its troops are ready to take the territory by force unless there is a breakthrough in negotiations. ](/news/2009/11/22/2009-azerbaijan-armenia-negotiations-in-munich-azerbaijan-and-armenia-hold-talks-on-the-nagorno-karabakh-conflict-azerbaijan-has-warned-t.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
6. [ Armenian President Robert Kocharyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev agree to allow the residents of Nagorno-Karabakh to decide the region's future status through a popular vote. ](/news/2006/06/27/armenian-president-robert-kocharyan-and-azerbaijani-president-ilham-aliyev-agree-to-allow-the-residents-of-nagorno-karabakh-to-decide-the-r.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
7. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
8. [ Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-one-day-after-30-soldiers-died-the-associated-press-reports-reb.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
9. [Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successive-day-after-an-escalation-of-a-dispute-over-the-boundaries-between-azerbaijan.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
10. [Azeri tanks on the front line shell military positions in the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic for the first time since a Russian-brokered ceasefire ended fighting in 1994. At least one Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army soldier is killed. ](/news/2015/12/9/azeri-tanks-on-the-front-line-shell-military-positions-in-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-for-the-first-time-since-a-russian-brokere.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
