### [2015-09-26](/news/2015/09/26/index.md)

# Turkey-PKK conflict: Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. 

Kurdish rebels, civilians and soldiers killed after PKK launches attacks on security forces, authorities say.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/09/scores-killed-southeastern-turkey-clashes-150926142625145.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-t.md) _Context: Iraq, PKK, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
2. [Turkey-PKK conflict: An ambush on a Turkish military convoy in the south-eastern Sirnak Province by PKK militants kills 3 Turkish soldiers. ](/news/2015/07/30/turkey-pkk-conflict-an-ambush-on-a-turkish-military-convoy-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-by-pkk-militants-kills-3-turkish-soldie.md) _Context: PKK, Sirnak Province, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
3. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
6. [Turkey-PKK conflict: 2015 PKK rebellion: Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-pkk-rebellion-turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
7. [Turkey-PKK conflict: At least 17 PKK militants are reportedly killed following a Turkish military operation in the Kurdish-majority city of Silvan. ](/news/2015/10/2/turkey-pkk-conflict-at-least-17-pkk-militants-are-reportedly-killed-following-a-turkish-military-operation-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-o.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish troops_
8. [Turkey-PKK conflict: The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/turkey-pkk-conflict-the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-tur.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
9. [2015 Ankara bombings: Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK. ](/news/2015/10/10/2015-ankara-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict: 2015 PKK rebellion: Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-pkk-rebellion-four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-i.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey, Turkey-PKK conflict_
