### [2014-02-4](/news/2014/02/4/index.md)

# The New York City Police Department questions four suspected heroin dealers in connection with Philip Seymour Hoffman's death. 




### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2014/02/04/nypd-reportedly-questioning-4-suspected-heroin-dealers-in-connection-with-hoffman-death/)

### Related:

1. [An autopsy finds that American musician Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, an opioid painkiller 50 times more powerful than heroin. ](/news/2016/06/2/an-autopsy-finds-that-american-musician-prince-died-of-an-overdose-of-fentanyl-an-opioid-painkiller-50-times-more-powerful-than-heroin.md) _Context: heroin_
2. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: New York City Police Department_
3. [New York City Police and US federal agents arrest members of an international crime syndicate that have been selling cheap, but toxic, synthetic marijuana. In New York alone, 2,300 people have ended up in emergency rooms in the last two months. The seizure includes two warehouses full of synthetic drugs in the Bronx, one of the largest raids ever. ](/news/2015/09/16/new-york-city-police-and-us-federal-agents-arrest-members-of-an-international-crime-syndicate-that-have-been-selling-cheap-but-toxic-synth.md) _Context: New York City Police Department_
4. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: heroin_
5. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: heroin_
6. [American actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 for "Capote", is found dead in his Manhattan apartment at the age of 46. Authorities initially attributed the death to a drug overdose. ](/news/2014/02/2/american-actor-philip-seymour-hoffman-who-won-the-academy-award-for-best-actor-at-the-78th-academy-awards-in-2006-for-capote-is-found-de.md) _Context: Philip Seymour Hoffman_
7. [The British Columbia coroner's office reports that actor Cory Monteith died of an overdose of heroin and alcohol. ](/news/2013/07/16/the-british-columbia-coroner-s-office-reports-that-actor-cory-monteith-died-of-an-overdose-of-heroin-and-alcohol.md) _Context: heroin_
8. [A photo of New York City Counterterrorism Officer Lawrence DePrimo, 25, taken today by an Arizona woman and posted on the New York City Police Department's Facebook page, which shows him buying a (normally $100) pair of waterproof winter boots from Skechers for a homeless Times Square man on 42nd Street without any shoes, goes viral, with 1.6 million views and 275,000 likes. ](/news/2012/11/16/a-photo-of-new-york-city-counterterrorism-officer-lawrence-deprimo-25-taken-today-by-an-arizona-woman-and-posted-on-the-new-york-city-poli.md) _Context: New York City Police Department_
9. [The United States investigates dozens of its troops in Afghanistan in relation to use and distribution of heroin, morphine or other opiates during 2010 and 2011 as the U.S. military struggles to watch its far-flung troops and monitor for substance abuse. ](/news/2012/04/22/the-united-states-investigates-dozens-of-its-troops-in-afghanistan-in-relation-to-use-and-distribution-of-heroin-morphine-or-other-opiates.md) _Context: heroin_
10. [The United Nations says more cocaine is consumed in Scotland than any other country in the world, not the first time this has happened. The country also consumes more heroin than anywhere else in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-united-nations-says-more-cocaine-is-consumed-in-scotland-than-any-other-country-in-the-world-not-the-first-time-this-has-happened-the.md) _Context: heroin_
