### [2015-04-10](/news/2015/04/10/index.md)

# The Pakistani parliament votes not to join the Saudi led coalition in Yemen. 

Vote indicates country will not join Saudi-led military coalition but will &quot;stand shoulder to shoulder&quot; with kingdom.


### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/united-nations-warns-the-situation-in-yemen-continues-to-deteriorate/2714374.html)
2. [al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/04/pakistan-rules-military-operations-yemen-150410074921586.html)

### Related:

1. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Shellfire from Yemen kills two people over the border in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/05/26/shellfire-from-yemen-kills-two-people-over-the-border-in-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Heavy Saudi Arabian air strikes hit southern Yemen resulting in at least 20 deaths of Houthis soldiers and two members of rival militias. Saudi Arabia claims to have killed 500 rebels since the start of military operations in March. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/11/us-yemen-security-airstrikes-idUSKBN0N207I20150411 (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/11/middleeast/yemen-crisis-saudi-arabia/ (CNN)] India evacuates 5600 people including 960 foreign nationals from Yemen under "Operation Raahat". Several flights were allowed to take off and land in Yemen despite the no-fly zone declared on the country. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/11/world/asia/india-concludes-evacuation-of-its-citizens-from-yemen.html?nytmobile=0 "(NYT)"]](/news/2015/04/11/heavy-saudi-arabian-air-strikes-hit-southern-yemen-resulting-in-at-least-20-deaths-of-houthis-soldiers-and-two-members-of-rival-militias-sa.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
8. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
9. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
10. [Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
