### [2015-04-10](/news/2015/04/10/index.md)

# The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reaches an agreement with two petroleum industry groups about biofuel blending targets. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/10/usa-energy-biofuels-idUSL2N0X718B20150410)

### Related:

1. [John F. Kelly is selected as Secretary of Homeland Security. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/retired-marine-gen-john-f-kelly-picked-to-head-department-of-homeland-security/2016/12/07/165472f2-bbe6-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_kelly-1140a%3Ahomepage%2Fstory ("The Washington Post")]Linda McMahon is selected as Administrator of the Scott Pruitt is selected as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency](/news/2016/12/7/john-f-kelly-is-selected-as-secretary-of-homeland-security-https-www-washingtonpost-com-world-national-security-retired-marine-gen-john.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
2. [The United States Environmental Protection Agency issues new regulations aiming to cut carbon emissions in the US power sector by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. ](/news/2014/06/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-issues-new-regulations-aiming-to-cut-carbon-emissions-in-the-us-power-sector-by-30-percent.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
3. [The United States Environmental Protection Agency announces that BP has been suspended from bidding on future US government contracts as a result of the 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill. ](/news/2012/11/28/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-that-bp-has-been-suspended-from-bidding-on-future-us-government-contracts-as-a-r.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
4. [The United States Supreme Court overturned 8-0 a U.S. appeals court ruling against five big power utility companies, brought by U.S. states, New York City, and Land trusts, attempting to force cuts in United States greenhouse gas emissions regarding global warming. The decision gives deference to reasonable interpretations of the United States Clean Air Act by the Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2011/06/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-overturned-8-0-a-u-s-appeals-court-ruling-against-five-big-power-utility-companies-brought-by-u-s-states.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
5. [The Environmental Protection Agency delays its proposed rules for the United States for cutting pollution from industrial boilers used at oil refineries, chemical plants, paper mills and other factories. ](/news/2011/05/17/the-environmental-protection-agency-delays-its-proposed-rules-for-the-united-states-for-cutting-pollution-from-industrial-boilers-used-at-oi.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
6. [The United States Senate defeated a measure that would have banned the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating greenhouse gas emissions under the Clean Air Act (United States). The new regulations which began being applied early this year affect air polluters such as power plants and oil refineries, attempts to address climate change mitigation. ](/news/2011/04/6/the-united-states-senate-defeated-a-measure-that-would-have-banned-the-environmental-protection-agency-from-regulating-greenhouse-gas-emissi.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
7. [Republicans submit a bill to the U.S. congress that would prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating greenhouse gasses as pollutants.](/news/2011/03/3/republicans-submit-a-bill-to-the-u-s-congress-that-would-prohibit-the-environmental-protection-agency-from-regulating-greenhouse-gasses-as.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency_
8. [Computer security company McAfee says hackers based in the People's Republic of China have targeted computer networks of global oil companies and individuals in Kazakhstan, Taiwan, Greece, and the United States, to steal information starting in 2009. ](/news/2011/02/11/computer-security-company-mcafee-says-hackers-based-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-have-targeted-computer-networks-of-global-oil-companie.md) _Context: petroleum industry_
9. [ Brazilian oil company Petrobras and the People's Republic of China finalize a US$10-billion agreement. ](/news/2009/05/19/brazilian-oil-company-petrobras-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-finalize-a-us-10-billion-agreement.md) _Context: petroleum industry_
10. [ Four oil companies announce a plan to supply Europe with natural gas from Kurdistan, Iraq, via the Nabucco pipeline. ](/news/2009/05/17/four-oil-companies-announce-a-plan-to-supply-europe-with-natural-gas-from-kurdistan-iraq-via-the-nabucco-pipeline.md) _Context: petroleum industry_
