### [2011-06-16](/news/2011/06/16/index.md)

# Both houses of the Parliament of Australia vote to condemn a proposal to send asylum seekers to Malaysia. 

MPs pass a motion condemning the Malaysian asylum swap deal, a move which opens the way for Greens legislation that could scrap the proposal.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2011/06/16/3245289.htm)

### Related:

1. [South East Asian migrant crisis: The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/south-east-asian-migrant-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
2. [The High Court of Australia grants an injunction against the removal of asylum seekers to Malaysia until a full hearing later this month. ](/news/2011/08/8/the-high-court-of-australia-grants-an-injunction-against-the-removal-of-asylum-seekers-to-malaysia-until-a-full-hearing-later-this-month.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
3. [Asylum seekers at the Christmas Island Immigration Reception and Processing Centre off the Indian Ocean coast of Western Australia start a hunger strike in protest at their deportation to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/6/asylum-seekers-at-the-christmas-island-immigration-reception-and-processing-centre-off-the-indian-ocean-coast-of-western-australia-start-a-h.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
4. [The High Court of Australia rules against plans by the government of Australia to send 800 asylum seekers to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/31/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-against-plans-by-the-government-of-australia-to-send-800-asylum-seekers-to-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
5. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Malaysia_
7. [Piracy in the Sulu Sea: Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/piracy-in-the-sulu-sea-indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-north-korea-relations-malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysia recalls its ambassador from North Korea amid an ongoing dispute over the alleged assassination of Kim Jong-nam by North Korean agents in the country. ](/news/2017/02/20/malaysia-north-korea-relations-death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysia-recalls-its-ambassador-from-north-korea-amid-an-ongoing-dispute-over-the-a.md) _Context: Malaysia_
