### [2011-06-16](/news/2011/06/16/index.md)

# U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2011/06/16/137225834/live-blog-rep-weiners-news-conference)

### Related:

1. [U.S. House Representative Anthony Weiner of New York admits sending a risqu picture of himself to a college student on Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/6/u-s-house-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-admits-sending-a-risque-picture-of-himself-to-a-college-student-on-twitter.md) _Context: Anthony Weiner, New York, United States House of Representatives, tweets_
2. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S. President_
6. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, tweets_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama is falsely declared dead by the Twitter account of the U.S. broadcaster Fox News in a series of messages stating, "@BarackObama has just passed. The President is dead" and "BREAKING NEWS: @BarackObama assassinated, 2 gunshot wounds have proved too much". Hackers are blamed though the messages remain online several hours later.  ](/news/2011/07/4/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-is-falsely-declared-dead-by-the-twitter-account-of-the-u-s-broadcaster-fox-news-in-a-series-of.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, tweets_
9. [Kathy Hochul, the Democratic Party candidate, wins a special election to represent New York's 26th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/05/24/kathy-hochul-the-democratic-party-candidate-wins-a-special-election-to-represent-new-york-s-26th-congressional-district-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Democratic, New York, United States House of Representatives_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. ](/news/2011/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-addresses-the-nation-about-the-2011-tucson-shooting-following-a-visit-to-representative-gabr.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
