### [2009-07-6](/news/2009/07/6/index.md)

#  A Government delegation including hostage negotiators, led by Ireland's Ambassador to Egypt Gerard Corr continue efforts in Khartoum to locate two Irish and Ugandan aid workers who were kidnapped in Sudan. 

A team of diplomats and negotiators are seeking to locate an Irish aid worker and her Ugandan colleague who have been kidnapped in Darfur.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0706/comminss.html)

### Related:

1. [Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda sign an agreement to seek more water from the Nile, a move opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Kenya issues a support statement. ](/news/2010/05/14/ethiopia-rwanda-tanzania-and-uganda-sign-an-agreement-to-seek-more-water-from-the-nile-a-move-opposed-by-egypt-and-sudan-kenya-issues-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Sudan, Uganda_
2. [ Ambassadors from Ireland and Uganda, along with the Sudanese minister overseeing negotiations, visit Al-Fashir in a renewed effort to win the freedom of aid workers Sharon Cummins and Hilda Kawuki, kidnapped since 3 July. ](/news/2009/10/7/ambassadors-from-ireland-and-uganda-along-with-the-sudanese-minister-overseeing-negotiations-visit-al-fashir-in-a-renewed-effort-to-win-t.md) _Context: Ireland, Sudan, Uganda_
3. [ Two foreign aid workers Sharon Commins and Hilda Kawuki &ndash; one Irish and one Ugandan &ndash; working for the GOAL charity captured in Sudan's Darfur region more than three months ago are released. ](/news/2009/10/18/two-foreign-aid-workers-sharon-commins-and-hilda-kawuki-ndash-one-irish-and-one-ugandan-ndash-working-for-the-goal-charity-captured-in.md) _Context: Ireland, Sudan, Uganda_
4. [ Ireland's Minister for Foreign Affairs Michel Martin travels to Khartoum for meetings with the Sudanese government over the kidnapping of aid workers Sharon Commins and Hilda Kawuki nine weeks ago. ](/news/2009/09/5/ireland-s-minister-for-foreign-affairs-micheal-martin-travels-to-khartoum-for-meetings-with-the-sudanese-government-over-the-kidnapping-of.md) _Context: Ireland, Khartoum, Sudan_
5. [ Sharon Commins, an aid worker kidnapped with a Ugandan colleague in Sudan, makes contact with her family in Ireland for the first time in several weeks. ](/news/2009/09/11/sharon-commins-an-aid-worker-kidnapped-with-a-ugandan-colleague-in-sudan-makes-contact-with-her-family-in-ireland-for-the-first-time-in-s.md) _Context: Ireland, Sudan, Uganda_
6. [ Sudan confirms negotiations are underway to free the kidnapped Irish and Ugandan aid workers Sharon Commins and Hilda Kawuki. ](/news/2009/07/9/sudan-confirms-negotiations-are-underway-to-free-the-kidnapped-irish-and-ugandan-aid-workers-sharon-commins-and-hilda-kawuki.md) _Context: Ireland, Sudan, Uganda_
7. [ Vice-President John Garang of Sudan, a central figure in the new peace deal ending the Second Sudanese Civil War, is reported dead with 13 other people in an aircraft crash near the Uganda-Sudan border. (Wikinews), [http://today.reuters.com/business/newsarticle.aspx?type=tnBusinessNews&storyID=nL01249504&imageid=&cap= (Reuters)], [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/africa/07/31/sudan.garang.reut/ (CNN)], [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20050801/ap_on_re_mi_ea/sudan_plane_missing (AP via Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) Deadly riots erupt in Khartoum after Garang's death. [http://today.reuters.com/News/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-08-01T165844Z_01_L0128099_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-SUDAN-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 02:29, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/1/vice-president-john-garang-of-sudan-a-central-figure-in-the-new-peace-deal-ending-the-second-sudanese-civil-war-is-reported-dead-with-13.md) _Context: Khartoum, Sudan, Uganda_
8. [Thousands of Sudanese students take to the streets around the University of Kordofan in Khartoum and other parts of the country to protest the recent killing of students last Monday. Security forces opened fire on a peaceful protest, killing many students after they attempted to nominate pro-opposition candidates for their campus elections. ](/news/2016/04/22/thousands-of-sudanese-students-take-to-the-streets-around-the-university-of-kordofan-in-khartoum-and-other-parts-of-the-country-to-protest-t.md) _Context: Khartoum, Sudan_
9. [Gunmen in Egypt's western desert province of New Valley Governorate attack a military checkpoint, killing at least 21 soldiers. Egypt reportedly declares a state of emergency on its border with Sudan. ](/news/2014/07/19/gunmen-in-egypt-s-western-desert-province-of-new-valley-governorate-attack-a-military-checkpoint-killing-at-least-21-soldiers-egypt-report.md) _Context: Egypt, Sudan_
10. [2012 Anti-Islam film protests:Protesters angered by an anti-Islamic film denigrating the Prophet Muhammad attack the German and British embassies in the Sudanese capital of Khartoum. In Khartoum, Tunis and Cairo, at least seven people die. An Egyptian fruit seller dies by rubber bullets. ](/news/2012/09/14/2012-anti-islam-film-protests-pprotesters-angered-by-an-anti-islamic-film-denigrating-the-prophet-muhammad-attack-the-german-and-british-emb.md) _Context: Khartoum, Sudan_
