### [2009-07-6](/news/2009/07/6/index.md)

#  Iran says it will hold the US responsible for any Israeli attack against their country, in response to US Vice President Joe Biden's claim that the US will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. 

US vice-president Joe Biden says Iran nuclear issue for Israel to decide how to fix.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2009/07/20097633411395606.html)

### Related:

1. [ US Vice President Joe Biden says in an ABC interview that Washington will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iran. ](/news/2009/07/5/us-vice-president-joe-biden-says-in-an-abc-interview-that-washington-will-not-interfere-in-an-israeli-attack-on-iran.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Joe Biden, United States of America_
2. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
3. [Daniel B. Shapiro, United States ambassador to Israel, says that the United States "is ready" to attack Iran to prevent the development of nuclear weapons within Iran. ](/news/2012/05/17/daniel-b-shapiro-united-states-ambassador-to-israel-says-that-the-united-states-is-ready-to-attack-iran-to-prevent-the-development-of-n.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
4. [British Defence Secretary Liam Fox says that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and that the assessment of Meir Dagan, outgoing director of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad, that Iran would not be able to produce a nuclear bomb before 2015 could be overly optimistic; Iran rejects Fox's remarks.](/news/2011/01/31/british-defence-secretary-liam-fox-says-that-iran-could-have-a-nuclear-weapon-by-next-year-and-that-the-assessment-of-meir-dagan-outgoing-d.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
5. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, nuclear scientist_
6. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
7. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-wit.md) _Context: Israel, Joe Biden_
9. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing: An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
10. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
