### [2010-08-15](/news/2010/08/15/index.md)

# Accused Craiglist killer Philip Markoff is found dead in prison in the U.S. state of Massachusetts after apparently committing suicide. 

A US man accused of murdering a woman he met through the classified ads on the Craigslist website is found dead in prison.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10982053)

### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Massachusetts, U.S. state_
2. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: U.S. state_
3. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
4. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
5. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: U.S. state_
6. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
7. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
8. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
10. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
