### [2010-08-15](/news/2010/08/15/index.md)

# Daniel Skahan, a 29-year-old from Ottawa, is charged 5,000 $ for mischief and possession of incendiary materials, for his role in setting a fire just outside of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's home. 




### Source:

1. [The Star](http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/stephenharper/article/848132--charges-laid-over-fire-set-outside-gate-to-pm-s-residence)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
2. [ Two Tupolev Tu-95 bombers are intercepted by two Canadian CF-18's near Canada's airspace hours before United States President Barack Obama arrives in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2009/02/19/two-tupolev-tu-95-bombers-are-intercepted-by-two-canadian-cf-18-s-near-canada-s-airspace-hours-before-united-states-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Canadian, Ottawa_
3. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
4. [ The 39th Canadian Parliament opens in Ottawa, with the Speech from the Throne delivered by the Governor General on behalf of the newly elected government of Stephen Harper. ](/news/2006/04/4/the-39th-canadian-parliament-opens-in-ottawa-with-the-speech-from-the-throne-delivered-by-the-governor-general-on-behalf-of-the-newly-elec.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
5. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017: The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [Ontario Provincial Police charge a former Canadian nurse, Elizabeth Tracy Mae Wettlaufer, in Woodstock, Ontario, with killing eight elderly patients between August 2007 and August 2014 at two Caressant Care Nursing and Retirement Homes facilities. ](/news/2016/10/25/ontario-provincial-police-charge-a-former-canadian-nurse-elizabeth-tracy-mae-wettlaufer-in-woodstock-ontario-with-killing-eight-elderly.md) _Context: Canadian_
8. [A plane crash near Kelowna, BC, kills Canadian politician and former Premier of Alberta Jim Prentice along with three others. ](/news/2016/10/13/a-plane-crash-near-kelowna-bc-kills-canadian-politician-and-former-premier-of-alberta-jim-prentice-along-with-three-others.md) _Context: Canadian_
9. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ottawa_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq: Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq-s ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operati.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
