### [2010-08-15](/news/2010/08/15/index.md)

# General David Petraeus expresses doubt during an interview on American television that the United States will be able to definitely begin withdrawing from Afghanistan in 2011. 

The new US commander in Afghanistan, Gen David Petraeus, says US forces will only begin withdrawing in 2011 if conditions allow.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-10980473)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/08/2010815135517198987.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):US General David Petraeus hands over command of NATO forces in Afghanistan to United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General John R. Allen. ](/news/2011/07/18/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pus-general-david-petraeus-hands-over-command-of-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-to-united-states-marine-corp.md) _Context: Afghan, David Petraeus, General_
2. [Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in ''Rolling Stone'', a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. ](/news/2010/07/9/two-weeks-after-the-sacking-of-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-over-comments-that-appeared-in-rolling-stone-a-top-french-general-is-attac.md) _Context: Afghan, General, U.S._
3. [Afghan rights group Afghanistan Rights Monitor (ARM) releases its report stating that 2010 has been the most violent in the landlocked country since the United States led an invasion in 2001, though notes a reduction in airstrikes - a policy favoured by former General Stanley A. McChrystal - has led to less civilian deaths via this method in 2010. ](/news/2010/07/12/afghan-rights-group-afghanistan-rights-monitor-arm-releases-its-report-stating-that-2010-has-been-the-most-violent-in-the-landlocked-count.md) _Context: Afghan, General, U.S._
4. [General Stanley A. McChrystal, the top United States commander in Afghanistan, apologises for an article in ''Rolling Stone'' magazine in which he criticised senior members of the Obama administration. McChrystal is later summoned to Washington, D.C. for talks with Obama. ](/news/2010/06/22/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-the-top-united-states-commander-in-afghanistan-apologises-for-an-article-in-rolling-stone-magazine-in-wh.md) _Context: Afghan, General, U.S._
5. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghan, U.S._
6. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghan, U.S._
7. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Afghan, U.S._
8. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghan, U.S._
9. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghan, U.S._
10. [The United States Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford arrived in Iraq to discuss the ongoing battle against ISIS. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-united-states-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-marine-corps-general-joseph-dunford-arrived-in-iraq-to-discuss-the-ongoing-battle-a.md) _Context: General, U.S._
