### [2010-08-15](/news/2010/08/15/index.md)

# Golfer Martin Kaymer of Germany wins the United States PGA Championship at the Whistling Straits course in Wisconsin beating US golfer Bubba Watson in a three hole playoff. 

Martin Kaymer has emerged last man standing after a dramatic and controversial finish to the PGA Championship in Wisconsin.


### Source:

1. [AAP via the Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/sport/golf/martin-kaymer-wins-pga-title-20100816-125i7.html)

### Related:

1. [In golf, Martin Kaymer of Germany wins the U.S. Open by eight strokes for his second career major championship. ](/news/2014/06/15/in-golf-martin-kaymer-of-germany-wins-the-u-s-open-by-eight-strokes-for-his-second-career-major-championship.md) _Context: Germany, Martin Kaymer, golf_
2. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
3. [  American Jimmy Walker wins the 98th PGA Championship, his first major championship. ](/news/2016/07/31/american-jimmy-walker-wins-the-98th-pga-championship-his-first-major-championship.md) _Context: PGA Championship, U.S._
4. [American agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology company Monsanto rejects an unsolicited $62 billion takeover bid by German pharmaceutical giant Bayer, saying the price was too low but adding that it remained "open to further talks." ](/news/2016/05/24/american-agrochemical-and-agricultural-biotechnology-company-monsanto-rejects-an-unsolicited-62-billion-takeover-bid-by-german-pharmaceutic.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
5. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: U.S., Wisconsin_
6. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
8. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: U.S., Wisconsin_
9. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
10. [A U.S. major general Harold J. Greene is killed, and a German brigadier general and several American troops are among the 15 wounded, in a attack by an Afghan soldier gunman - who was killed by Afghan soldiers - at Kabul's Marshal Fahim National Defense University. ](/news/2014/08/5/a-u-s-major-general-harold-j-greene-is-killed-and-a-german-brigadier-general-and-several-american-troops-are-among-the-15-wounded-in-a-a.md) _Context: Germany, U.S._
