### [2003-10-16](/news/2003/10/16/index.md)

#  Apple launches its iTunes Music Store, an online download music store, for the Microsoft Windows platform. The iTunes software can be downloaded from [http://www.apple.com/ apple.com] for free.




### Related:

1. [A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and-demand-payment-in-bitcoin.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
2. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
3. [ Computer worm Conficker infects more than eight million Microsoft Windows-based personal computers. ](/news/2009/01/16/computer-worm-conficker-infects-more-than-eight-million-microsoft-windows-based-personal-computers.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
4. [ Windows Vista, the latest version of the Microsoft Windows operating system is released worldwide to consumers. Several security flaws are detected within the first few hours of its release. ](/news/2007/01/30/windows-vista-the-latest-version-of-the-microsoft-windows-operating-system-is-released-worldwide-to-consumers-several-security-flaws-are.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
5. [ Competing software manufacturers Microsoft and Novell hold a [http://www.novell.com/linux/microsoft/webcast.html press conference] to [http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2006/nov06/11-02MSNovellPR.mspx announce a collaboration] on technologies for inter operation between Microsoft's Windows and Novell's SUSE Linux operating systems.](/news/2006/11/2/competing-software-manufacturers-microsoft-and-novell-hold-a-http-www-novell-com-linux-microsoft-webcast-html-press-conference-to-http.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
6. [ Jon Lech Johansen claims to have reverse engineered the FairPlay copy protection used by Apple's iPod and iTunes Store. ](/news/2006/10/25/jon-lech-johansen-claims-to-have-reverse-engineered-the-fairplay-copy-protection-used-by-apple-s-ipod-and-itunes-store.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
7. [ Apple Computer announces a recall of 1.8 million batteries for its PowerBook G4 and iBook G4 models. ](/news/2006/08/24/apple-computer-announces-a-recall-of-1-8-million-batteries-for-its-powerbook-g4-and-ibook-g4-models.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
8. [ Judgement is given in London for Apple Computer in a high-profile trademark suit brought by The Beatles' company, Apple Corps. ](/news/2006/05/8/judgement-is-given-in-london-for-apple-computer-in-a-high-profile-trademark-suit-brought-by-the-beatles-company-apple-corps.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
9. [ The California court of appeal heard oral arguments over bloggers' challenges to an effort by Apple Computer to force the ISP of an Apple news site to hand over the email records of bloggers it claims revealed trade secrets. ](/news/2006/04/21/the-california-court-of-appeal-heard-oral-arguments-over-bloggers-challenges-to-an-effort-by-apple-computer-to-force-the-isp-of-an-apple-n.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
10. [ The Beatles' record label Apple Corps accuse Apple Computer in court of breaching a trademark agreement by operating their iTunes Music Store. ](/news/2006/03/29/the-beatles-record-label-apple-corps-accuse-apple-computer-in-court-of-breaching-a-trademark-agreement-by-operating-their-itunes-music-sto.md) _Context: Apple Computer_
