### [2003-10-16](/news/2003/10/16/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council unanimously approves a new US resolution on Iraq. Russia, Germany and France back the resolution but will not provide troops or money. A survey indicates poor morale amongst the US troops serving in Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: Four U.S. Army soldiers, including 1st. Lt. Jack M. Saville and Sgt. Tracy Perkins, are charged with offenses ranging up to involuntary manslaughter in the January 3 drowning death of an Iraqi detainee whom they reportedly forced to leap into the Tigris from atop a bridge in Samarra. ](/news/2004/07/2/occupation-of-iraq-four-u-s-army-soldiers-including-1st-lt-jack-m-saville-and-sgt-tracy-perkins-are-charged-with-offenses-ranging-u.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
2. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: The UN Security Council reaches a compromise agreement on the draft resolution on Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-the-un-security-council-reaches-a-compromise-agreement-on-the-draft-resolution-on-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, UN Security Council_
3. [ Iraq Occupation and resistance: The United States formally hands over legal custody of Saddam Hussein to the new Iraqi government. The trial of Saddam Hussein is expected to take place in January. ](/news/2004/06/30/iraq-occupation-and-resistance-the-united-states-formally-hands-over-legal-custody-of-saddam-hussein-to-the-new-iraqi-government-the-tria.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
4. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 20 people are killed in the town of Falluja as up to 50 gunmen attack government buildings, in one of the largest guerrilla attacks so far seen in Iraq.](/news/2004/02/14/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-20-people-are-killed-in-the-town-of-falluja-as-up-to-50-gunmen-attack-government-buildings-in-one-of-the-larg.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: South Korea's parliament on Friday approves sending 3,000 troops to Iraq, responding to a call from the United States for military help in restoring stability to Iraq.](/news/2004/02/13/occupation-of-iraq-south-korea-s-parliament-on-friday-approves-sending-3-000-troops-to-iraq-responding-to-a-call-from-the-united-states-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: In the heaviest single loss for the coalition troops since cessation of the military campaign in Iraq two US Chinook helicopters are fired on by two surface-to-air missiles and one crashes near Fallujah and on its way to Baghdad airport; 16 soldiers are killed and 20 wounded. A blast damages an oil pipeline near Kirkuk, north of Baghdad.](/news/2003/11/2/occupation-of-iraq-in-the-heaviest-single-loss-for-the-coalition-troops-since-cessation-of-the-military-campaign-in-iraq-two-us-chinook-he.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: Some in the international community have rejected a revised United States draft United Nations Security Council resolution concerning Iraq (calling for a multinational force of peacekeeping troops in Iraq under American command; transferring power gradually to elected civilian rule [though there is no handover timetable for sovereignty]). The resolution is being supported by the United Kingdom. France, Germany, and Russia (which opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq) have joined Kofi Annan in opposing the resolution. Annan states that the United Nations itself will not become heavily involved unless there are early moves toward passing sovereignty to the Iraqi people. Annan's stance is similar to that of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II and some members of the European Union.](/news/2003/10/6/occupation-of-iraq-some-in-the-international-community-have-rejected-a-revised-united-states-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolut.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
