
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-politician-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-politician-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-politician-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid.xml)  

### [2018-01-28](/news/2018/01/28/index.md)

# Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest rally in Moscow. His arrest comes shortly after police raid the headquarters of his unregistered Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while police say they were looking for a bomb. 

Police seize Russian opposition leader at rally calling for boycott of March presidential election


### Sources:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-election-navalny-release/russian-opposition-leader-navalny-released-after-rally-lawyer-idUSKBN1FH0X4)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/jan/28/russian-police-raid-alexi-navalnys-office-on-day-of-anti-putin-rallies)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/3e4bf578a3ec5199f48e359a8da3c611730a2088/0_0_4867_2920/master/4867.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxOC8wMS8xOC9mYWNlYm9va19kZWZhdWx0LnBuZw&amp;s=9dc370b7cedb9694acf1cf62712ca250)

### Changes:

1. [Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest in Moscow. His arrest came shortly after police raided the headquarters of his Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-leader-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-in-moscow-his-arrest-came-shortly-after-police-raided-the-headq.md) _2018-01-28 22:30:17 (First version)_
2. [Russian opposition figure Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest in Moscow. His arrest came shortly after police raided the headquarters of his Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while Police said they were looking for a bomb. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-figure-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-in-moscow-his-arrest-came-shortly-after-police-raided-the-headq.md) _2018-01-29 00:30:14 (Update)_
3. [Russian opposition figure Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest rally in Moscow. His arrest came shortly after police raided the headquarters of his unregistered Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while police said they were looking for a bomb. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-figure-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-came-shortly-after-police-raided-the.md) _2018-01-29 07:30:17 (Update)_
4. [Russian opposition figure Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest rally in Moscow. His arrest comes shortly after police raid the headquarters of his unregistered Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while police say they were looking for a bomb. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-figure-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid-the.md) _2018-01-29 12:30:24 (Update)_
4. [Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny is arrested by police at a protest rally in Moscow. His arrest comes shortly after police raid the headquarters of his unregistered Progress Party in an apparent attempt to disrupt online broadcasts of opposition rallies against Vladimir Putin, while police say they were looking for a bomb. ](/news/2018/01/28/russian-opposition-politician-alexei-navalny-is-arrested-by-police-at-a-protest-rally-in-moscow-his-arrest-comes-shortly-after-police-raid.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Russian opposition leader and hopeful presidential candidate Alexei Navalny is sentenced in Moscow to 20 days detention for organizing unauthorized public meetings. This is Navalny's third jail term this year. ](/news/2017/10/2/russian-opposition-leader-and-hopeful-presidential-candidate-alexei-navalny-is-sentenced-in-moscow-to-20-days-detention-for-organizing-unaut.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Moscow, Russia, arrested_
2. [Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is formally barred by the Central Election Commission from his running in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/06/23/russian-opposition-leader-alexei-navalny-is-formally-barred-by-the-central-election-commission-from-his-running-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: Alexei Navalny, Russia, arrested, opposition rallies_
3. [Russian police arrest prominent opposition leaders at a rally against President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. ](/news/2012/12/15/russian-police-arrest-prominent-opposition-leaders-at-a-rally-against-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin, police_
4. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
