### [2012-02-28](/news/2012/02/28/index.md)

# 2011-2012 Syrian uprising:The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navanethem Pillay calls for an immediate ceasefire and demands humanitarian access. 

UN rights chief condemns attacks on civilians and demands humanitarian access, prompting walkout by Syrian envoy.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/02/2012228133045264452.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-17192278)
3. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/news/middle-east/UN-Assads-Crackdown-Has-Killed-Well-Over-7500-People-140807773.html)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navanethem Pillay accuses Sri Lanka's Armed Forces and the Tamil Tigers of possible war crimes. ](/news/2009/03/13/united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navanethem-pillay-accuses-sri-lanka-s-armed-forces-and-the-tamil-tigers-of-possible-war-c.md) _Context: Navanethem Pillay, United Nations, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights_
2. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian uprising:A United Nations backed deadline for withdrawal of Syrian army troops and weapons passes, with no end to the violence. ](/news/2012/04/10/syrian-uprising-pa-united-nations-backed-deadline-for-withdrawal-of-syrian-army-troops-and-weapons-passes-with-no-end-to-the-violence.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, United Nations_
4. [Arab Spring:Syrian uprising: At least 45 women and children are killed and burned in Homs after the United Nations visited Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to discuss the uprising. ](/news/2012/03/10/arab-spring-psyrian-uprising-at-least-45-women-and-children-are-killed-and-burned-in-homs-after-the-united-nations-visited-syrian-president.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, United Nations_
5. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising:United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls on the Syrian regime to "stop killing its own people". ](/news/2012/01/15/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-punited-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-calls-on-the-syrian-regime-to-stop-killing-its-own-people.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, United Nations_
6. [ Navanethem Pillay is appointed to succeed Louise Arbour as the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. ](/news/2008/07/28/navanethem-pillay-is-appointed-to-succeed-louise-arbour-as-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Navanethem Pillay, United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
