### [2012-02-28](/news/2012/02/28/index.md)

# A United States Department of Defense report finds that the partial remains of the victims of the September 11 attacks ended up at a military landfill site. 

A report by the Pentagon finds that partial remains of some 9/11 victims ended up in a military landfill site after being cremated at a US air base.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-17195894)

### Related:

1. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: U.S. military_
2. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: U.S. military_
3. [The Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the-u-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. military_
4. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-fr.md) _Context: U.S. military_
5. [China-United States relations: The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: U.S. military_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-no.md) _Context: U.S. military_
7. [Yemeni Crisis: The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/yemeni-crisis-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-f.md) _Context: U.S. military_
8. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
9. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
