### [2012-02-28](/news/2012/02/28/index.md)

# Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. 

Belarus on Tuesday told the ambassador of the European Union and that of Poland to leave the country and recalled its own envoys from Brussels and Warsaw, sparking anger in the EU and plunging relations between Minsk and the 27-member bloc to a new low.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/28/us-belarus-eu-idUSTRE81R1P520120228)

### Related:

1. [ Poland recalls its ambassador to Belarus and demands that the European Union impose sanctions after Belarusian police storms the offices of the country's Polish minority ](/news/2005/07/28/poland-recalls-its-ambassador-to-belarus-and-demands-that-the-european-union-impose-sanctions-after-belarusian-police-storms-the-offices-of.md) _Context: Belarus, European Union, Polish, sanctions_
2. [Poland in the European Union. The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
3. [Law of Poland. Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
4. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
5. [Cuba-European Union relations. Cuba and the European Union sign an accord in Brussels to normalize relations, formally ending the Common Position which was adopted by the Council of the European Union in 1996. ](/news/2016/12/12/cuba-european-union-relations-cuba-and-the-european-union-sign-an-accord-in-brussels-to-normalize-relations-formally-ending-the-common-p.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
6. [2016 Warsaw summit. NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-cont.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
7. [2016 Warsaw summit. NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments.md) _Context: Polish, Warsaw_
8. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. Belgian Minister of Transportation Jacqueline Galant resigns in the wake of the recent bombings that shook Brussels last March. Galant resigned amid accusations her ministry ignored EU criticism of security at Belgium's airports. ](/news/2016/04/15/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-belgian-minister-of-transportation-jacqueline-galant-resigns-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-bombings-tha.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
9. [European migrant crisis. Enlargement of the European Union. The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/european-migrant-crisis-enlargement-of-the-european-union-the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-m.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
10. [European migrant crisis. Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways.md) _Context: Brussels, European Union_
