### [2007-07-9](/news/2007/07/9/index.md)

#  Lal Masjid siege: An attempt to negotiate a peaceful end to the seven-day standoff at Islamabad's Red Mosque ends without any progress. 




### Source:

1. [Al jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/628DFB93-8F23-49C3-A56E-EBD006B0D607.htm)

### Related:

1. [ An explosion near the Red Mosque in the Pakistani capital Islamabad kills at least 10 people. The attack came on the first anniversary of the deadly siege and storming of the Red Mosque. ](/news/2008/07/6/an-explosion-near-the-red-mosque-in-the-pakistani-capital-islamabad-kills-at-least-10-people-the-attack-came-on-the-first-anniversary-of-t.md) _Context: Islamabad, Red Mosque_
2. [ Lal Masjid clashes: At least seven people have been killed in clashes between security forces and militant students at a mosque in the Pakistani capital Islamabad. ](/news/2007/07/3/lal-masjid-clashes-at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-security-forces-and-militant-students-at-a-mosque-in-the-paki.md) _Context: Islamabad, Red Mosque_
3. [ Pakistani forces storm the Lal Masjid Mosque in Islamabad, bringing the Lal Masjid siege to an end. At least 3 soldiers and 40 militants die in the assault. [http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSISL18833720070710?feedType=RSS (Reuters)] [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,288736,00.html (FOX)]. Abdul Rashid Ghazi, a top clerics was confirmed dead according to Interior ministry sources.](/news/2007/07/10/pakistani-forces-storm-the-lal-masjid-mosque-in-islamabad-bringing-the-lal-masjid-siege-to-an-end-at-least-3-soldiers-and-40-militants-di.md) _Context: Islamabad, Lal Masjid siege_
4. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad_
5. [Corruption in Pakistan. Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/corruption-in-pakistan-over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
6. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad_
7. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
8. [Taliban insurgency. Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad_
9. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad_
10. [Taunsa Sharif bombing. A suicide bomb kills at least seven people and injures 13 others in Pakistan-s Punjab province inside the political office of Pakistan Muslim League MNA Sardar Amjad Farooq Khan Khosa, who was not present. Sardar Khosa, who is attending a meeting in Islamabad, said he did not receive any threat or alert prior to the blast. A Taliban splinter group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/10/14/taunsa-sharif-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-seven-people-and-injures-13-others-in-pakistan-s-punjab-province-inside-the-political.md) _Context: Islamabad_
