### [1999-12-14](/news/1999/12/14/index.md)

#  Algerian Ahmed Ressam was arrested while crossing the Canada-United States border at Port Angeles, Washington when United States Customs found explosives in the trunk of his automobile. The arrest caused fears of a terrorist attack in the United States and was a major factor in the cancellation of a public New Year's celebration in Seattle. Ressam was later convicted in a plot to bomb Los Angeles International Airport on New Year's Eve.




### Related:

1. [The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules that a 22 year sentence given to Ahmed Ressam for attempting to bomb the Los Angeles International Airport as part of the 2000 millennium attack plots was too light. ](/news/2012/03/12/the-9th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-a-22-year-sentence-given-to-ahmed-ressam-for-attempting-to-bomb-the-los-angeles-internation.md) _Context: 2000 millennium attack plots, Ahmed Ressam, Los Angeles International Airport_
2. [Bertha, once the world's largest tunnel boring machine, completes its 9,270|ft|m|adj=mid|-long tunnel under Seattle, Washington, after four years of digging and a lengthy delay near the beginning of the project. ](/news/2017/04/4/bertha-once-the-world-s-largest-tunnel-boring-machine-completes-its-9-270-ft-m-adj-mid-long-tunnel-under-seattle-washington-after-four.md) _Context: Seattle_
3. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Seattle_
4. [Severe storms in southern California prompt flash flood warnings over most of southern and central California, toppling trees and power lines, and delaying over 300 flights from Los Angeles International Airport. Since the largest El Nino of 1997-98 and 2009-10.](/news/2017/02/17/severe-storms-in-southern-california-prompt-flash-flood-warnings-over-most-of-southern-and-central-california-toppling-trees-and-power-line.md) _Context: Los Angeles International Airport_
5. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing ''F/V Destination'', a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-ala.md) _Context: Seattle_
6. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Seattle_
7. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Seattle_
8. [Two people are killed and three others are hospitalized, two with life-threatening injuries, following a shooting in the "The Jungle" homeless encampment in the U.S. city of Seattle. Police are searching for two suspects. ](/news/2016/01/26/two-people-are-killed-and-three-others-are-hospitalized-two-with-life-threatening-injuries-following-a-shooting-in-the-the-jungle-homele.md) _Context: Seattle_
9. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Seattle_
10. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: Seattle_
