### [2008-02-13](/news/2008/02/13/index.md)

#  The Swedish government rejects the Nord Stream underwater natural gas pipeline from Russia to Germany. 




### Source:

1. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/9964/20080212/)

### Related:

1. [Gazprom completes building the second leg of the Nord Stream natural gas pipeline connecting Russia, Germany and neighbouring countries. ](/news/2012/08/29/gazprom-completes-building-the-second-leg-of-the-nord-stream-natural-gas-pipeline-connecting-russia-germany-and-neighbouring-countries.md) _Context: Germany, Nord Stream, Russia_
2. [Russia starts commercial natural gas deliveries to Central Europe via the Nord Stream, the world's longest submerged pipeline. ](/news/2011/11/8/russia-starts-commercial-natural-gas-deliveries-to-central-europe-via-the-nord-stream-the-world-s-longest-submerged-pipeline.md) _Context: Nord Stream, Russia, pipeline_
3. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin questions the commitment of the European Union to the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline to establish a natural gas delivery network from his country to Europe. A European Commission spokesman responds, "The EU continues to strongly support the Nord Stream pipeline". ](/news/2008/11/13/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-questions-the-commitment-of-the-european-union-to-the-construction-of-the-nord-stream-pipeline-to-est.md) _Context: Nord Stream, Russia, pipeline_
4. [ Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty reports that the Government of Turkmenistan has discovered a "super giant" field of 7 trillion cubic meters of natural-gas. President Saparmurat Niyazov wants companies from Germany and Russia to build a pipeline to carry the gas. ](/news/2006/11/11/radio-free-europe-radio-liberty-reports-that-the-government-of-turkmenistan-has-discovered-a-super-giant-field-of-7-trillion-cubic-meters.md) _Context: Germany, Russia, pipeline_
5. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Sweden_
6. [Cold War II. At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
7. [European migrant crisis. In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/european-migrant-crisis-in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border.md) _Context: Germany, Sweden_
8. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
9. [European migrant crisis. Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. ](/news/2015/09/10/european-migrant-crisis-denmark-reopens-rail-services-to-germany-after-closing-rail-lines-and-a-motorway-in-order-to-stem-the-flow-of-migra.md) _Context: Germany, Sweden_
10. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
