### [2009-03-6](/news/2009/03/6/index.md)

#  A protestor from Plane Stupid throws custard at United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson during a low-carbon summit in London. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/7927668.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Peter Mandelson unveils a GBP2.3-billion bailout for the British motor industry. ](/news/2009/01/27/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-business-enterprise-and-regulatory-reform-peter-mandelson-unveils-a-agbp2-3-billion-bailout-for-the.md) _Context: Britain, Peter Mandelson, Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform_
2. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: Britain, London_
3. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Britain, London_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, London_
5. [Tens of thousands of junior doctors rally in London (UK) near Pall Mall to protest contract changes that will reclassify their normal working week to include Saturdays and late evenings, and the government's threat to impose a new contract. ](/news/2015/10/18/tens-of-thousands-of-junior-doctors-rally-in-london-uk-near-pall-mall-to-protest-contract-changes-that-will-reclassify-their-normal-workin.md) _Context: Britain, London_
6. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: Britain, London_
7. [Australian entertainer Rolf Harris is sentenced to 5 years and 9 months at Southwark Crown Court in London, United Kingdom, convicted on 12 charges of indecently assaulting female minors between 1968 and 1986. Harris will be eligible for release on licence after half of the sentence in 2017. ](/news/2014/07/4/australian-entertainer-rolf-harris-is-sentenced-to-5-years-and-9-months-at-southwark-crown-court-in-london-united-kingdom-convicted-on-12.md) _Context: Britain, London_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: Britain, London_
9. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Britain, London_
10. [Death of Margaret Thatcher:: Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, dies of a stroke at the age of 87 in London. ](/news/2013/04/8/death-of-margaret-thatcher-margaret-thatcher-former-british-prime-minister-dies-of-a-stroke-at-the-age-of-87-in-london.md) _Context: Britain, London_
