### [2009-03-6](/news/2009/03/6/index.md)

#  North Korea threatens the safety of South Korean civilian aircraft flying near its territory, on the eve of annual military exercises involving the United States and the South. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/North-Korea-Threatens-Safety-Of-South-Korean-Civilian-Planes-Ahead-Of-Military-Exercises/Article/200903115235780?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Feature_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15235780_North_Korea_Threatens_Safety_Of_South_Korean_Civilian_Planes_Ahead_Of_Military_Exercises)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
2. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
3. [South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear-attacks.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
4. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
7. [ Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong says North Korea is ready to halt  nuclear tests if the United States suspends its annual military exercises with South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/23/foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-says-north-korea-is-ready-to-halt-nuclear-tests-if-the-united-states-suspends-its-annual-military-exercises-wi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [South Korea and the United States start a joint military exercise as North Korea repeats threats of "indiscriminate" nuclear strikes. ](/news/2016/03/7/south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-a-joint-military-exercise-as-north-korea-repeats-threats-of-indiscriminate-nuclear-strikes.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States.  South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
