### [2017-07-15](/news/2017/07/15/index.md)

# Fields Medal. Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. 

Stanford University’s Maryam Mirzakhani was the first and only woman to win the prestigious Fields Medal in mathematics.


### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/maryam-mirzakhani-first-woman-to-win-fields-medal-dies/)

### Related:

1. [Artur Avila, Manjul Bhargava, Martin Hairer, and Maryam Mirzakhani are awarded Fields Medals. Mirzakhani became the first female and the first Iranian Fields medalist. ](/news/2014/08/12/artur-avila-manjul-bhargava-martin-hairer-and-maryam-mirzakhani-are-awarded-fields-medals-mirzakhani-became-the-first-female-and-the-fir.md) _Context: Fields Medal, Maryam Mirzakhani_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: breast cancer_
3. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: breast cancer_
4. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
5. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: breast cancer_
6. [Three American citizens have been detained in Iran this week including "Washington Post" correspondent Jason Rezaian. Rezaian's Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi has also been detained. ](/news/2014/07/24/three-american-citizens-have-been-detained-in-iran-this-week-including-washington-post-correspondent-jason-rezaian-rezaian-s-iranian-wife.md) _Context: Iranian_
7. [A study released by the University of California, San Diego shows that vitamin D increases the chances of survival in patients suffering from breast cancer. ](/news/2014/03/7/a-study-released-by-the-university-of-california-san-diego-shows-that-vitamin-d-increases-the-chances-of-survival-in-patients-suffering-fro.md) _Context: breast cancer_
8. [An Iranian exile group claims that it has evidence of secret nuclear facilities located in tunnels beneath a mountain near the town of Damavand. ](/news/2013/07/11/an-iranian-exile-group-claims-that-it-has-evidence-of-secret-nuclear-facilities-located-in-tunnels-beneath-a-mountain-near-the-town-of-damav.md) _Context: Iranian_
9. [American actress Angelina Jolie announces that she underwent an elective double mastectomy due to her family history of lethal cases of breast cancer. ](/news/2013/05/14/american-actress-angelina-jolie-announces-that-she-underwent-an-elective-double-mastectomy-due-to-her-family-history-of-lethal-cases-of-brea.md) _Context: breast cancer_
10. [Iranian man Azim Aghajani is convicted in Nigeria of attempting to smuggle weapons to The Gambia. He is sentenced to five years imprisonment. ](/news/2013/05/13/iranian-man-azim-aghajani-is-convicted-in-nigeria-of-attempting-to-smuggle-weapons-to-the-gambia-he-is-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment.md) _Context: Iranian_
