### [2017-07-15](/news/2017/07/15/index.md)

# South China Sea disputes: Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/15/asia/indonesia-south-china-sea-territorial-claims/index.html)

### Related:

1. [South China Sea disputes: Filipino fishermen say China has deployed up to five ships around the disputed Quirino Atoll, also known as Jackson Atoll, in the South China Sea, preventing them from accessing traditional fishing grounds. ](/news/2016/03/1/south-china-sea-disputes-filipino-fishermen-say-china-has-deployed-up-to-five-ships-around-the-disputed-quirino-atoll-also-known-as-jackso.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
2. [South China Sea disputes: China reportedly deploys several J-11 and Xian JH-7 fighter jets to the disputed Woody Island in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/02/23/south-china-sea-disputes-china-reportedly-deploys-several-j-11-and-xian-jh-7-fighter-jets-to-the-disputed-woody-island-in-the-south-china-s.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
3. [ China-Indonesia relations: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Indonesia announces that it is planning to take China to court over the Natuna Islands. ](/news/2015/11/14/china-indonesia-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-indonesia-announces-that-it-is-planning-to-take-china-to-court-ov.md) _Context: China, Indonesia, Natuna_
4. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: China, Indonesia, South China Sea_
5. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: China, Indonesia_
6. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Indonesia, Natuna_
7. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier "Liaoning", sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following-e.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
8. [China-United States relations: Spratly Islands dispute: China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
9. [Spratly Islands dispute: Satellite images show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems being built on artificial islands in the South China Sea; China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. ](/news/2016/12/14/spratly-islands-dispute-satellite-images-show-anti-aircraft-guns-and-missile-defence-systems-being-built-on-artificial-islands-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
10. [South China Sea disputes: Japan-United States relations: The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/south-china-sea-disputes-japan-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-jap.md) _Context: South China Sea, South China Sea disputes_
