### [2009-12-25](/news/2009/12/25/index.md)

#  A Viva Palestina supply convoy is stranded in Aqaba due to actions of the Egyptian government. 

UK politician appeals to President Mubarak to let convoy enter Gaza through Red Sea port.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2009/12/20091225145733609177.html)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian ferry carrying 1200 people catches fire in the Red Sea between the Jordanian port of Aqaba and Nuweiba. ](/news/2011/11/3/an-egyptian-ferry-carrying-1200-people-catches-fire-in-the-red-sea-between-the-jordanian-port-of-aqaba-and-nuweiba.md) _Context: Aqaba, Egypt_
2. [Jordan says it has evidence that a fatal Grad-type rocket strike on Aqaba originated in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2010/08/3/jordan-says-it-has-evidence-that-a-fatal-grad-type-rocket-strike-on-aqaba-originated-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Aqaba, Egypt_
3. [A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. ](/news/2010/08/2/a-jordanian-civilian-is-killed-and-three-others-are-wounded-as-a-grad-rocket-launched-from-the-sinai-hits-the-city-of-aqaba-four-other-rock.md) _Context: Aqaba, Egypt_
4. [Egypt bans all future aid convoys to Gaza, following recent clashes with Viva Palestina. ](/news/2010/01/9/egypt-bans-all-future-aid-convoys-to-gaza-following-recent-clashes-with-viva-palestina.md) _Context: Egypt, Viva Palestina_
5. [Palestinians kill an Egyptian border guard and 50 people are injured in clashes between pro-Palestinian activists and Egyptian police as a Viva Palestina convoy nears the border with Gaza. ](/news/2010/01/6/palestinians-kill-an-egyptian-border-guard-and-50-people-are-injured-in-clashes-between-pro-palestinian-activists-and-egyptian-police-as-a-v.md) _Context: Egypt, Viva Palestina_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
