### [2010-12-8](/news/2010/12/8/index.md)

# India's Central Bureau of Investigation raids the homes of former telecommunications minister A. Raja, his family and associates in connection with a corruption scandal. 

The CBI today conducted searches at the premises of former Telecom Minister A. Raja, his relatives and associates in different parts of Tamil Nadu. The raids, which started this morning, were being he


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11945232)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/article939316.ece)

### Related:

1. [The Indian Central Bureau of Investigation arrests former minister for communications A. Raja and other officials associated with the 2G spectrum scam. ](/news/2011/02/2/the-indian-central-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-former-minister-for-communications-a-raja-and-other-officials-associated-with-the-2g-spe.md) _Context: A. Raja, Central Bureau of Investigation, India_
2. [Indian anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare begins a three day fast in protest as legislation creating an anti-corruption watchdog excluding the Central Bureau of Investigation goes before the Parliament of India. ](/news/2011/12/27/indian-anti-corruption-activist-anna-hazare-begins-a-three-day-fast-in-protest-as-legislation-creating-an-anti-corruption-watchdog-excluding.md) _Context: Central Bureau of Investigation, India_
3. [A. Raja resigns as the Indian Telecommunications Minister over claims that licenses had been improperly given to mobile phone companies. ](/news/2010/11/15/a-raja-resigns-as-the-indian-telecommunications-minister-over-claims-that-licenses-had-been-improperly-given-to-mobile-phone-companies.md) _Context: A. Raja, India_
4. [ The Indian Central Bureau of Investigation is to investigate the helicopter crash which killed the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy and four others. ](/news/2009/09/7/the-indian-central-bureau-of-investigation-is-to-investigate-the-helicopter-crash-which-killed-the-chief-minister-of-andhra-pradesh-y-s-r.md) _Context: Central Bureau of Investigation, India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
10. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
