### [2010-12-8](/news/2010/12/8/index.md)

# SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. 

Private US company sends a spacecraft into orbit in a move that could pave way for the first commercial space station.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/12/201012816229990487.html)
2. [CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2010/US/12/08/space.flight/index.html?hpt=T1)
3. [Spaceflight Now](http://www.spaceflightnow.com/falcon9/002/status.html)

### Related:

1. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
2. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
3. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, SpaceX_
4. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
5. [SpaceX believes that the September 1 Florida launch pad malfunction and explosion of its Falcon 9 rocket and the Facebook payload during routine preparation was likely due to a large breach in its upper-stage oxygen tank's helium system. ](/news/2016/09/23/spacex-believes-that-the-september-1-florida-launch-pad-malfunction-and-explosion-of-its-falcon-9-rocket-and-the-facebook-payload-during-rou.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
6. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
7. [American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company SpaceX makes history by sending the first orbital rocket into space and landing the first stage back on the ground at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. ](/news/2015/12/22/american-aerospace-manufacturer-and-space-transport-services-company-spacex-makes-history-by-sending-the-first-orbital-rocket-into-space-and.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, SpaceX_
8. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
9. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, as part of boosting its Dragon spacecraft into space for a Monday arrival at the ISS in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. However, an experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails when it crash-lands on a floating platform possibly due to insufficient hydraulic fluid, resulting in damage to the platform. The state of the destruction of the launch vehicle is publically unknown. ](/news/2015/01/10/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-cape-canaveral-florida-as-part-of-boosting-its-dragon-spacecraft-into-space-for-a-mond.md) _Context: Florida, SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX CRS-2: The cargo ship SpaceX Dragon docks at the International Space Station after a brief delay. ](/news/2013/03/3/spacex-crs-2-the-cargo-ship-spacex-dragon-docks-at-the-international-space-station-after-a-brief-delay.md) _Context: Dragon, SpaceX_
