### [2010-12-8](/news/2010/12/8/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court is to begin a preliminary investigation into war crimes by North Korea. 




### Source:

1. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/world/international-criminal-court-starting-investigation-into-possible-north-korean-war-crimes/story-e6frf7lf-1225967568625)
2. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2010/12/08/37/0302000000AEN20101208004900315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
2. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
4. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
5. [Ahmad al-Faqi is transferred to the International Criminal Court to face trial for the war crime of directing the destruction of cultural sites in Timbuktu, Mali when the city was under the control of Islamist groups in 2012. ](/news/2015/09/26/ahmad-al-faqi-is-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-trial-for-the-war-crime-of-directing-the-destruction-of-cultural-si.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
6. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
7. [A United Nations report accuses North Korea of atrocities and calls for an investigation by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-united-nations-report-accuses-north-korea-of-atrocities-and-calls-for-an-investigation-by-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
8. [A private South Korean committee announces that it plans to file a lawsuit with the International Criminal Court against North Korea over repatriation of prisoners of war and remains of soldiers killed in the Korean War. ](/news/2012/07/25/a-private-south-korean-committee-announces-that-it-plans-to-file-a-lawsuit-with-the-international-criminal-court-against-north-korea-over-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
9. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for war crimes against Sylvestre Mudacumura, the commander of the Congolese rebel group, the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2012/07/13/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-war-crimes-against-sylvestre-mudacumura-the-commander-of-the-congolese-rebel.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
10. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
