### [2010-12-8](/news/2010/12/8/index.md)

# Tony Blair is recalled to give further evidence before the Iraq Inquiry after "gaps" concerning the legality of the Iraq War are identified in his evidence. Jack Straw and Lord Goldsmith are to return too. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1336821/Tony-Blair-recalled-evidence-Iraq-inquiry.html?ITO=1490)
2. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/world/iraq-inquiry-to-recall-blair-for-questioning-484939.html)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War, Tony Blair_
2. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War, Tony Blair_
3. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War_
4. [Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for ''The Guardian'' in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. ](/news/2011/02/13/iraq-war-jeremy-paxman-faces-being-punished-by-the-bbc-after-being-judged-to-have-violated-the-corporation-s-strict-impartiality-rules-by-w.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
5. [Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. ](/news/2010/06/30/lord-jay-permanent-under-secretary-at-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-ahead-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-tells-the-iraq-inquiry-he-fel.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Tony Blair_
6. [Tony Blair appears at the Iraq Inquiry and is questioned in public for the first time about his decision to take the United Kingdom to war against Iraq. ](/news/2010/01/29/tony-blair-appears-at-the-iraq-inquiry-and-is-questioned-in-public-for-the-first-time-about-his-decision-to-take-the-united-kingdom-to-war-a.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
7. [ Iraq War: British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces that 1,500 British troops will leave Iraq within weeks with another 1,500 by the end of the year. ](/news/2007/02/21/iraq-war-p-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-that-1-500-british-troops-will-leave-iraq-within-weeks-with-another-1-500-by-the-end.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
8. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The  changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Tony Blair_
9. [ The UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has apologised to Walter Wolfgang, an 82-year old Labour Party activist thrown out of the party's annual conference by stewards for heckling Jack Straw. He was controversially arrested under anti-terrorist legislation.  ](/news/2005/09/29/the-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-has-apologised-to-walter-wolfgang-an-82-year-old-labour-party-activist-thrown-out-of-the-party-s-annual-c.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Tony Blair_
10. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: Iraq War_
