### [2005-05-6](/news/2005/05/6/index.md)

#  Fatah wins 55 percent of the seats in municipal elections held in 84 cities across the West Bank and Gaza. Hamas wins about a third of the seats. Fatah won a majority of seats in Beit Lahiya, Hawara and Tulkarem, Hamas won the majority in Qalqiliya and El Boureij. Election participation was 70 percent in the West Bank and 80 percent in Gaza. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/05/06/palestinian.elections/)

### Related:

1. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of {{Nowrap|$50 million}} tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, West Bank_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, West Bank_
4. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-be.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-phundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-200.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
7. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
8. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, West Bank_
9. [Hamas bans Fatah supporters from holding a rally in the Gaza Strip as representatives of the two parties prepare to meet in Syria to discuss ways of resolving the conflict between them. ](/news/2010/11/9/hamas-bans-fatah-supporters-from-holding-a-rally-in-the-gaza-strip-as-representatives-of-the-two-parties-prepare-to-meet-in-syria-to-discuss.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
10. [ The Fatah movement in the West Bank rejects local mediation between itself and Hamas. ](/news/2009/12/19/the-fatah-movement-in-the-west-bank-rejects-local-mediation-between-itself-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, West Bank_
