### [2005-05-6](/news/2005/05/6/index.md)

#  The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that the FCC overstepped its authority in attempting to impose the "broadcast flag" on hardware manufacturers. 




### Source:

1. [EFF](http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2005_05.php#003556)
2. [News.com](http://news.com.com/Court+says+FCCs+broadcast+flag+is+toast/2100-1030_3-5697719.html)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
2. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
3. [United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that the FCC cannot enforce net neutrality and that Comcast can limit its customers' access to BitTorrent. ](/news/2010/04/6/united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-rules-that-the-fcc-cannot-enforce-net-neutrality-and-that-comcast-can-li.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
4. [American comedian and ''Late Show'' host Stephen Colbert is to be investigated by the Federal Communications Commission over a sexually explicit joke about U.S. president Donald Trump's relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/05/6/american-comedian-and-late-show-host-stephen-colbert-is-to-be-investigated-by-the-federal-communications-commission-over-a-sexually-expl.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of  the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
6. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
9. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
10. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enrol.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
