### [2011-11-20](/news/2011/11/20/index.md)

# Jose Pimentel, a 27-year-old Dominican-American, is arrested in New York City after planning to detonate pipe bombs, according to New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. The suspect is believed to have Al-Qaeda sympathies, although no wider conspiracy is suspected. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/11/20/us/new-york-bloomberg-announcement/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [Michael Bloomberg appeals to the New York Supreme Court's Appellate Division on the invalidation of a law limiting soft drink sales in New York City. ](/news/2013/06/11/michael-bloomberg-appeals-to-the-new-york-supreme-court-s-appellate-division-on-the-invalidation-of-a-law-limiting-soft-drink-sales-in-new-y.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
2. [The New York Police Department (NYPD) states that preliminary tests indicate ricin was present in letters that were sent to the office of New York City Mayor and media mogul Michael Bloomberg, and to the office of the Director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns. ](/news/2013/05/29/the-new-york-police-department-nypd-states-that-preliminary-tests-indicate-ricin-was-present-in-letters-that-were-sent-to-the-office-of-ne.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
3. [Boston Marathon bombings:. Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, claims that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation briefed him that suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said that the bombers intended to attack New York City next. ](/news/2013/04/25/boston-marathon-bombings-michael-bloomberg-the-mayor-of-new-york-city-claims-that-the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-briefed-him-tha.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
4. [A New York state judge invalidates a New York City ban on the sale of soft drinks larger than 16 ounces that was set to take effect on March 12. The office of Mayor Michael Bloomberg indicates it will appeal. ](/news/2013/03/11/a-new-york-state-judge-invalidates-a-new-york-city-ban-on-the-sale-of-soft-drinks-larger-than-16-ounces-that-was-set-to-take-effect-on-march.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
5. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
6. [ United States elections, 2009. Michael Bloomberg wins a third term as Mayor of New York City. ](/news/2009/11/4/united-states-elections-2009-michael-bloomberg-wins-a-third-term-as-mayor-of-new-york-city.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
7. [ The New York City Council votes 29-22 in favor of extending the term limit on the office of the Mayor to three consecutive four-year terms from two consecutive four-year terms. This allows current Mayor Michael Bloomberg to run for office again in the next mayoral election in November 2009. ](/news/2008/10/23/the-new-york-city-council-votes-29-22-in-favor-of-extending-the-term-limit-on-the-office-of-the-mayor-to-three-consecutive-four-year-term.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
8. [ New York City is put on high alert after an al Qaeda bomb threat surfaces on Internet. ](/news/2007/08/11/new-york-city-is-put-on-high-alert-after-an-al-qaeda-bomb-threat-surfaces-on-internet.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
9. [ The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.](/news/2006/06/1/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-reveals-that-it-plans-to-reallocate-anti-terrorism-funding-to-cities-across-the-nation-f.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York City_
10. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
