### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# 2015 Beirut bombings. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. 

Seven Syrians and two Lebanese detained for allegedly planning deadly explosions and smuggling attackers into country.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/lebanon-arrests-deadly-beirut-bombings-151115145052707.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 Beirut bombings. A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/2015-beirut-bombings-a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-peop.md) _Context: 2015 Beirut bombings, Beirut, Lebanon_
2. [2015 Beirut bombings:. Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-s.md) _Context: 2015 Beirut bombings, Beirut, Lebanon_
3. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
4. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Lebanon, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
6. [Majid al-Majid, the chief of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades militant group that was accused of being responsible for a double suicide bombing in front of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, in November 2013, dies in custody in a military hospital in Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/4/majid-al-majid-the-chief-of-the-abdullah-azzam-brigades-militant-group-that-was-accused-of-being-responsible-for-a-double-suicide-bombing-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. Five people are killed and 20 wounded in a car bomb which hit a southern suburb of the Lebanese capital Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-five-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-a-car-bomb-which-hit-a-southern-suburb-of-the-lebanese-capi.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A car bomb explodes in the Central District of Beirut, Lebanon, killing eight people, including the former ambassador to the U.S. Mohamad Chatah, and wounding 71 others. ](/news/2013/12/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-district-of-beirut-lebanon-killing-eight-people-including-the.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
10. [Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon. Iranian embassy bombings. Two suicide bombers target the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut killing at least 23 people. ](/news/2013/11/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-iranian-embassy-bombings-two-suicide-bombers-target-the-iranian-embassy-in-the-lebanese-capital-beir.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
