### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# 2015 G-20 Antalya summit The leaders of nations with the top 20 economies vow to use all their policy resources to bolster a sagging global economic environment. While the European migrant crisis and terrorism were high on the agenda of this economic summit the terror attacks in Paris dominate conversations and meetings. In the wake of the attacks and during ongoing investigation, French President Francois Hollande remains in Paris. 

The series of terrorist attacks that killed more than 120 people in Paris on Friday is dominating the agenda at the G20 summit in Turkey. 


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ba265c3816d344e6a18e3ce31fea18fb/obama-putin-huddle-sidelines-g-20-summit)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/15/us/politics/paris-attacks-to-dominate-agenda-at-g-20-conference-in-turkey.html)
3. [CNN Money](http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/15/news/economy/paris-attack-g20-summit/index.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/15/us-g20-turkey-idUSKCN0T409Y20151115#THuWoeUQXtI6GhXZ.97)
5. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/11/15/uk-g20-turkey-communique-idUKKCN0T40N420151115)
6. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/paris-terror-attacks/obama-putin-go-head-head-g20-sidelines-n463821)
7. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/322199-putin-obama-g20-summit/)

### Related:

1. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
2. [Three people arrested yesterday in connection with last year's attacks in Paris are released without charge. ](/news/2016/04/13/three-people-arrested-yesterday-in-connection-with-last-year-s-attacks-in-paris-are-released-without-charge.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
3. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: François Hollande, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [A man linked to the Paris attacks  is arrested in Mohammedia, Morocco. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-man-linked-to-the-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-mohammedia-morocco.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
6. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: François Hollande, Paris_
7. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
8. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
9. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
10. [The French National Assembly approves President Francois Hollande's request to extend the current state of emergency for three months. The Senate must still approve the measure. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-french-national-assembly-approves-president-franassois-hollande-s-request-to-extend-the-current-state-of-emergency-for-three-months-the.md) _Context: François Hollande, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
