### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. 

The United States has carried out a fresh delivery of ammunition to fighters from the Syrian Arab Coalition battling Islamic State in northern Syria, pushing ahead with a strategy that initially unnerved ally Turkey, a U.S. official told Reuters on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_FRANCE_PARIS_ATTACKS_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-15-14-28-24)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/15/us-mideast-crisis-ammunition-exclusive-idUSKCN0T412O20151115#5kLpChkyGDMjHAoD.97)

### Related:

1. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria.  ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
4. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: France, Syria_
5. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria.  ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
6. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Airstrikes, Syria_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
9. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
10. [French authorities give up to 1000 migrants, mostly Syrians and Iraqis, until 8pm local time on 23 February to leave the Calais jungle camp. Those who refuse to leave will be forcibly removed by police. ](/news/2016/02/20/french-authorities-give-up-to-1000-migrants-mostly-syrians-and-iraqis-until-8pm-local-time-on-23-february-to-leave-the-calais-jungle-camp.md) _Context: France, Syria_
