### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# France-led coalition intervention against ISIL: France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. 

The United States has carried out a fresh delivery of ammunition to fighters from the Syrian Arab Coalition battling Islamic State in northern Syria, pushing ahead with a strategy that initially unnerved ally Turkey, a U.S. official told Reuters on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_FRANCE_PARIS_ATTACKS_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-15-14-28-24)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/15/us-mideast-crisis-ammunition-exclusive-idUSKCN0T412O20151115#5kLpChkyGDMjHAoD.97)

### Related:

1. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): American-led intervention in Syria: United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-t.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syria_
2. [2017 Notre Dame attack: A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: France, Syria_
3. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL: A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/military-intervention-against-isil-a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
5. [Syrian peace process: France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: France, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
7. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Airstrikes, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, -most likely operated by the US-led coalition,- kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-most-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-kills.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Syria_
