### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# In tennis, the Czech Republic retains the Fed Cup defeating Russia 3-2 in the final played at the O2 Arena in Prague. This is the Czech Republic's fourth title in five years. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/sharapova-beats-kvitova-russia-leads-2-1-fed-135547908.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech, Prague, Russia_
2. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
3. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
4. [Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. ](/news/2016/03/7/russian-tennis-star-maria-sharapova-tests-positive-for-meldonium-at-the-2016-australian-open-tennis-championship-she-has-taken-the-drug-sin.md) _Context: Russia, tennis_
5. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
6. [Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. ](/news/2014/01/1/jamal-al-jamal-a-palestinian-ambassador-to-the-czech-republic-is-killed-in-an-explosion-near-his-home-in-prague.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
7. [A powerful explosion occurs in an office building in Prague, Czech Republic, believed to have been caused by natural gas, injures 35 people. Both the nearby Faculty of Arts and Sciences building of Charles University and the National Theater also sustain damage. ](/news/2013/04/29/a-powerful-explosion-occurs-in-an-office-building-in-prague-czech-republic-believed-to-have-been-caused-by-natural-gas-injures-35-people.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
8. [ 22 prominent figures, including Poland's Lech Walesa and the Czech Republic's Vaclav Havel, warn in an open letter to the Barack Obama administration against developing closer ties with Russia. ](/news/2009/07/17/22-prominent-figures-including-poland-s-lech-waaasa-and-the-czech-republic-s-va-clav-havel-warn-in-an-open-letter-to-the-barack-obama-a.md) _Context: Czech, Russia_
9. [ The Eastern Partnership conducts its inaugural meeting in Prague, Czech Republic.](/news/2009/05/7/the-eastern-partnership-conducts-its-inaugural-meeting-in-prague-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
10. [ A thousand Czech protesters gather in Wenceslas Square in the centre of Prague to protest against Czech participation in the United States missile defence system. ](/news/2007/05/26/a-thousand-czech-protesters-gather-in-wenceslas-square-in-the-centre-of-prague-to-protest-against-czech-participation-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Czech, Prague_
