### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. 

The Japanese and Philippine leaders will agree this week on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to supply Manila with used military equipment, possibly including aircraft that could be deployed to patrol the disputed South China Sea, sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/16/us-japan-philippines-military-idUSKCN0T508W20151116#JrDPwsriVKpLk1Fc.97)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151116&t=2&i=1095243151&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEBAF051)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis arrives in Manila and meets Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/15/pope-francis-arrives-in-manila-and-meets-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine President, his predecessor_
2. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines abolishes the Priority Development Assistance Fund, otherwise known as the 'pork barrel', prompting Philippine President Benigno Aquino III to fly back to Manila. ](/news/2013/11/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-abolishes-the-priority-development-assistance-fund-otherwise-known-as-the-pork-barrel-prompting-phi.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine President, his predecessor_
3. [The Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe calls a snap election with the election to be held on October 22. ](/news/2017/09/25/the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-calls-a-snap-election-with-the-election-to-be-held-on-october-22.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: Philippine President, his predecessor_
5. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Philippine President, his predecessor_
7. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine President_
9. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8. ](/news/2016/11/17/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Manila, Philippine President_
