### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# Swedish police increase checks of asylum facilities in the country's southwest amid reports refugees are leaving to avoid being registered by immigration officials. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_EUROPE_MIGRANTS_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-15-13-57-35)

### Related:

1. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper ''Dagens Industri'' that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported  in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Swedish, refugee_
2. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, refugee_
3. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, refugee_
4. [In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border-with-germany-while-swede.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Swedish_
5. [European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announce-sweden-will-ask-to-tra.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, immigration officials_
6. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, refugee_
7. [Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". ](/news/2015/11/24/sweden-will-introduce-tighter-border-controls-and-asylum-rules-in-a-bid-to-reduce-the-number-of-asylum-seekers-entering-the-country-sweden.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Swedish_
8. [Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. ](/news/2015/09/10/denmark-reopens-rail-services-to-germany-after-closing-rail-lines-and-a-motorway-in-order-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-on-their-way-to-swede.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Swedish_
9. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Swedish_
10. [ Mayor Anders Lago of Sdertlje, Sweden, says that his small city of about 80,000 is currently home to nearly 6,000 Iraqis. "More refugees than the United States and Canada together". ](/news/2008/04/10/mayor-anders-lago-of-sodertalje-sweden-says-that-his-small-city-of-about-80-000-is-currently-home-to-nearly-6-000-iraqis-more-refugees.md) _Context: Swedish, refugee_
