### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# The top of Dubai's Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest skyscraper, is lit up in the blue, white and red of the French flag, in tribute to France and those killed in the attacks in Paris. Other landmark buildings in the United Arab Emirates, including the sail-shaped Burj Al Arab building, also paid tribute. 

World’s tallest building draped in colours of the French national flag


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_FRANCE_PARIS_ATTACKS_THE_LATEST?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-15-14-28-24)
2. [Arabian Business](http://www.arabianbusiness.com/uae-extends-solidarity-france-with-solemn-tribute-on-burj-khalifa-612407.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.arabianbusiness.com/incoming/article612408.ece/BINARY/Burj-Khalifa--france-flag.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Developers announce their intention to build a new tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to surpass the Burj Khalifa as the tallest structure in the world. The project is expected to be roughly $1bn (GBP710m) and scheduled to be completed for the Dubai Expo trade fair in 2020. ](/news/2016/04/10/developers-announce-their-intention-to-build-a-new-tower-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-to-surpass-the-burj-khalifa-as-the-tallest-structur.md) _Context: Burj Khalifa, Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
2. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
3. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
4. [The Burj Khalifa, the tallest structure ever built, opens to the public in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2010/01/4/the-burj-khalifa-the-tallest-structure-ever-built-opens-to-the-public-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Burj Khalifa, Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
5. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive free parking spots and free Salik tag as well as an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees if they choose to swap their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-free-parking-spots-and-free-salik-tag-as-well-as-an-exem.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
6. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: France, Paris_
7. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: Dubai, United Arab Emirates_
8. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Paris_
9. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
