### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# Turkish police detain seven ISIS-linked suspects in simultaneous operations in Ankara. 

Turkish police on Sunday have detained 7 ISIS-linked suspects in simultenous operations carried out in Ankara. ISIS is said to have carried out the Oct....


### Source:

1. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/investigations/2015/11/15/turkish-police-detain-7-isis-linked-suspects-in-ankara)

### Related:

1. [Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. ](/news/2015/11/14/turkish-forces-engage-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-militants-along-the-syrian-border-pturkish-troops-kill-four-islamic-state.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant have claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dead-by-victoria-police.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Ankara_
4. [About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges-of-murder-and-attempting-t.md) _Context: Ankara_
5. [Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-people-and-is-remanded-in-custody-isla.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-a.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
7. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens  the trial  of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara.  The defendants include, ''in absentia'', the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO  Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-a.md) _Context: Ankara_
8. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey.md) _Context: Ankara_
10. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Ankara_
