### [2015-11-15](/news/2015/11/15/index.md)

# Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish police detain seven ISIS-linked suspects in simultaneous operations in Ankara. 

Turkish police on Sunday have detained 7 ISIS-linked suspects in simultenous operations carried out in Ankara. ISIS is said to have carried out the Oct....


### Source:

1. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/investigations/2015/11/15/turkish-police-detain-7-isis-linked-suspects-in-ankara)

### Related:

1. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:. Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. ](/news/2015/11/14/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-forces-engage-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-militants-along.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
3. [2017 Brighton siege. In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-brighton-siege-in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dea.md) _Context: ISIL_
4. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident. Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Ankara_
5. [2016-17 Turkish purges. About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/2016-17-turkish-purges-about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges.md) _Context: Ankara_
6. [2017 Istanbul nightclub shooting. Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/2017-istanbul-nightclub-shooting-abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt. In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara.md) _Context: Ankara_
9. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov. Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Ankara_
