### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. 

Israel apologises to Turkey for any errors that resulted in the deaths of nine activists during the raid on a flotilla bound for Gaza in 2010.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21902273)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57575883/obama-praises-israel-turkey-reconciliation/)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/23/world/middleeast/president-obama-israel.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/22/us-israel-turkey-obama-idUSBRE92L0RK20130322)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey and Israel, Turkish_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish, prime minister of Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Turkey and Israel, prime minister of Israel_
4. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish, prime minister of Israel_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
6. [Aftermath of the Survivors of the Israeli assault on the Gaza-bound international aid flotilla return to Greece and Turkey, providing the first eyewitness accounts of the attack. ](/news/2010/06/1/aftermath-of-the-survivors-of-the-israeli-assault-on-the-gaza-bound-international-aid-flotilla-return-to-greece-and-turkey-providing-the-fi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Turkish, prime minister of Israel_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza Strip, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
9. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
10. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
