### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama visits Jordan and meets with King Abdullah II. He warns of extremist threat in Syria. 

Anxious to keep Syria&#39;s civil war from spiraling into even worse problems, President Barack Obama said Friday he worries about the country becoming a haven for extremists when — not if — President Bashar Assad is ousted from power.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/03/22/obama-jordan-king-abdullah-ii/2010065/)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, Syria, United States_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States, visit_
3. [ Syria invites United States President Barack Obama to the Damascus summit. ](/news/2009/07/3/syria-invites-united-states-president-barack-obama-to-the-damascus-summit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, Syria, United States_
4. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the U.S. will send an additional 250 troops to fight ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-u-s-will-send-an-additional-250-troops-to-fight-isil-in-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, Syria_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, Syria_
9. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
10. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, United States_
