### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# Rwandan accused war criminal Bosco Ntaganda is transferred into the custody of the International Criminal Court. 

Rwandan-born warlord Bosco Ntaganda was taken into custody by the International Criminal Court on Friday after giving himself up in the African country earlier this week.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/03/22/international-court-rwandan-warlord/2009039/)

### Related:

1. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Bosco Ntaganda, International Criminal Court_
2. [M23 Movement leader Bosco Ntaganda surrenders himself at the U.S. Embassy in Kigali, having been wanted by the ICC since 2006 on war crimes charges. ](/news/2013/03/18/m23-movement-leader-bosco-ntaganda-surrenders-himself-at-the-u-s-embassy-in-kigali-having-been-wanted-by-the-icc-since-2006-on-war-crimes.md) _Context: Bosco Ntaganda, International Criminal Court_
3. [Troops loyal to Bosco Ntaganda &ndash; who is wanted by the International Criminal Court &ndash; take two towns in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2012/04/30/troops-loyal-to-bosco-ntaganda-ndash-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-ndash-take-two-towns-in-eastern-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Bosco Ntaganda, International Criminal Court_
4. [The International Criminal Court dismisses charges against Callixte Mbarushimana, a Rwandan rebel accused of the torture, rape and murder of Congolese villagers by Hutu militia in 2009. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-international-criminal-court-dismisses-charges-against-callixte-mbarushimana-a-rwandan-rebel-accused-of-the-torture-rape-and-murder-of.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Rwanda_
5. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Rwanda_
6. [A French court orders the extradition of Rwandan rebel leader Callixte Mbarushimana to stand trial at the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2010/11/3/a-french-court-orders-the-extradition-of-rwandan-rebel-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-to-stand-trial-at-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Rwanda_
7. [Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred-to-the-election-as-a-formality-despi.md) _Context: Rwanda_
8. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi was liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid. ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-was-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-dest.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
9. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
