### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# Several Ministers and Australian Labor Party figures resign or are sacked following a leadership spill including Simon Crean, Martin Ferguson, Chris Bowen, Kim Carr, Richard Marles, Ed Husic and Joel Fitzgibbon. 




### Source:

1. [3 News](http://www.3news.co.nz/Aus-Labor-Party-scrambles-to-recover/tabid/417/articleID/291379/Default.aspx)
2. [Herald Sun](http://blogs.news.com.au/heraldsun/andrewbolt/index.php/heraldsun/comments/gillards_purge_widens/)

### Related:

1. [Leader of the Australian Labor Party Julia Gillard calls a spill for all leadership positions. ](/news/2013/03/21/leader-of-the-australian-labor-party-julia-gillard-calls-a-spill-for-all-leadership-positions.md) _Context: Labor Party, leadership spill_
2. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: Labor Party, Simon Crean_
3. [ Simon Crean announces his resignation as leader of the Australian Labor Party, the main opposition party in Australia. Crean has led the party since November 2001, but has consistently trailed Prime Minister John Howard in opinion polls. Crean becomes the first Labor leader to resign without having fought an election. His successor will be elected at a meeting of the Labor Caucus on 2 December. The candidates will probably be former leader Kim Beazley and finance spokesman Mark Latham. Foreign Affairs spokesman Kevin Rudd may also stand.](/news/2003/11/28/simon-crean-announces-his-resignation-as-leader-of-the-australian-labor-party-the-main-opposition-party-in-australia-crean-has-led-the-pa.md) _Context: Labor Party, Simon Crean_
4. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [ The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide-reducing-the-clp-to-just-two-seats.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party_
9. [The Liberal National Party of Queensland loses its parliamentary majority, with outgoing Premier Campbell Newman losing his own seat of Ashgrove. It is unclear whether the Australian Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, has won an outright majority or if the result is a hung parliament.](/news/2015/01/31/the-liberal-national-party-of-queensland-loses-its-parliamentary-majority-with-outgoing-premier-campbell-newman-losing-his-own-seat-of-ashg.md) _Context: Labor Party_
10. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Labor Party_
