### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# South Korea's Ministry of Unification allows humanitarian aid shipments to North Korea despite recent military tensions. 

SEOUL: South Korea today approved the first shipment of humanitarian aid to North Korea since military tensions spiralled after Pyongyang&#039;s rocket launch in December and nuclear test last month. Eugene Bell, a South Korean charity, was given the green light to ship tuberculosis medicine wo


### Source:

1. [AFP via FMT](http://www.freemalaysiatoday.com/category/world/2013/03/22/s-korea-approves-first-n-korea-aid-since-rocket-launch/)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
3. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
5. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea announces plans to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system in Seongju County in the country's south in order to deter against a North Korean attack. ](/news/2016/07/13/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-plans-to-deploy-a-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-anti-ballistic-missile-syst.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-m.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea fires warning shots after a North Korean patrol boat and a fishing boat cross the disputed west coast Northern Limit Line. The two vessels retreated. ](/news/2016/05/27/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-fires-warning-shots-after-a-north-korean-patrol-boat-and-a-fishing-boat-cross-the-disputed.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations. Xi Jinping, the President of the People's Republic of China, assures that China will prevent war breaking out between North Korea and South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/28/north-korea-south-korea-relations-xi-jinping-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-assures-that-china-will-prevent-war-breaki.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
