### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# The People's Republic of China levies anti-dumping charges on the chemical resorcinol imported from the United States and Japan. 

China levied final anti-dumping duties on the chemical resorcinol imported from the United States and Japan, the Ministry of Commerce said on Friday, marking the latest in a series of tariffs on imported chemicals.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/22/uk-china-trade-antidumping-idUKBRE92L02K20130322)

### Related:

1. [China denies reports that it has banned export of rare earth mineral to the United States and Europe following similar measures against Japan. ](/news/2010/10/20/china-denies-reports-that-it-has-banned-export-of-rare-earth-mineral-to-the-united-states-and-europe-following-similar-measures-against-japa.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
2. [ More than 20 countries including the People's Republic of China, the United States, France, Japan, Chile and South Korea agree to work together to end bottom sea trawling. ](/news/2007/05/5/more-than-20-countries-including-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-united-states-france-japan-chile-and-south-korea-agree-to-work-toge.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
5. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: China, United States_
6. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, United States_
7. [Taiwan-United States relations: United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: China, United States_
8. [Japan-United States relations: Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, United States_
