### [2013-03-22](/news/2013/03/22/index.md)

# Two Italian marines accused of murdering Indian fishermen in international waters return to India to face legal charges, defusing a standoff between the two countries. 

Arrival of two marines to face murder charges in killing of Indian fishermen ends diplomatic row between two countries.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia/2013/03/201332214914193363.html)

### Related:

1. [Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi resigns from his post in protest over the return of two Italian marines to India to face charges for allegedly murdering fishermen. ](/news/2013/03/26/italian-foreign-minister-giulio-terzi-resigns-from-his-post-in-protest-over-the-return-of-two-italian-marines-to-india-to-face-charges-for-a.md) _Context: India, Italian marines, face charges, fishermen_
2. [Two members of the Italian Marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen will be prosecuted under Indian law. ](/news/2012/02/26/two-members-of-the-italian-marines-accused-of-killing-two-indian-fishermen-will-be-prosecuted-under-indian-law.md) _Context: India, Italian marines_
3. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Italian, international waters_
4. [Egyptian prosecutors begin investigating yesterday's incident where an Italian cruise liner smashed into a dock at Sharm el-Sheikh during severe weather conditions, killing sailors from Brazil, Honduras and India and injuring several passengers. ](/news/2010/02/27/egyptian-prosecutors-begin-investigating-yesterday-s-incident-where-an-italian-cruise-liner-smashed-into-a-dock-at-sharm-el-sheikh-during-se.md) _Context: India, Italian_
5. [ India requests the extradition of Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi from Argentina in relation to the Bofors scandal. ](/news/2007/03/1/india-requests-the-extradition-of-italian-businessman-ottavio-quattrocchi-from-argentina-in-relation-to-the-bofors-scandal.md) _Context: India, Italian_
6. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
