### [2006-12-15](/news/2006/12/15/index.md)

#  Newt Gingrich, former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, says the six men involved in the Flying Imams controversy should have been "arrested and prosecuted for pretending to be terrorists." 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/view.php?StoryID=20061216-074335-6760r)

### Related:

1. [Former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich formally announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party Presidential nomination. ](/news/2011/05/11/former-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-newt-gingrich-formally-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-presidential-no.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Newt Gingrich announces plans to explore a bid for the Republican Party nomination in the 2012 US Presidential election. ](/news/2011/03/3/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-newt-gingrich-announces-plans-to-explore-a-bid-for-the-republican-party-nominat.md) _Context: Newt Gingrich, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is sentenced to 15 months in prison for breaking banking laws in order to make payments to cover sexual misconduct from past decades. ](/news/2016/04/27/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-sentenced-to-15-months-in-prison-for-breaking-banking-laws-in.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2016: Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [G7 foreign ministers meeting: John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
6. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
7. [Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election, October 2015: The U.S. House of Representatives elects Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as the 62nd Speaker of the House replacing John Boehner of Ohio. ](/news/2015/10/29/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-election-october-2015-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-elects-paul-ryan-of-wisconsi.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
8. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
9. [Dennis Hastert, former United States Speaker of the House of Representatives (1999-2007), pleaded guilty to a federal financial crime in a hush money case stemming from sexual misconduct allegations. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for February 29, 2016. The crime carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine. Prosecutors recommend zero to six months imprisonment. ](/news/2015/10/28/dennis-hastert-former-united-states-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-1999-2007-pleaded-guilty-to-a-federal-financial-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
10. [Paul Ryan announces that he will run to succeed outgoing Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Boehner after receiving the support of a significant majority of members of the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/paul-ryan-announces-that-he-will-run-to-succeed-outgoing-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-after-receiving.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
