### [2009-12-19](/news/2009/12/19/index.md)

#  Police recruit sniffer dogs and detectives in their hunt for the "Arbeit macht frei" sign missing from Auschwitz as appeals for its return are made by Israel, Poland and the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8421988.stm)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article6962317.ece)

### Related:

1. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel, Polish_
2. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
3. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
5. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel_
6. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
7. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama angers the people of Poland by referring to the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz as "Polish". Prominent Poles demand an apology for the "outrageous" gaffe. ](/news/2012/05/30/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-angers-the-people-of-poland-by-referring-to-the-nazi-death-camp-at-auschwitz-as-polish-promin.md) _Context: Auschwitz, Polish_
9. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
10. [Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. ](/news/2011/07/1/poland-takes-over-the-presidency-of-the-council-of-the-european-union-for-six-months.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
