### [2009-12-19](/news/2009/12/19/index.md)

#  Serbians, Macedonians, and Montenegrins are able to travel to continental Europe without a visa from this day on. 

Today, for the first time in nearly two decades, millions of Serbs and other former Yugoslavs will be entitled to leave their countries and go almost anywhere in Europe without a visa. The end of the visa barrier, which falls on the festival of St Nicholas, comes 18 years after Slobodan Milosevic led Yugoslavia into the cold – and marks a new welcome for a nation that has long been shunned by the rest of Europe.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/at-last-serbs-win-passport-to-freedom-1845113.html)

### Related:

1. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Macedonian, Montenegro, Serbia_
2. [European migrant crisis: Serbia closes its southern border with Macedonia to migrants from countries not affected by war as part of measures to prevent illegal immigration. ](/news/2016/02/19/european-migrant-crisis-serbia-closes-its-southern-border-with-macedonia-to-migrants-from-countries-not-affected-by-war-as-part-of-measures.md) _Context: Macedonian, Serbia_
3. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Macedonian, Serbia_
4. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans. It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Macedonian, Serbia_
5. [Montenegro-NATO relations: Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro_
6. [Government of Serbia: Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: Serbia_
7. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: Montenegro_
8. [2017 storming of Macedonian Parliament: The Macedonian Parliament is stormed by protesters opposing the election of Talat Xhaferi, an ethnic Albanian, as Speaker of the Assembly. ](/news/2017/04/27/2017-storming-of-macedonian-parliament-the-macedonian-parliament-is-stormed-by-protesters-opposing-the-election-of-talat-xhaferi-an-ethnic.md) _Context: Macedonian_
9. [Serbian presidential election, 2017: Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/serbian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conserv.md) _Context: Serbia_
10. [Kosovo-Serbia relations: Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: Serbia_
