### [2016-01-16](/news/2016/01/16/index.md)

# Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. Drone strikes in Yemen. A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills three suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militants. 

Drone targeted militants’ vehicle, say tribesmen, amid reports of dozens of defections from Yemen’s Isis affiliate


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/16/us-drone-strike-yemen-al-qaida-isis)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War. A suspected U.S. drone strike kills two al-Qaida militants in central Shabwa province, according to Yemeni security and tribal officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/yemeni-civil-war-a-suspected-u-s-drone-strike-kills-two-al-qaida-militants-in-central-shabwa-province-according-to-yemeni-security-and-tr.md) _Context: Shabwa province, Yemen, al-Qaida_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Yakla raid. A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: United States, Yemen, al-Qaida_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). War on Terror. At least 50 militants are reportedly killed in a U.S. air strike on an Al-Qaeda training camp in southern Yemen. ](/news/2016/03/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-war-on-terror-at-least-50-militants-are-reportedly-killed-in-a-u-s-air-strike-on-an-al-qaeda-training-c.md) _Context: United States, Yemen, al-Qaida_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). A drone strike in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills six suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militants. ](/news/2016/02/4/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-drone-strike-in-yemen-s-shabwah-governorate-kills-six-suspected-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-milit.md) _Context: Shabwa province, Yemen, al-Qaida_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-gover.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
6. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. A US drone strike kills five Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operatives including Shawki al-Badani and Nabil al-Dahab, leader of Ansar al-Sharia in Yemen's Al Bayda Governorate. ](/news/2014/11/5/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-a-us-drone-strike-kills-five-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-operatives-including-shawki-al-badani-and-nabil.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
7. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:. Seven Yemeni Army soldiers and 16 Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militants are killed in fighting near the town of Azan in Shabwa province. ](/news/2014/05/14/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-seven-yemeni-army-soldiers-and-16-al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Shabwa province, al-Qaida_
8. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen:. Six AQAP militants and two Yemeni soldiers are killed after clashes near a damaged oil pipeline in Ma'rib Governorate. Separately, gunmen target military officials and the home of the transport minister in the capital Sana'a, killing a brigadier general and injuring four others. ](/news/2012/12/25/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-six-aqap-militants-and-two-yemeni-soldiers-are-killed-after-clashes-near-a-damaged-oil-pipeline-in-ma-rib-gov.md) _Context: Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen, Yemen, al-Qaida_
9. [Yemeni War. Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
