### [2016-01-16](/news/2016/01/16/index.md)

# Taiwanese general election, 2016. Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. 

Democratic Progressive party candidate Tsai Ing-wen looks certain to win presidency and reassess what had been a cosier relationship with China


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-35333647)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/16/asia/taiwan-election/)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/15/taiwan-elections-polls-predict-ruling-party-will-pay-for-close-ties-to-repressive-beijing)

### Related:

1. [China-Taiwan Relations. China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: China, Democratic Progressive Party, President of Taiwan, Taiwanese general election, 2016_
2. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), President of Taiwan_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)-Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China-change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: China, President of Taiwan, independence_
4. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
5. [Taiwan-United States relations. United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
6. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: China, Tsai Ing-wen_
7. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
8. [Tsai Ing-wen is sworn in as the first female President of Taiwan. ](/news/2016/05/20/tsai-ing-wen-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
9. [Cross-Strait relations. China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/cross-strait-relations-china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast.md) _Context: China, Tsai Ing-wen_
10. [Voters in the Republic of China go to the polls for the 2012 presidential election. Incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou ultimately wins re-election with 51% of the vote, defeating Democratic Progressive Party chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2012/01/14/voters-in-the-republic-of-china-go-to-the-polls-for-the-2012-presidential-election-incumbent-president-ma-ying-jeou-ultimately-wins-re-elec.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Tsai Ing-wen_
