### [2016-01-16](/news/2016/01/16/index.md)

# The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. 

International sanctions on Iran are lifted after its compliance with obligations under the nuclear agreement with world powers was certified.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35335078#")
2. [IEAE](https://www.iaea.org/newscenter/statements/iaea-director-general%E2%80%99s-statement-iran)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/17/world/middleeast/iran-complies-with-nuclear-deal-paving-way-for-sanctions-to-be-lifted.html?emc=edit_na_20160116&nlid=66213151&ref=cta)

### Related:

1. [ Iran advises a high-level meeting between it, the United States and European Union in Geneva over its nuclear program saying that it will not suspend production of enriched uranium. ](/news/2008/07/19/iran-advises-a-high-level-meeting-between-it-the-united-states-and-european-union-in-geneva-over-its-nuclear-program-saying-that-it-will-n.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, U.S., nuclear scientist_
2. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, U.S., nuclear scientist_
3. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, U.S., nuclear scientist_
4. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, U.S._
5. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, U.S._
6. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
7. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
8. [Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei approves the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, and orders it to be implemented subject to certain conditions. The letter states the United States and European Union should clearly announce the elimination of sanctions against Iran. The imposition of sanctions at any level and under any pretext from any of the negotiating countries would violate the JCPOA. ](/news/2015/10/21/iran-s-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-approves-the-nuclear-deal-between-tehran-and-world-powers-and-orders-it-to-be-implemented-subj.md) _Context: European Union, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, U.S._
9. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, nuclear scientist_
10. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, U.S._
