### [2016-01-16](/news/2016/01/16/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama declares the city of Flint, Michigan, to be in a federal public health state of emergency due to an ongoing crisis that involves lead contamination (and possibly Legionella which has caused 87 cases of Legionnaires' disease which has led to 10 deaths) in its local water supply. 




### Source:

1. [The Flint Journal'' on MLive](http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2016/01/president_obama_signs_emergenc.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://image.mlive.com/home/mlive-media/width620/img/grpress/news_impact/photo/19512545-standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [: The American city of Flint, Michigan switches its water source to the Flint River, beginning the ongoing Flint water crisis which has caused lead poisoning in up to 12,000 people, and 15 deaths from Legionnaires disease, ultimately leading to criminal indictments against 15 people, five of whom have been charged with involuntary manslaughter.](/news/2014/04/21/the-american-city-of-flint-michigan-switches-its-water-source-to-the-flint-river-beginning-the-ongoing-flint-water-crisis-which-has-caus.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, Legionnaires' disease, lead contamination_
2. [A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in-home-filtration-to.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, lead contamination_
3. [Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette charges five people, including the director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, with involuntary manslaughter for their roles in the Legionnaires' disease outbreak that led to 12 deaths. ](/news/2017/06/14/michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-charges-five-people-including-the-director-of-the-michigan-department-of-health-and-human-services.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Legionnaires' disease_
4. [The first criminal charges are laid against three people, two state officials and a municipal official, involved in the Flint water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-first-criminal-charges-are-laid-against-three-people-two-state-officials-and-a-municipal-official-involved-in-the-flint-water-crisis.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
5. [According to government officials, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette tomorrow will announce criminal charges against two state regulators and a Flint employee in connection with the city's lead-tainted water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/19/according-to-government-officials-michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-tomorrow-will-announce-criminal-charges-against-two-state-regulat.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
6. [ The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency extends the federal disaster declaration for Flint, Michigan, so water deliveries can continue through mid-August. ](/news/2016/03/26/the-u-s-federal-emergency-management-agency-extends-the-federal-disaster-declaration-for-flint-michigan-so-water-deliveries-can-continue.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
7. [The U.S. state of Michigan asks for assistance from the federal government to assist with a water crisis in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-u-s-state-of-michigan-asks-for-assistance-from-the-federal-government-to-assist-with-a-water-crisis-in-the-city-of-flint.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
8. [The U.S. mayor of Flint, Michigan, declares a state of emergency because of lead levels in children's blood caused by problems with the city's water system. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-u-s-mayor-of-flint-michigan-declares-a-state-of-emergency-because-of-lead-levels-in-childrenas-blood-caused-by-problems-with-the-ci.md) _Context: Flint, Michigan, states of emergency_
9. [ The United States declares a public health emergency over the outbreak of swine influenza. ](/news/2009/04/26/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-over-the-outbreak-of-swine-influenza.md) _Context: public health, states of emergency_
10. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
