### [2015-08-27](/news/2015/08/27/index.md)

# Four people are killed on the Caribbean island of Dominica as a result of floods and landslides caused by Tropical Storm Erika. 




### Source:

1. [WRAL](http://www.wral.com/tropical-storm-erika-nears-antigua-en-route-to-puerto-rico/14856983/)

### Related:

1. [Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit declares disaster status for nine local areas where access by road is impossible after flooding and mudslides from Tropical Storm Erika which killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing. Skerrit also appealed for international aid. ](/news/2015/08/30/dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-declares-disaster-status-for-nine-local-areas-where-access-by-road-is-impossible-after-flooding-a.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominican_
2. [Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit reports that Tropical Storm Erika has left at least 12 dead and more than 20 missing. Erika deposited almost 12 inches of rain in less than 10 hours and caused extensive damage across the island as floods wiped out roads, swamped villages, and started mudslides. ](/news/2015/08/28/dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-reports-that-tropical-storm-erika-has-left-at-least-12-dead-and-more-than-20-missing-erika-depos.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominican_
3. [ Jamaica prepares for Hurricane Dean with the hurricane already responsible for at least eight deaths on Caribbean islands St. Lucia, Martinique and Dominica. It is expected to hit the Cayman Islands on Monday and the Yucatn Peninsula on Tuesday with further impact on Mexico or Texas later in the week. ](/news/2007/08/19/jamaica-prepares-for-hurricane-dean-with-the-hurricane-already-responsible-for-at-least-eight-deaths-on-caribbean-islands-st-lucia-martin.md) _Context: Caribbean, Dominican_
4. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Caribbean_
5. [The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns pregnant women against visiting 14 countries and territories in South America, Central America and the Caribbean due to the Zika virus outbreak. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-us-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-warns-pregnant-women-against-visiting-14-countries-and-territories-in-south-america-centr.md) _Context: Caribbean_
6. [A major indication that relations between Cuba and the U.S. are increasingly normalized will be the island nation's participation later this month at an annual Caribbean security conference in Jamaica, according to the outgoing head of the United States Southern Command, General John F. Kelly. ](/news/2016/01/13/a-major-indication-that-relations-between-cuba-and-the-u-s-are-increasingly-normalized-will-be-the-island-nationas-participation-later-th.md) _Context: Caribbean_
7. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the-v.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [A British lawyer and his wife are found dead by their gardener at their home on the Caribbean island of Tobago. The Trinidad and Tobago Police Service believe the couple were murdered during a suspected robbery. ](/news/2015/10/21/a-british-lawyer-and-his-wife-are-found-dead-by-their-gardener-at-their-home-on-the-caribbean-island-of-tobago-the-trinidad-and-tobago-poli.md) _Context: Caribbean_
10. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
