### [2015-08-27](/news/2015/08/27/index.md)

# Iraq War (2014-present): Two generals of the Iraqi Army and three soldiers are killed and ten wounded when an Islamic State suicide bomber detonates in northern Ramadi. 

In a demoralizing blow to Iraq’s offensive against Islamic State , a suicide bomber from the militant group managed to kill two Iraqi army generals in a single strike on Thursday, according to military accounts.


### Source:

1. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-islamic-state-suicide-bombing-20150827-story.html)

### Related:

1. [Battle of Ramadi: The Iraqi Army declares victory over Islamic State militants as their forces retake an important government compound in Ramadi. ](/news/2015/12/27/battle-of-ramadi-the-iraqi-army-declares-victory-over-islamic-state-militants-as-their-forces-retake-an-important-government-compound-in-ra.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
2. [Battle of Ramadi: The Iraqi Army advances into the center of Ramadi, the latest development in the effort, which began in November, to regain the city from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/12/22/battle-of-ramadi-the-iraqi-army-advances-into-the-center-of-ramadi-the-latest-development-in-the-effort-which-began-in-november-to-regai.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ram.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
7. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 13 civilians have been killed by a roadside bomb while fleeing from fighting between Iraqi security forces and ISIL near Ramadi. ](/news/2016/01/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-13-civilians-have-been-killed-by-a-roadside-bomb-while-fleeing-from-fighting-between-iraqi-securi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
