### [2015-08-27](/news/2015/08/27/index.md)

# The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. 

The fast-food industry was dealt a historic blow by the National Labor Relations Board on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/danielfisher/2015/08/27/nlrb-declares-browning-ferris-a-joint-employer-whos-next/)
2. [The Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-joint-employer-labor-board-0828-biz-20150827-story.html)
3. [The International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/national-labor-relations-board-paves-way-union-organizing-mcdonalds-others-franchises-2071981)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2015/08/27/labor-board-moves-to-make-businesses-accountable-for-their-subcontractors/)

### Related:

1. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States Congress_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
3. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
4. [ American politician William J. Jefferson, former Democratic Party Congressman from the U.S. state of Louisiana, is sentenced to 13 years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2009/11/13/american-politician-william-j-jefferson-former-democratic-party-congressman-from-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-is-sentenced-to-13-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic, United States, United States Congress_
5. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: Republican, United States, United States Congress_
6. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
7. [ United States general elections:: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
8. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
9. [ Braving the threat of a veto from United States President George W. Bush, U.S. Senate Republicans joined Democrats, voting ](/news/2005/10/5/braving-the-threat-of-a-veto-from-united-states-president-george-w-bush-u-s-senate-republicans-joined-democrats-voting.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, United States_
10. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican_
