### [2015-08-27](/news/2015/08/27/index.md)

# Thousands of protesters joined a Guatemalan national strike Thursday demanding the resignation of President Otto Perez Molina for corruption. Five of 13 cabinet ministers have resigned since Friday, and Tuesday, the Supreme Court unanimously approved a motion to impeach the president. 

An estimated 70,000 protesters filled a central plaza in Guatemala City on Thursday as part of a national strike that saw some businesses close and marchers block highways demanding President Otto Perez Molina resign for alleged bribery.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-27/guatemala-protesters-call-national-strike-to-force-president-out)
2. [The Bayou Buzz](http://www.bayoubuzz.com/politics/us-politics/item/979815-guatemalan-supreme-court-approves-motion-to-impeach-president)
3. [The Weather Space](http://theweatherspace.com/2015/08/28/123039-several-more-guatemalan-ministers-resign-amid-scandal/)

### Related:

1. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
2. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
3. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including  Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-t.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
4. [A judge orders that President of Guatemala Otto Perez Molina be detained for his alleged role in a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-judge-orders-that-president-of-guatemala-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-be-detained-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
5. [Guatemala's Congress unanimously votes to strip President Otto Perez of immunity from prosecution for his alleged role in a graft scandal that has engulfed his government. Nationwide elections are scheduled for Sunday, September 6th; Perez is not eligible because of constitutional term limits.  ](/news/2015/09/1/guatemala-s-congress-unanimously-votes-to-strip-president-otto-pa-c-rez-of-immunity-from-prosecution-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-graft-scandal-t.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
6. [A legislative commission urges the Congress of Guatemala to remove President Otto Perez Molina's immunity from prosecution over a corruption scandal that has caused former Vice President Roxana Baldetti to be jailed and much of the Cabinet to resign. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-legislative-commission-urges-the-congress-of-guatemala-to-remove-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-s-immunity-from-prosecution-over-a-corruptio.md) _Context: Guatemalan President, Otto Pérez Molina_
7. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
8. [Former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo is to be extradited to the U.S. following a ruling by a Guatemalan criminal court. ](/news/2010/03/18/former-guatemalan-president-alfonso-portillo-is-to-be-extradited-to-the-u-s-following-a-ruling-by-a-guatemalan-criminal-court.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
9. [A United Nations investigation clears Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom in the murder of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano, and rules that Rosenberg plotted his own murder. ](/news/2010/01/12/a-united-nations-investigation-clears-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-in-the-murder-of-lawyer-rodrigo-rosenberg-marzano-and-rules-that-r.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
10. [ Demonstrators demand that Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom resign for allegedly killing Rodrigo Rosenberg. ](/news/2009/05/17/demonstrators-demand-that-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-resign-for-allegedly-killing-rodrigo-rosenberg.md) _Context: Guatemala, Guatemalan President_
