### [2015-08-27](/news/2015/08/27/index.md)

# Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the head of the Court of Cassation, is appointed as interim Prime Minister of Greece for the duration of the upcoming election. She is the first woman to hold the post. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Roanoke](http://www.roanoke.com/news/politics/wire/greece-moves-closer-to-formal-announcement-of-election-date/article_b7b47531-46f9-5dad-8be5-4526d710f490.html)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis: Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-wa.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou_
2. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, announces his resignation and calls a new election for September 20. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-announces-his-resignation-and-calls-a-new-election-for-september-20.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister, Greek legislative election, September 2015_
3. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
4. [European migrant crisis: Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
5. [Greek legislative election, September 2015: Voters in Greece go to the polls for the third time this year with Syriza (Coalition of the Radical Left) again winning a plurality in the Hellenic Parliament. ](/news/2015/09/20/greek-legislative-election-september-2015-voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-the-third-time-this-year-with-syriza-coalition-of-the-radi.md) _Context: Greek legislative election, September 2015_
6. [Greek legislative election, September 2015: Twenty-five parliamentarians from the governing Syriza party announce plans to form a new party, the Popular Unity, led by former energy minister Panagiotis Lafazanis. ](/news/2015/08/21/greek-legislative-election-september-2015-twenty-five-parliamentarians-from-the-governing-syriza-party-announce-plans-to-form-a-new-party.md) _Context: Greek legislative election, September 2015_
7. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-packag.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
8. [The Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras says that Greece will hold a referendum on a bailout deal with creditors on July 5. ](/news/2015/06/26/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-says-that-greece-will-hold-a-referendum-on-a-bailout-deal-with-creditors-on-july-5.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
9. [The British Museum announces that it will loan one of the Elgin Marbles in its collection, originally taken from Greece, to the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg. Greece's Prime Minister Antonis Samaras calls the move "a provocation to the Greek people." ](/news/2014/12/5/the-british-museum-announces-that-it-will-loan-one-of-the-elgin-marbles-in-its-collection-originally-taken-from-greece-to-the-hermitage-mu.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras, reshuffles his cabinet giving more positions to his Panhellenic Socialist Movement coalition partner, appointing its leader Evangelos Venizelos as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. ](/news/2013/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-greece-antonis-samaras-reshuffles-his-cabinet-giving-more-positions-to-his-panhellenic-socialist-movement-coalition.md) _Context: Greek Prime Minister_
