### [2016-08-11](/news/2016/08/11/index.md)

# At least 21 people are killed and five are injured following an explosion at a power plant in the city of Dangyang, Hubei province in central China. The blast occurred around 3:20 p.m. local time, when a high-pressure steam pipe exploded, according to China's official Xinhua News Agency. 

An explosion at a power plant in China killed at least 21 people and injured five on Thursday, state media said, the latest deadly industrial accident in a country that struggles with poor safety standards.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-blast-idUSKCN10M155)

### Related:

1. [2017 China-India border standoff. An English-language Chinese propaganda video from Xinhua, entitled "The Spark: 7 Sins of India" about the Doklam stand-off involving China, India and Bhutan, goes viral and sparks anger within India. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-china-india-border-standoff-an-english-language-chinese-propaganda-video-from-xinhua-entitled-the-spark-7-sins-of-india-about-th.md) _Context: Xinhua_
2. [At least 18 people die and two more are injured in a bus accident in Hubei, China. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-18-people-die-and-two-more-are-injured-in-a-bus-accident-in-hubei-china.md) _Context: Hubei_
3. [A stone quarry collapses in Hubei province, China, leaving five people missing. ](/news/2016/10/3/a-stone-quarry-collapses-in-hubei-province-china-leaving-five-people-missing.md) _Context: Hubei_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: Xinhua_
5. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: Xinhua_
6. [One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. ](/news/2016/03/2/one-chinese-national-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-in-a-possible-militant-attack-on-a-chinese-invested-company-in-laos-the-official-xi.md) _Context: Xinhua_
7. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Hubei_
8. [Pollution in China. The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/pollution-in-china-the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: central China_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: Xinhua_
10. [Pollution in China. Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/pollution-in-china-chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenya.md) _Context: Xinhua_
