### [2014-01-13](/news/2014/01/13/index.md)

# A 6.5 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of Puerto Rico. 

A strong quake of magnitude 6.5 struck north off Puerto Rico on Monday and could trigger a local tsunami, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/puerto-rico-rocked-by-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-1.2494091)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
2. [Stephanie Del Valle of Puerto Rico is named as Miss World 2016. ](/news/2016/12/18/stephanie-del-valle-of-puerto-rico-is-named-as-miss-world-2016.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
3. [The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority announces it has fined Bank of America Merrill Lynch $7 million for failure to supervise the use of leverage in its brokerage accounts, especially in connection with Puerto Rico municipal bonds. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-announces-it-has-fined-bank-of-america-merrill-lynch-7-million-for-failure-to-supervise-the-use.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
4. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
5. [The Governor of Puerto Rico authorizes the suspension of payments on the general obligation debt of that commonwealth, assuring a default on the $1.9 billion of debt payments due the following day. ](/news/2016/06/30/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-authorizes-the-suspension-of-payments-on-the-general-obligation-debt-of-that-commonwealth-assuring-a-default-on.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for  green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with  44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-cheating-program-the-breakdown.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
7. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors.  Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1.  ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
8. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says  debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services  for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
