### [2013-06-29](/news/2013/06/29/index.md)

# 2013 protests in Brazil: Brazilian president, Dilma Rousseff, experiences a sharp drop in popularity. Only 30 percent of people asked by the Datafolha's opinion poll considered Rousseff's administration "great" or "good". 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/29/brazil-protests-rousseff-idUSL2N0F503Y20130629)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-pre.md) _Context: Datafolha, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
3. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017: Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: opinion poll_
4. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
5. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61-20-in-the-senate-current-acting.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Operation Car Wash: Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-bra.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
