### [2016-03-30](/news/2016/03/30/index.md)

# A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. 

LARNACA, Cyprus - First the hijacker said the women could leave. All the children, too. Then the man in the suicide vest agreed that all Egyptians and others from Muslim backgrounds would be allowed to escape from the plane.


### Source:

1. [ (Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-egypt-airplane-hijacking-extradition-idUSKCN0WW1GC)
2. [AP via ''The Daily Courier](http://www.kelownadailycourier.ca/news/world_news/article_12660d73-51c7-5805-b5c4-8dec3074a343.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/kelownadailycourier.ca/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/2/36/236f2306-7f16-5bdb-aa6c-b838f21a4dae/56fbc0440c0d9.image.jpg?resize=650%2C433)

### Related:

1. [A hijacked EgyptAir flight lands in Cyprus. All hostages have been released, and the hijacker has no evident ties to any terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-hijacked-egyptair-flight-lands-in-cyprus-all-hostages-have-been-released-and-the-hijacker-has-no-evident-ties-to-any-terrorist-organizat.md) _Context: Cyprus, EgyptAir Flight 181_
2. [ Helios Airways Flight 522 en route from Larnaca, Cyprus via Athens, Greece to Prague, Czech Republic crashes near Athens, with at least 121 onboard. Observations from Greek fighter aircraft indicate a decompression problem. ](/news/2005/08/14/helios-airways-flight-522-en-route-from-larnaca-cyprus-via-athens-greece-to-prague-czech-republic-crashes-near-athens-with-at-least-121.md) _Context: Cyprus, Larnaca_
3. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus_
4. [Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-conference-takes-p.md) _Context: Cyprus_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: Cyprus_

### Changes:

1. [A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-remain-in-local-police-c.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:04 (First version)_
2. [EgyptAir Flight 181: A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/egyptair-flight-181-a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-rema.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:25 (Update)_
2. [A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-remain-in-local-police-cu.md) _(Current version)_
