
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.json)  [XML](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.xml)  

### [2016-03-30](/news/2016/03/30/index.md)

##### Air pollution in Mexico City
# Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. 




### Sources:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/30/mexico-city-temporarily-restricts-all-cars-after-smog-alert.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/world/2016/03/30/mexico-city-temporarily-restricts-all-cars-after-smog-alert/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-2.img.jpg/0/0/1459431999387.jpg?ve=1)

### Changes:

1. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-w.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [Air pollution in Mexico City: Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/air-pollution-in-mexico-city-mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Mexican authorities arrest American-born Jose Maria Guizar Valencia, the alleged leader of the Zetas drug cartel, as he was entering a hotel in Mexico City's upscale neighborhood of Roma. ](/news/2018/02/8/mexican-authorities-arrest-american-born-jose-maria-guizar-valencia-the-alleged-leader-of-the-zetas-drug-cartel-as-he-was-entering-a-hotel.md) _Context: Mexico City_
2. [A magnitude 7.2 earthquake strikes near the town of Pinotepa Nacional and is widely felt across Southern and Central Mexico, causing material damages in the states of Guerrero, Oaxaca and Mexico City. It is followed by a 5.8-magnitude aftershock. ](/news/2018/02/16/a-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-strikes-near-the-town-of-pinotepa-nacional-and-is-widely-felt-across-southern-and-central-mexico-causing-materia.md) _Context: Mexico City_
3. [A Mexico City borough president says previous officials ignored warnings that unauthorized construction work had damaged the structural integrity of several buildings in the city. The overall death toll from the magnitude 7.1 quake which hit Sept. 19 now stands at at least 358 people. ](/news/2017/09/29/a-mexico-city-borough-president-says-previous-officials-ignored-warnings-that-unauthorized-construction-work-had-damaged-the-structural-inte.md) _Context: Mexico City_
4. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Mexico, killing at least 220 people and collapsing several buildings in Mexico City and widespread evacuations, hours after a yearly earthquake drill in commemoration of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/19/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-mexico-killing-at-least-220-people-and-collapsing-several-buildings-in-mexico-city-and-widespread-evacua.md) _Context: Mexico City_
5. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
