### [2016-03-30](/news/2016/03/30/index.md)

# The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. 

The opposition-controlled National Assembly in Venezuela passes an amnesty bill aimed at freeing dozens of jailed opposition leaders.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35924647)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/30/Venezuelas-Maduro-vows-to-veto-amnesty-bill-passed-by-National-Assembly/2471459353316/?spt=hts&or=5)
3. [UPI²](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/03/29/Venezuelan-opposition-preparing-referendum-to-oust-Maduro/7201459269012/?st)

### Related:

1. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, National Assembly, Venezuela_
2. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
3. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Venezuela_
4. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
5. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan protests. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leo.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
8. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
9. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-val.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, National Assembly_
