### [2016-03-30](/news/2016/03/30/index.md)

# The Ukrainian parliament votes to ban all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving "national security"; more than 430 Russian films and TV series fall under the new measures. Last month, the State Committee in Television and Radio-broadcasting in Ukraine removed 15 Russian TV channels from being broadcast in Ukraine. 

The Ukrainian parliament has banned all Russian films released after January 1, 2014, saying the move is aimed at improving “national security.”


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/337728-ukraine-bans-russian-movies/)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2016.03/article/56fb53b7c461884e028b45e1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
2. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
3. [Ukraine bans Russian cargo trucks from transiting its territory after Russia's Ministry of Transport barred Ukrainian cargo trucks because armed groups had been blocking some Russian trucks from entering Ukraine. ](/news/2016/02/15/ukraine-bans-russian-cargo-trucks-from-transiting-its-territory-after-russia-s-ministry-of-transport-barred-ukrainian-cargo-trucks-because-a.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
4. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following-m.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations, Ukraine_
5. [A smoke bomb is thrown in the Ukrainian parliament during protests after Ukraine's extension of the lease on a Russian naval base in Sevastopol. ](/news/2010/04/27/a-smoke-bomb-is-thrown-in-the-ukrainian-parliament-during-protests-after-ukraine-s-extension-of-the-lease-on-a-russian-naval-base-in-sevasto.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Verkhovna Rada_
6. [The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-year-s-eurovision-song-contest-from-entering-the-country-t.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
7. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
9. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
