### [2013-05-12](/news/2013/05/12/index.md)

# In a study by SUNY Buffalo, it is discovered that "Utricularia gibba", a carnivorous bladderwort plant, has the shortest known DNA sequence of any multicellular plant and that it lacks "junk DNA", sequences of code that do not encode proteins. 

How much of your DNA is constructive? Of the 3 billion letters that make up your genome, only 1.5 percent consists of genes-DNA actually does something useful, which carry the information for protein synthesis. Of the remaining 98.5 percent-the vast majority of the genetic material known as noncoding DNA that does not code for proteins, is not needed for a healthy organism, according to new research.


### Source:

1. [Design & Trend](http://www.designntrend.com/articles/4291/20130512/worlds-record-breaking-plant-deletes-noncoding-junk-dna.htm)
1. [Cover Image](http://images.designntrend.com/data/images/full/9561/carnivorous-bladderwort-plant.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: DNA_
2. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: DNA_
3. [Russian billionaire businessman Alisher Usmanov who bought the 1962 Nobel gold medal of scientist James Watson says that he is donating it back to Watson as a gift because the "discovery of DNA structure must belong to him". ](/news/2014/12/10/russian-billionaire-businessman-alisher-usmanov-who-bought-the-1962-nobel-gold-medal-of-scientist-james-watson-says-that-he-is-donating-it-b.md) _Context: DNA_
4. [Deciding "Maryland v. King", the United States Supreme Court rules that police have the right to collect DNA samples from criminal suspects without their consent. ](/news/2013/06/3/deciding-maryland-v-king-the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-police-have-the-right-to-collect-dna-samples-from-criminal-suspects.md) _Context: DNA_
5. [Prosecutors discuss a plea deal (avoidance of the death penalty in exchange for a likely sentence of life in prison without parole) for the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Police have taken DNA from Tamerlan Tsarnaev's wife and are exploring the brothers' connection to two deceased Russian extremists. ](/news/2013/04/29/prosecutors-discuss-a-plea-deal-avoidance-of-the-death-penalty-in-exchange-for-a-likely-sentence-of-life-in-prison-without-parole-for-the.md) _Context: DNA_
6. [American bioengineers at Stanford University build a transistor-like transcriptor out of DNA and RNA molecules. ](/news/2013/03/28/american-bioengineers-at-stanford-university-build-a-transistor-like-transcriptor-out-of-dna-and-rna-molecules.md) _Context: DNA_
7. [Scientists from the European Bioinformatics Institute in Hinxton, England, successfully use DNA as a means of data storage. ](/news/2013/01/24/scientists-from-the-european-bioinformatics-institute-in-hinxton-england-successfully-use-dna-as-a-means-of-data-storage.md) _Context: DNA_
8. [2013 horse meat contamination in burgers scandal: The Republic of Ireland's Food Safety Authority says that horse DNA has been found in some beefburgers on sale in UK and Irish supermarkets. ](/news/2013/01/15/2013-horse-meat-contamination-in-burgers-scandal-the-republic-of-ireland-s-food-safety-authority-says-that-horse-dna-has-been-found-in-some.md) _Context: DNA_
9. [The first direct photograph of DNA, by Enzo Di Fabrizio, a physics professor at Magna Graecia University in Catanzaro, Italy, is taken. He used an electron microscope (not the usual X-ray crystallography) and a nanoscopic landscape of extremely water-repellant silicon pillars (the water evaporated quickly and left behind the DNA). ](/news/2012/11/30/the-first-direct-photograph-of-dna-by-enzo-di-fabrizio-a-physics-professor-at-magna-graecia-university-in-catanzaro-italy-is-taken-he-u.md) _Context: DNA_
10. [Scientists decode the bonobo genome, making it last great ape to have its DNA sequence laid bare, following the chimpanzee, orang-utan and gorilla. ](/news/2012/06/13/scientists-decode-the-bonobo-genome-making-it-last-great-ape-to-have-its-dna-sequence-laid-bare-following-the-chimpanzee-orang-utan-and-g.md) _Context: DNA_
