### [2013-05-12](/news/2013/05/12/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Four Filipino UN peacekeepers that had been taken captive by Syrian rebels on May 7 are released. 

BEIRUT--Syrian rebels released four U.N. peacekeepers Sunday, five days after the Filipino troops were seized in the increasingly volatile buffer zone between Syria and the Israeli-occupied Golan...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/world/worldnow/la-fg-wn-syria-peacekeepers-20130512,0,6873281.story)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:. Thirty-two United Nations peacekeepers from the Philippines were evacuated under fire from the Golan Heights border checkpoint between Syria and Israel, while others remain under fire from groups including the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2014/08/31/syrian-civil-war-thirty-two-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-the-philippines-were-evacuated-under-fire-from-the-golan-heights-border-check.md) _Context: Philippines, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war:. Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Philippines, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017. Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
5. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War. After the murder of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-murder-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines-th.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Philippine Drug War. The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Philippine Drug War. At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Philippines_
