### [2013-05-12](/news/2013/05/12/index.md)

# The first group of what is an expected to be more than a trillion 17-year cicadas to emerge in the eastern United States is spotted in North Carolina. 

The &#034;Swarmagaddon,&#034;-a cicada invasion as many people call, that is expected to engulf much of the United States&#039; Atlantic seaboard over the next few weeks touched off this week in North Carolina. Its bugs number in the billions and will outnumber humans in the affected areas by ratios as high as 600 to 1.


### Source:

1. [Design & Trend](http://www.designntrend.com/articles/4286/20130512/cicadapocalypse-exclusive-over-1-trillion-cicadas-come-cicada-killing-wasps.htm)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew. The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
2. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage. The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
3. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
4. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
5. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
7. [Daniel Patrick Boyd pleads guilty to terrorism charges in a trial in the US state of North Carolina. ](/news/2011/02/9/daniel-patrick-boyd-pleads-guilty-to-terrorism-charges-in-a-trial-in-the-us-state-of-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
8. [Heavy rain from former Tropical Storm Nicole causes flooding the US states of North Carolina and Virginia and delays in airline flights on the east coast. ](/news/2010/09/30/heavy-rain-from-former-tropical-storm-nicole-causes-flooding-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-and-delays-in-airline-flights-on-t.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
9. [Hurricane Earl moves away from the Leeward Islands towards the east coast of the United States with a hurricane watch issued for most of the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2010/08/31/hurricane-earl-moves-away-from-the-leeward-islands-towards-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states-with-a-hurricane-watch-issued-for-most-of-the.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
10. [ Three workers are missing after an explosion at a ConAgra Foods plant in Garner, North Carolina, United States. ](/news/2009/06/9/three-workers-are-missing-after-an-explosion-at-a-conagra-foods-plant-in-garner-north-carolina-united-states.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
