### [2005-04-15](/news/2005/04/15/index.md)

#  Canada's Federal Court of Appeal denies Chinese businessman Lai Changxing refugee status. China wants him for large-scale smuggling. 




### Source:

1. [National Post'', Canada](http://www.canada.com/national/nationalpost/news/story.html?id=10dbd00c-aee0-4926-bead-a4b49019622f)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2005-04/15/content_2833470.htm)

### Related:

1. [The Yonhap news agency in South Korea reports that the People's Republic of China has reinforced fences and increased patrols along its border with North Korea in order to stop a flow of refugees. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-yonhap-news-agency-in-south-korea-reports-that-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-reinforced-fences-and-increased-patrols-along-its-bord.md) _Context: China, refugee_
2. [The CBC releases information about an alleged attack originating from China against the computer networks of the Finance Department and Treasury Board in Canada, forcing the immediate shutdown of all internet access in both departments. ](/news/2011/02/17/the-cbc-releases-information-about-an-alleged-attack-originating-from-china-against-the-computer-networks-of-the-finance-department-and-trea.md) _Context: Canada, China_
3. [ Canada imposes visa requirements to come into effect on July 14 on travellers from Mexico and the Czech Republic after a big jump in refugee claims from these two countries. ](/news/2009/07/14/canada-imposes-visa-requirements-to-come-into-effect-on-july-14-on-travellers-from-mexico-and-the-czech-republic-after-a-big-jump-in-refuge.md) _Context: Canada, refugee_
4. [ Mayor Anders Lago of Sdertlje, Sweden, says that his small city of about 80,000 is currently home to nearly 6,000 Iraqis. "More refugees than the United States and Canada together". ](/news/2008/04/10/mayor-anders-lago-of-sodertalje-sweden-says-that-his-small-city-of-about-80-000-is-currently-home-to-nearly-6-000-iraqis-more-refugees.md) _Context: Canada, refugee_
5. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canada, China_
6. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, China_
7. [Road incidents in China: At least 36 people die in a bus crash in China's Shaanxi province. The bus was travelling between Chengdu and Luoyang. ](/news/2017/08/10/road-incidents-in-china-at-least-36-people-die-in-a-bus-crash-in-china-s-shaanxi-province-the-bus-was-travelling-between-chengdu-and-luoya.md) _Context: China_
8. [Freedom of religion in Canada: Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/freedom-of-religion-in-canada-winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [An early morning fire in the Chinese city of Changshu in Jiangsu province kills 22 people and injures three. ](/news/2017/07/16/an-early-morning-fire-in-the-chinese-city-of-changshu-in-jiangsu-province-kills-22-people-and-injures-three.md) _Context: China_
