### [2005-04-15](/news/2005/04/15/index.md)

#  Soyuz TMA-6 lifts off at dawn from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan carrying the Expedition 11 crew to the International Space Station. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,153539,00.html (Fox News)] [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20050415/wl_nm/space_russia_launch_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 02:40, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
2. [ International Space Station Expedition 19 launches aboard the Soyuz TMA-14 from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2009/03/26/international-space-station-expedition-19-launches-aboard-the-soyuz-tma-14-from-kazakhstan-s-baikonur-cosmodrome.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
3. [The joint European Space Agency and Russian Federal Space Agency ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter blasts off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-joint-european-space-agency-and-russian-federal-space-agency-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-blasts-off-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakh.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan_
4. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
5. [A Soyuz-U rocket carrying a new Egyptian communication satellite, EgyptSat-2, was launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2014/04/16/a-soyuz-u-rocket-carrying-a-new-egyptian-communication-satellite-egyptsat-2-was-launched-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakhstan.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan_
6. [A Russian Proton-M rocket carrying three GLONASS navigation satellites loses control and crashes shortly after launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.](/news/2013/07/2/a-russian-proton-m-rocket-carrying-three-glonass-navigation-satellites-loses-control-and-crashes-shortly-after-launch-from-baikonur-cosmodro.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan_
7. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
8. [The Russian Soyuz TMA-07M spacecraft launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, carrying Roman Romanenko, Chris Hadfield and Thomas Marshburn for the ISS Expedition 34 and 35 crews. ](/news/2012/12/19/the-russian-soyuz-tma-07m-spacecraft-launches-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakhstan-carrying-roman-romanenko-chris-hadfield-and-thoma.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan_
9. [Soyuz TMA-03M, launched from Baikonur, carries a crew of three men to the International Space Station. ](/news/2011/12/21/soyuz-tma-03m-launched-from-baikonur-carries-a-crew-of-three-men-to-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
10. [The Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft, carrying half of the members of Expedition 27 back from their crew rotation aboard the International Space Station, lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-soyuz-tma-20-spacecraft-carrying-half-of-the-members-of-expedition-27-back-from-their-crew-rotation-aboard-the-international-space-stat.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kazakhstan_
