### [2005-04-15](/news/2005/04/15/index.md)

#  The ongoing anti-Japanese demonstrations in China might have been scripted and manipulated by the Chinese government as a bargaining tool against its neighbor in the recent Sino-Japanese energy and territory disputes. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/15/international/asia/15china.html?ex=1114228800&en=56a7d2bc9637f864&ei=5070 (''NY Times'')] (registration required). Personal announcements appeared on blogs [http://blog.yesky.com/Blog/somewindows/archive/2005/04/14/108080.html] [http://heart.pdx.cn/blog/diary,181320.html] attempting to stage massive anti-Japanese riots not only in the capital but also in 17 major Chinese cities, responding to the April 17 visit of the Japanese Foreign Minister to Beijing, and the 86th anniversary of the May Fourth Movement. 




### Related:

1. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
2. [Senkaku Islands dispute:The Japanese Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba says Japan will "not reconsider" the ownership issue. ](/news/2012/09/12/senkaku-islands-dispute-pthe-japanese-foreign-minister-kaichira-gemba-says-japan-will-not-reconsider-the-ownership-issue.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
3. [The Prime Minister of Japan Yoshihiko Noda announces his new Cabinet with Jun Azumi as Minister of Finance and Koichiro Genba as Minister for Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2011/09/2/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-announces-his-new-cabinet-with-jun-azumi-as-minister-of-finance-and-kaichira-genba-as-minister.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
4. [The Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan announces a Ministerial reshuffle with Seiji Maehara announced as the new Minister for Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2010/09/17/the-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-announces-a-ministerial-reshuffle-with-seiji-maehara-announced-as-the-new-minister-for-foreign-affairs.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
5. [Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. ](/news/2010/02/21/japanese-foreign-minister-katsuya-okada-dismisses-australia-s-threat-to-take-the-country-to-the-international-court-of-justice-over-japan-s.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
6. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Japanese Foreign Minister_
7. [ Spring 2005 anti-Japanese demonstrations in China: Chinese rioters storm the Japanese embassy in Beijing.  The riot grew from a protest against Japan's newly approved history textbooks, which according to critics, whitewashed Japanese wartime atrocities. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/04/9/spring-2005-anti-japanese-demonstrations-in-china-chinese-rioters-storm-the-japanese-embassy-in-beijing-the-riot-grew-from-a-protest-aga.md) _Context: Japanese history textbooks controversy_
8. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Japanese history textbooks controversy_
9. [ Japanese history textbooks controversy: Sino-Japanese relations worsen after a meeting between Chinese State Councilor Tang Jiaxuan, Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, and Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura in Beijing. China continues to refuse an apology for the increasing number of anti-Japanese protests, and further accuses Japan for handling the issues of history and Taiwan "incorrectly". ](/news/2005/04/18/japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-sino-japanese-relations-worsen-after-a-meeting-between-chinese-state-councilor-tang-jiaxuan-foreig.md) _Context: Japanese history textbooks controversy_
10. [ 2005 anti-Japanese demonstrations: 20,000 protesters marching in two cities in southern Guangdong province objecting to a recently amended Japanese schoolbook which allegedly glosses over Japan's imperialist past. ([http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/04/10/china.japan.protest/index.html CNN])](/news/2005/04/11/2005-anti-japanese-demonstrations-20-000-protesters-marching-in-two-cities-in-southern-guangdong-province-objecting-to-a-recently-amended.md) _Context: Japanese history textbooks controversy_
