### [2005-04-15](/news/2005/04/15/index.md)

#  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4447165.stm)
2. [Canberra](http://canberra.yourguide.com.au/detail.asp?class=news&subclass=international&category=general%20news&story_id=386604&y=2005&m=4)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom, United Nations_
2. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan wishes editors to stop reprinting the controversial Muhammad cartoons. ](/news/2006/02/10/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-wishes-editors-to-stop-reprinting-the-controversial-muhammad-cartoons.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
4. [ European nations has expressed support of UN secretary general Kofi Annan after US probe found no evidence of his involvement with the foul play in Oil-for-Food Program  ](/news/2005/03/30/european-nations-has-expressed-support-of-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-after-us-probe-found-no-evidence-of-his-involvement-with-the-foul.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, U.S., United Nations_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, speaking in a UN Security Council debate, urges member states to define a clearer role for the UN in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3325251.stm]](/news/2003/12/16/occupation-of-iraq-p-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-speaking-in-a-un-security-council-debate-urges-member-states-to-define-a.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
7. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
9. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote  calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: U.S., United Nations_
10. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
