### [2005-06-15](/news/2005/06/15/index.md)

#  Catholic Archbishop Chaput warns Europe about growing anti-Semitism and intolerance. 




### Source:

1. [BeyondtheNews](http://www.beyondthenews.com/1335491.aspx)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. government states that it will boycott a United Nations anti-racism conference because of concerns over anti-Semitism. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-u-s-government-states-that-it-will-boycott-a-united-nations-anti-racism-conference-because-of-concerns-over-anti-semitism.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
2. [Prosecutors in Paris, France, say that British fashion designer John Galliano will face criminal charges over alleged anti-Semitic remarks. ](/news/2011/03/2/prosecutors-in-paris-france-say-that-british-fashion-designer-john-galliano-will-face-criminal-charges-over-alleged-anti-semitic-remarks.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
3. [Christian Dior S.A. fires fashion designer John Galliano following a series of anti-semitic remarks. ](/news/2011/03/1/christian-dior-s-a-fires-fashion-designer-john-galliano-following-a-series-of-anti-semitic-remarks.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
4. [Christian Dior suspends fashion designer John Galliano following his arrest in Paris for allegedly making an anti-Semetic rant towards a couple in a cafe as well as an assault. ](/news/2011/02/25/christian-dior-suspends-fashion-designer-john-galliano-following-his-arrest-in-paris-for-allegedly-making-an-anti-semetic-rant-towards-a-cou.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
5. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
6. [ The Vatican announces that it has taken the unusual step of suspending the announced beatification of the Reverend Leon Dehon in order to investigate charges of anti-Semitism. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-vatican-announces-that-it-has-taken-the-unusual-step-of-suspending-the-announced-beatification-of-the-reverend-leon-dehon-in-order-to-i.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
7. [ Jerusalem/Israel: Horst Kohler, President of Germany, has a special audience in the Knesset, the highest chamber of Israel. Speaking in German, he says that Germany has to fight more aggressively against anti-semitism and far-right parties. ](/news/2005/02/2/jerusalem-israel-horst-kaphler-president-of-germany-has-a-special-audience-in-the-knesset-the-highest-chamber-of-israel-speaking-in-ge.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
8. [ European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's ](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
9. [ Politics of Germany: German opposition party CDU votes to expel Member of Parliament Martin Hohmann after he made a speech that was widely criticised for being anti-Semitic.](/news/2003/11/14/politics-of-germany-german-opposition-party-cdu-votes-to-expel-member-of-parliament-martin-hohmann-after-he-made-a-speech-that-was-widely.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
10. [ The October Taylor Nelson Sofres / EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.](/news/2003/11/1/the-october-taylor-nelson-sofres-eos-gallup-eu-poll-reportedly-shows-that-59-of-europeans-think-that-israel-is-a-threat-to-world-peace.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
