### [2005-06-15](/news/2005/06/15/index.md)

#  Douglas Wood, an Australian hostage residing in California is released in Iraq after 47 days in captivity, and is now being moved to a secret location. 




### Source:

1. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/worldtoday/content/2005/s1393894.htm)

### Related:

1. [Australia raises its terror threat level to high following concerns about militants returning from conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/09/12/australia-raises-its-terror-threat-level-to-high-following-concerns-about-militants-returning-from-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
2. [Detainees at the Villawood Immigration Detention Centre in Sydney, Australia, go on a hunger strike following the suicide of an Iraqi detainee. ](/news/2010/11/16/detainees-at-the-villawood-immigration-detention-centre-in-sydney-australia-go-on-a-hunger-strike-following-the-suicide-of-an-iraqi-detain.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
3. [ War in Iraq: Employees of Australian-owned security firm Unity Resources Group open fire on a car in Baghdad killing two Iraqi women.](/news/2007/10/9/war-in-iraq-p-employees-of-australian-owned-security-firm-unity-resources-group-open-fire-on-a-car-in-baghdad-killing-two-iraqi-women.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard makes a commitment to keep Australian troops in Iraq until Iraq is able to control its own security. ](/news/2007/03/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-makes-a-commitment-to-keep-australian-troops-in-iraq-until-iraq-is-able-to-control-its-own-secu.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
5. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
6. [ The Cole Inquiry delivers its report to the Australian Government to be tabled in the Parliament of Australia on Monday. It was inquiring whether Australian companies notably AWB Limited paid bribes to the Government of Saddam Hussein in order to sell wheat to Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-cole-inquiry-delivers-its-report-to-the-australian-government-to-be-tabled-in-the-parliament-of-australia-on-monday-it-was-inquiring-w.md) _Context: Australia, Iraq_
7. [ United States Congressman Duncan Hunter (R-CA) claims U.S. Marines in Haditha, Iraq, killed 24 civilians in an incident in 2005. Earlier Rep. John Murtha (D-PA) had said even innocent women and children were killed in cold blood. ](/news/2006/05/20/united-states-congressman-duncan-hunter-r-ca-claims-u-s-marines-in-haditha-iraq-killed-24-civilians-in-an-incident-in-2005-earlier-re.md) _Context: California, Iraq_
8. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
9. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the  mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals , including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
