### [2005-06-15](/news/2005/06/15/index.md)

#  Qatari Prime Minister Abdallah ibn Khalifah Al Thani and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder agree to begin a study to look into the feasibility of building a maglev line approximately 160&nbsp;km long linking Qatar and Bahrain, powered by Transrapid technology developed by Siemens AG and ThyssenKrupp. Also being considered is a possible extension to the United Arab Emirates that would make the combined length of the line roughly 800&nbsp;km. 




### Source:

1. [AME Info](http://www.ameinfo.com/62493.html)
2. [Expatica](http://www.expatica.com/source/site_article.asp?subchannel_id=52&story_id=21075&name=Qatar+agrees+to+feasibility+study+for+Gulf+maglev)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
2. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
3. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Foreign relations of the United States: The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/foreign-relations-of-the-united-states-the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-c.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
5. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Foreign relations of Lebanon: Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/foreign-relations-of-lebanon-qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-av.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Foreign relations of Iran: Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/foreign-relations-of-iran-sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Bahrain, United Arab Emirates_
8. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder informs that he won't play a role in the Merkel grand coalition cabinet. He criticizes the United States for its response to Hurricane Katrina and "Anglo-Saxon economic policies," while stressing the importance of Franco-Germanic ties. ](/news/2005/10/12/german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-informs-that-he-won-t-play-a-role-in-the-merkel-grand-coalition-cabinet-he-criticizes-the-united-state.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
9. [ Following the German federal election, 2005, Christian Democrat Angela Merkel will become the next Chancellor of Germany, replacing Social Democrat Gerhard Schroder, although Schroder's party will be the dominant party in the grand coalition.](/news/2005/10/10/following-the-german-federal-election-2005-christian-democrat-angela-merkel-will-become-the-next-chancellor-of-germany-replacing-social.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
10. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire: A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
