### [2005-06-15](/news/2005/06/15/index.md)

#  The Israeli Shin Bet (SHABAK) states that one month ago it arrested an alleged eight-member Palestinian militant cell in Nablus that included four teenage would-be suicide bombers. It claimed that the cell was part of Fatah (the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority), and that the Lebanese group Hezbollah was behind it. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/588229.html)

### Related:

1. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, Palestinian Authority_
2. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israel arrests a 15-year-old Palestinian at a Hawara checkpoint, near Nablus, wearing a suicide bomb belt. ](/news/2005/05/22/israel-arrests-a-15-year-old-palestinian-at-a-hawara-checkpoint-near-nablus-wearing-a-suicide-bomb-belt.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, suicide bomber_
4. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
5. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
6. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
8. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
9. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus_
10. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
