### [2011-06-23](/news/2011/06/23/index.md)

# After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. 

Noam Schalit asks why it took Israeli governments five years to make move; Hamas rejects Red Cross call for sign of life.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/babylonbeyond/2011/06/israel-no-more-perks-for-palestinian-prisoners-says-prime-minister-netanyahu.html)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=226363)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as -unacceptable interference-. ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel had recently renewed contacts with a German mediator to negotiate the release of a captured Israeli soldier, Staff Sgt. Gilad Shalit, who is being held incommunicado by Hamas. ](/news/2010/10/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-israel-had-recently-renewed-contacts-with-a-german-mediator-to-negotiate-the-release-of.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
3. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:: The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, solitary confinement_
4. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
5. [The Cabinet of Israel approves a prisoner swap deal with Hamas for the release of the Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit, who had been held in captivity for five years. In exchange, Israel agrees to release a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel, among them hundreds of prisoners serving multiple life sentences for planning and perpetrating murderous attacks against Israeli civilians.](/news/2011/10/11/the-cabinet-of-israel-approves-a-prisoner-swap-deal-with-hamas-for-the-release-of-the-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit-who-had-been-held-i.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
6. [Freedom Flotilla II:: Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu says that Israel is "fully entitled to work against" attempts by the Gaza-bound "provocation flotilla" to smuggle arms into the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/06/30/freedom-flotilla-ii-israeli-prime-minister-binyamin-netanyahu-says-that-israel-is-fully-entitled-to-work-against-attempts-by-the-gaza-bo.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hamas, Israel_
8. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel. ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Fifteen Latin American parliaments pass simultaneous resolutions demanding that the captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado for over four years by Hamas, be released. ](/news/2010/10/24/fifteen-latin-american-parliaments-pass-simultaneous-resolutions-demanding-that-the-captive-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Captured Israeli soldier: Gilad Shalit: Hamas leader Khaled Mashal says Hamas plans to kidnap more IDF soldiers and increase the price for captive soldier Gilad Shalit if Israel does not meet its demands for a prisoner swap. ](/news/2010/06/28/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-says-hamas-plans-to-kidnap-more-idf-soldiers-and-increase-the-price-for-c.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
