### [2011-06-23](/news/2011/06/23/index.md)

# The United Nations says more cocaine is consumed in Scotland than any other country in the world, not the first time this has happened. The country also consumes more heroin than anywhere else in the United Kingdom. 

Scotland is again placed at the top of the United Nations league for cocaine consumption, well ahead of England and Wales.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-13898046)

### Related:

1. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum. Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
2. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
3. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute. A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Britain, United Nations_
4. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods. Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
5. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
6. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, United Nations_
7. [Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond says that blocking a post-independence Scotland from a currency union could damage businesses in the rest of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/17/scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-says-that-blocking-a-post-independence-scotland-from-a-currency-union-could-damage-businesses-in-the-re.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
8. [Scottish actor Peter Capaldi is announced to portray the twelfth incarnation of the Doctor on the long-running British science fiction show "Doctor Who". ](/news/2013/08/4/scottish-actor-peter-capaldi-is-announced-to-portray-the-twelfth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-on-the-long-running-british-science-fiction-show.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
9. [Britain's Royal Air Force (RAF) escorts an Egyptair Boeing 777 bound for New York to Glasgow Prestwick Airport in Scotland following an onboard incident. ](/news/2013/06/15/britain-s-royal-air-force-raf-escorts-an-egyptair-boeing-777-bound-for-new-york-to-glasgow-prestwick-airport-in-scotland-following-an-onbo.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
10. [A band of rain sweeping the United Kingdom brings fresh flooding and disrupted rail services to south-west England and Scotland. ](/news/2012/12/24/a-band-of-rain-sweeping-the-united-kingdom-brings-fresh-flooding-and-disrupted-rail-services-to-south-west-england-and-scotland.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
