### [2013-06-15](/news/2013/06/15/index.md)

# Britain's Royal Air Force (RAF) escorts an Egyptair Boeing 777 bound for New York to Glasgow Prestwick Airport in Scotland following an onboard incident. 

Britain&#39;s Royal Air Force has escorted an Egyptair plane bound for New York to a Scottish airport following an onboard incident, says the Ministry of Defence. 


### Source:

1. [AFP via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/Africa/News/UK-warplanes-escort-diverted-Egyptair-craft-20130615)

### Related:

1. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum: Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
2. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
3. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods: Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
4. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: Storm Desmond: The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
5. [Military intervention against ISIL: Operation Tidal Wave II: The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/military-intervention-against-isil-operation-tidal-wave-ii-the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Britain, Royal Air Force_
6. [Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond says that blocking a post-independence Scotland from a currency union could damage businesses in the rest of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/17/scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-says-that-blocking-a-post-independence-scotland-from-a-currency-union-could-damage-businesses-in-the-re.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
7. [Scottish actor Peter Capaldi is announced to portray the twelfth incarnation of the Doctor on the long-running British science fiction show "Doctor Who". ](/news/2013/08/4/scottish-actor-peter-capaldi-is-announced-to-portray-the-twelfth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-on-the-long-running-british-science-fiction-show.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
8. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Britain, New York City_
9. [A band of rain sweeping the United Kingdom brings fresh flooding and disrupted rail services to south-west England and Scotland. ](/news/2012/12/24/a-band-of-rain-sweeping-the-united-kingdom-brings-fresh-flooding-and-disrupted-rail-services-to-south-west-england-and-scotland.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland_
10. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Britain, Royal Air Force_
