### [2013-08-8](/news/2013/08/8/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A bomb explodes at a cemetery in the Afghan province of Nangarhar, killing at least 14 people. 

A bomb kills 12 women and two children in eastern Afghanistan as they visit a grave on the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-23611581)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. NATO forces in Afghanistan launch an investigation after a US airstrike in Nangarhar Province kills five Afghan policemen and injures another two. ](/news/2013/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-launch-an-investigation-after-a-us-airstrike-in-nangarhar-province-kills-fi.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan:. A suicide bombing at a funeral in the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar kills at least 25 people. ](/news/2012/09/4/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-funeral-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-nangarhar-kills-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
4. [War in Afghanistan. A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield. ](/news/2017/04/13/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2017-nangarhar-airstrike-the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-bla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A U.S. drone strike kills at least 6 ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province, according to the Afghan defense ministry. ](/news/2016/01/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-at-least-6-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-according-to-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
9. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Nangarhar Province_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natura.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
