### [2014-05-12](/news/2014/05/12/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Pro-Russian insurgents in Donetsk and Luhansk declare the cities independent states whilst on choosing to join Russia after controversial hastily-arranged referendums. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/insurgents-say-ukraine-region-opts-for-sovereignty/2014/05/12/5cb20ffe-d99c-11e3-a837-8835df6c12c4_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
2. [Ukrainian crisis. DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Luhansk People's Republic_
3. [War in Donbass. A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/war-in-donbass-a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
5. [War in Donbass. Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
6. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
7. [War in Donbass. The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Russia_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:. Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-vladimir-antyufeyev-a-russian-citizen-and-veteran-of-the-pro-russian-separatist-rebell.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk People's Republic_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-a-ukrainian-antonov-an-26-military-transport-plane-was-shot-down-near-luhansk-where-there-is-currently.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
