### [2014-05-12](/news/2014/05/12/index.md)

# Egyptian security forces arrested an alleged member of the Free Syrian Army in Giza's Imbaba. They also seized a number of explosives they claimed would allegedly be used in terror attacks in the country before the upcoming presidential elections. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/101055/Egypt/Politics-/Security-forces-arrest-alleged-member-of-Free-Syri.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Large blasts occur in Cairo and Giza, Egypt, targeting the State Security agency and leaving six police officers injured. ](/news/2015/08/20/large-blasts-occur-in-cairo-and-giza-egypt-targeting-the-state-security-agency-and-leaving-six-police-officers-injured.md) _Context: Egypt's, Giza_
2. [Egypt's security forces kill nine 'terrorists' during a raid in a Western Cairo suburb. The group were among "the most dangerous terrorists" wanted in Egypt according to Giza deputy security director Magdy Abd El-Aal. It has also been reported that Nasser al-Hafi, a former MP and a leading lawyer for the Muslim Brotherhood was among those killed. ](/news/2015/07/1/egypt-s-security-forces-kill-nine-terrorists-during-a-raid-in-a-western-cairo-suburb-the-group-were-among-the-most-dangerous-terrorists.md) _Context: Egypt's, Giza_
3. [An Egyptian accident in which a bus falls off of a bridge and plunges into a canal near Giza city kills at least 35 people. ](/news/2015/03/21/an-egyptian-accident-in-which-a-bus-falls-off-of-a-bridge-and-plunges-into-a-canal-near-giza-city-kills-at-least-35-people.md) _Context: Egypt's, Giza_
4. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls in the first of a two day voting period with Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi expected to be elected. ](/news/2014/05/26/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-in-the-first-of-a-two-day-voting-period-with-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-expected-to-be-elected.md) _Context: Egypt's, Egyptian presidential election, 2014_
5. [Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi resigns from his position as Minister of Defense and announces his bid for the upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2014/03/26/egyptian-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-resigns-from-his-position-as-minister-of-defense-and-announces-his-bid-for-the-upcoming-presiden.md) _Context: Egypt's, Egyptian presidential election, 2014_
6. [Egypt announces the discovery of a tomb in Luxor belonging to a royal goldsmith who lived more than 3,500 years ago in the 18th Dynasty. ](/news/2017/09/9/egypt-announces-the-discovery-of-a-tomb-in-luxor-belonging-to-a-royal-goldsmith-who-lived-more-than-3-500-years-ago-in-the-18th-dynasty.md) _Context: Egypt's_
7. [ Militants ambush a police convoy in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killing 18 police and wounding seven others. ](/news/2017/09/11/militants-ambush-a-police-convoy-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-killing-18-police-and-wounding-seven-others.md) _Context: Egypt's_
8. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt's_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt's_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt's_
