### [2013-05-15](/news/2013/05/15/index.md)

# According to the U.S. ATF, no evidence has yet been found that a bomb blast was responsible for the April West Fertilizer Company explosion that killed fifteen people in West, Texas. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/15/18281213-no-evidence-bomb-caused-texas-fertilizer-blast?lite=)

### Related:

1. [The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives finds that a 2013 fire at a fertilizer plant in the American town of West, Texas, that killed 15 people was arson and begins the search for suspects. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-finds-that-a-2013-fire-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-american-town-of-west-texas-th.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
2. [A paramedic in West, Texas, United States is arrested for possession of an explosive device, but authorities do not elaborate as to whether there is a connection to the deadly explosion last month at the town's fertilizer plant. ](/news/2013/05/10/a-paramedic-in-west-texas-united-states-is-arrested-for-possession-of-an-explosive-device-but-authorities-do-not-elaborate-as-to-whether.md) _Context: West Fertilizer Company explosion, West, Texas_
3. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-acute-lymp.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
8. [U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-and-kill-29-militants.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
