### [2013-05-15](/news/2013/05/15/index.md)

# Authorities in Myanmar and Bangladesh prepare for the arrival of Cyclone Mahasen, which has already killed at least seven people and displaced nearly 4,000 in Sri Lanka. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCABRE94E0GN20130515)

### Related:

1. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
2. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
3. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thailand-bangladesh-and-india-accord.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Myanmar, Sri Lanka_
5. [ Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-as.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
6. [Demonstrations against sexual violence after Delhi gang rape spread across Asia and are now happening in Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/01/4/demonstrations-against-sexual-violence-after-delhi-gang-rape-spread-across-asia-and-are-now-happening-in-nepal-sri-lanka-pakistan-and-bang.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sri Lanka_
7. [Several dozen Rohingya boat refugees from Bangladesh and Myanmar are accepted to India at Port Blair in the Andaman Islands after being detained by the Thai Navy and rejected at sea, but face repatriation to Bangladesh. ](/news/2011/02/8/several-dozen-rohingya-boat-refugees-from-bangladesh-and-myanmar-are-accepted-to-india-at-port-blair-in-the-andaman-islands-after-being-deta.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
8. [46 people die when heavy rains trigger landslides in western Myanmar, in Rakhine state in an area bordering Bangladesh. ](/news/2010/06/17/46-people-die-when-heavy-rains-trigger-landslides-in-western-myanmar-in-rakhine-state-in-an-area-bordering-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
9. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sri Lanka_
10. [ Foreign Minister of Burma/Myanmar Nyan Win visits Bangladesh to discuss with Shamsher M Chowdhury about a direct road link between the countries and repatriation of Burmese refugees ](/news/2005/02/24/foreign-minister-of-burma-myanmar-nyan-win-visits-bangladesh-to-discuss-with-shamsher-m-chowdhury-about-a-direct-road-link-between-the-coun.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Myanmar_
