### [2013-05-15](/news/2013/05/15/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom House of Commons, an amendment to last Wednesday's Queen's Speech expressing regret that it did not contain legislation for a referendum on EU membership is defeated 277&ndash;131. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22547910)

### Related:

1. [Brexit negotiations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
2. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
3. [Brexit: The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/brexit-the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atom.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
4. [Georgia-European Union relations: Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
5. [Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
6. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
7. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
