### [2013-05-15](/news/2013/05/15/index.md)

# The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. 

France has entered its second recession in four years after the economy shrank by 0.2% in the first quarter of the year, official figures show.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22536197)
2. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/world/eurozone-recession-deepens/story-e6frfkui-1226643361980)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Germany, Italy, Spain_
2. [NSA spying scandalBolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land ''en route'' to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandalpbolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Italy, Spain_
3. [European sovereign debt crisis:The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-pthe-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Italy, Spain_
4. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Germany, Italy, Spain_
5. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: France, Germany, Italy_
6. [The Eurozone moves out of 18 months of recession because of Germany and France. There was a growth rate of 0.3% in the June quarter. ](/news/2013/08/14/the-eurozone-moves-out-of-18-months-of-recession-because-of-germany-and-france-there-was-a-growth-rate-of-0-3-in-the-june-quarter.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Germany_
7. [Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet ''en route'' to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-president-evo-morales-official-jet-e.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Spain_
8. [Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/18/food-giant-nestle-removes-its-beef-pasta-meals-from-supermarkets-in-france-spain-and-italy-after-tests-confirmed-that-the-product-contain.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spain_
9. [Eurozone leaders hold an emergency meeting on assistance to Spain and Italy. ](/news/2012/06/28/eurozone-leaders-hold-an-emergency-meeting-on-assistance-to-spain-and-italy.md) _Context: Eurozone, Italy, Spain_
10. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spain_
