### [2004-11-1](/news/2004/11/1/index.md)

#  Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court William H. Rehnquist, who has been undergoing radiation and chemotherapy treatments for thyroid cancer, announces he will delay his return to the courtroom on the advice of his doctors. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/LAW/11/01/rehnquist.cancer.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist announces he will not retire from the court as long as his health permits him to remain. In October of 2004 Rehnquist, 80, was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and underwent a tracheotomy. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050715/ap_on_go_su_co/rehnquist_health_5 Yahoo News] (Link dead as of 00:39, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/07/14/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-announces-he-will-not-retire-from-the-court-as-long-as-his-health-permits-him-to-remain.md) _Context: Chief Justice, United States Supreme Court, thyroid cancer_
2. [ William Rehnquist, Chief Justice of the United States, dies of thyroid cancer at the age of 80. He was appointed Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1971 by Richard Nixon and was named Chief Justice by Ronald Reagan in 1986. ](/news/2005/09/3/william-rehnquist-chief-justice-of-the-united-states-dies-of-thyroid-cancer-at-the-age-of-80-he-was-appointed-associate-justice-of-the-u.md) _Context: Chief Justice, thyroid cancer_
3. [ By a vote of 78-22, the United States Senate confirms John G. Roberts, Jr. as Chief Justice, presiding over the Supreme Court. Roberts is sworn in later in the afternoon, and will preside over the Court's Fall term beginning October 3.](/news/2005/09/29/by-a-vote-of-78-22-the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-g-roberts-jr-as-chief-justice-presiding-over-the-supreme-court-roberts-is-s.md) _Context: Chief Justice, United States Supreme Court_
4. [ U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist is hospitalized with a fever. There have been no indications when Rehnquist, who is fighting thyroid cancer, will be released. ](/news/2005/07/13/u-s-supreme-court-chief-justice-william-rehnquist-is-hospitalized-with-a-fever-there-have-been-no-indications-when-rehnquist-who-is-figh.md) _Context: Chief Justice, thyroid cancer_
5. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
