### [2004-11-1](/news/2004/11/1/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bombing by a 16-year-old Palestinian boy in Tel Aviv kills three and wounds over 30 people. The Marxist Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine claims responsibility. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3970995.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6679582&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, suicide bombing_
3. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
4. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
5. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
7. [ 21-year-old Palestinian Sami Hammad, a suicide bomber, blew himself up at the old central bus station in southern Tel Aviv, in the Neveh Sha'anan neighborhood. Eleven people were killed and 70 more were wounded in the blast. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad has taken responsibility for the bombing. A Hamas spokesman calls the attack an "act of self-defense." ](/news/2006/04/17/21-year-old-palestinian-sami-hammad-a-suicide-bomber-blew-himself-up-at-the-old-central-bus-station-in-southern-tel-aviv-in-the-neveh-sh.md) _Context: Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
8. [ Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]date=September 2016 bot=medicbot=medic](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israeli.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomb attack kills at least five people in Netanya, north-western Israel. The attack follows confirmation from Shaul Mofaz that Israel will resume its policy of "targeted killings". ](/news/2005/12/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomb-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-netanya-north-western-israel-the-attack-follows-confirm.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bombing_
10. [ A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.md) _Context: Palestinian, suicide bombing_
