### [2004-05-21](/news/2004/05/21/index.md)

#  Active underwater volcano found off coast of Antarctica. New find explains discolored water surrounding the site. 




### Source:

1. [Newswise](http://www.newswise.com/articles/view/505130/)
2. [US NSF](http://www.nsf.gov/od/lpa/newsroom/pr.cfm?ni=98)

### Related:

1. [More than 134,000 people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, have been taken to shelters as the Mount Agung volcano continues to release smoke. The alert level for an eruption has been raised to the second highest level, 4. In addition, the entire population of Vanuatu's Aoba Island, also at alert level 4, is being moved from the path of the increasingly active Lombenben volcano. ](/news/2017/09/28/more-than-134-000-people-on-the-island-of-bali-indonesia-have-been-taken-to-shelters-as-the-mount-agung-volcano-continues-to-release-smoke.md) _Context: volcano_
2. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: volcano_
3. [A giant iceberg covering approximately 6000 km2 breaks away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-giant-iceberg-covering-approximately-6000-km2-breaks-away-from-the-larsen-c-ice-shelf-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica_
4. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Antarctica_
5. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: volcano_
6. [Australian icebreaker, "Aurora Australis", runs aground in Antarctica with 68 people on board. There are no reports of injuries. The Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) said blizzard conditions are hampering attempts to assess damage. ](/news/2016/02/24/australian-icebreaker-aurora-australis-runs-aground-in-antarctica-with-68-people-on-board-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries-the-austral.md) _Context: Antarctica_
7. [British explorer Henry Worsley dies at the age of 55 while attempting to be the first person to cross Antarctica unaided. ](/news/2016/01/25/british-explorer-henry-worsley-dies-at-the-age-of-55-while-attempting-to-be-the-first-person-to-cross-antarctica-unaided.md) _Context: Antarctica_
8. [Ash from Indonesia's Mount Rinjani volcano closes Bali's Ngurah Rai International Airport, the country's third busiest. Nearly 700 flights are cancelled. Officials will re-evaluate the situation tomorrow. Mount Rinjani started spewing ash last weekend. ](/news/2015/11/4/ash-from-indonesia-s-mount-rinjani-volcano-closes-bali-s-ngurah-rai-international-airport-the-country-s-third-busiest-nearly-700-flights-a.md) _Context: volcano_
9. [According to a new NASA (U.S.) study, ice sheet gains outweigh losses on the continent of Antarctica. An increase in snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago outweighs increased losses from the continent's thinning glaciers. In 2013, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change findings suggested gains were not keeping up with losses. NASA glaciologist Jay Zwally said, "We're essentially in agreement with other studies ... (except) ice gain in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica exceeds losses in the other areas." ](/news/2015/10/31/according-to-a-new-nasa-u-s-study-ice-sheet-gains-outweigh-losses-on-the-continent-of-antarctica-an-increase-in-snow-accumulation-that.md) _Context: Antarctica_
10. [Ecuador declares a state of emergency over increased activity at the Cotopaxi volcano near the capital of Quito. Its last major eruption was in 1877. ](/news/2015/08/16/ecuador-declares-a-state-of-emergency-over-increased-activity-at-the-cotopaxi-volcano-near-the-capital-of-quito-its-last-major-eruption-was.md) _Context: volcano_
