### [2011-07-5](/news/2011/07/5/index.md)

# Both "The Sun" and "Daily Mirror" tabloid newspapers are accused of being in contempt of court for publishing articles about the arrest of Christopher Jefferies in relation to the murder of Joanna Yeates; Jefferies was later released without charge. British Attorney General Dominic Grieve is seeking to bring charges against the newspapers. Judges will make a decision on the case at a later date.

Two national newspapers published articles following the arrest of a man over the killing of Jo Yeates which were in contempt of court, the High Court hears.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14024079)
2. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/uk/tabloid-jo-reports-in-contempt-16019664.html)

### Related:

1. [Christopher Jefferies, an early suspect in the investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates, accepts "substantial" libel damages from eight British newspapers after they published details of his private life. "The Sun" and "Daily Mirror" are also fined for contempt of court in their reporting of the investigation. ](/news/2011/07/29/christopher-jefferies-an-early-suspect-in-the-investigation-into-the-murder-of-joanna-yeates-accepts-substantial-libel-damages-from-eigh.md) _Context: Daily Mirror, The Sun, contempt of court, investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
2. [English Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC seeks leave to prosecute Sky News for contempt of court over its reporting of the 2009 kidnapping of Paul and Rachel Chandler, after the news channel allegedly breached an injunction preventing the disclosure of the couple's welfare. ](/news/2011/11/19/english-attorney-general-dominic-grieve-qc-seeks-leave-to-prosecute-sky-news-for-contempt-of-court-over-its-reporting-of-the-2009-kidnapping.md) _Context: Dominic Grieve, contempt of court_
3. [The High Court of England and Wales grants the Attorney General permission to bring a case against "The Sun" and the "Daily Mirror" for the way they reported aspects of the hunt for the killer of Joanna Yeates. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-high-court-of-england-and-wales-grants-the-attorney-general-permission-to-bring-a-case-against-the-sun-and-the-daily-mirror-for-the.md) _Context: Daily Mirror, investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
4. [Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". ](/news/2016/06/14/rupert-murdoch-controlled-tabloid-the-sun-britain-s-second-biggest-selling-newspaper-endorses-brexit-saying-that-the-people-of-uk-shoul.md) _Context: The Sun_
5. [Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/kim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-charges-but-she-may-no.md) _Context: contempt of court_
6. [Kim Davis, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/kim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-religious-freedom-to.md) _Context: contempt of court_
7. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: The Sun_
8. [Former British Cabinet minister Andrew Mitchell says he will take legal action against "The Sun" over claims he swore and called police officers plebs in a row in Downing Street. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-british-cabinet-minister-andrew-mitchell-says-he-will-take-legal-action-against-the-sun-over-claims-he-swore-and-called-police-offi.md) _Context: The Sun_
9. ["The Sun" newspaper apologizes for accessing private information on a stolen mobile phone belonging to Labour MP Siobhain McDonagh. ](/news/2013/03/18/the-sun-newspaper-apologizes-for-accessing-private-information-on-a-stolen-mobile-phone-belonging-to-labour-mp-siobhain-mcdonagh.md) _Context: The Sun_
10. [Former WBO heavyweight champion Herbie Hide is questioned by police in connection with the supply of illegal drugs after he voluntarily attended a police station. He denies the allegation by "The Sun" newspaper that he offered to throw a fight for GBP1 million. ](/news/2013/02/27/former-wbo-heavyweight-champion-herbie-hide-is-questioned-by-police-in-connection-with-the-supply-of-illegal-drugs-after-he-voluntarily-atte.md) _Context: The Sun_
