### [2011-07-5](/news/2011/07/5/index.md)

# Ghulam Nabi Azad, health minister of India, describes homosexual sex as "unnatural" and homosexuality as a "disease" which is "spreading fast" throughout the country. 

India&rsquo;s health minister has outraged activists by calling homosexuality a &ldquo;disease&rdquo; and &ldquo;completely unnatural&rdquo; during a conference&hellip;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia-pacific/indian-health-minister-calls-homosexuality-disease-during-hiv-conference-angers-activists/2011/07/05/gHQAGYjfyH_story.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-14024774)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2011/0705/breaking19.html)
4. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10736494&ref=rss)

### Related:

1. [Ghulam Nabi Azad, India's Minister of Health and Family Welfare, reports that the country has almost entirely eradicated polio through a vaccination program which immunises over 170 million children every year. No new polio cases have been reported in India for over nine months. ](/news/2011/10/24/ghulam-nabi-azad-india-s-minister-of-health-and-family-welfare-reports-that-the-country-has-almost-entirely-eradicated-polio-through-a-vac.md) _Context: Ghulam Nabi Azad, India_
2. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
3. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
6. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: India_
7. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
8. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
