### [2014-04-11](/news/2014/04/11/index.md)

# 2014 Crimean crisis: Montenegro, Norway, Iceland and Albania join the list of countries supporting sanctions including asset freezings and travel bans directed at Russian individuals. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/04/11/nato-chief-visits-bulgaria-calls-on-russia-to-pull-back-its-troops-from-ukraine/)
2. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/montenegro-iceland-norway-albania-join-eu-sanctions-against-those-who-threaten-ukraines-sovereignty-343141.html)

### Related:

1. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Iceland, Norway_
2. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: Iceland, Norway_
3. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:: Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-travel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-fin.md) _Context: Iceland, Norway_
4. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Albania, Montenegro_
5. [Montenegro-NATO relations: Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro_
6. [Albanian parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/albanian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy.md) _Context: Albania_
7. [China-Norway relations: Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/china-norway-relations-prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-t.md) _Context: Norway_
8. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: Montenegro_
9. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an offshore prospect, in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-the.md) _Context: Norway_
10. [Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama dismisses four cabinet ministers, including Minister of Internal Affairs Saimir Tahiri and Minister of Health Ilir Beqaj, in a bid to make the government more technocratic following opposition Democratic Party protests. ](/news/2017/03/12/albanian-prime-minister-edi-rama-dismisses-four-cabinet-ministers-including-minister-of-internal-affairs-saimir-tahiri-and-minister-of-heal.md) _Context: Albania_
