### [2014-04-11](/news/2014/04/11/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama nominates Sylvia Mathews Burwell to be the next United States Secretary of Health and Human Services to replace the resigning Kathleen Sebelius. 

President Barack Obama said on Friday he will promote budget director Sylvia Mathews Burwell to be his next health secretary, who will preside over the next difficult phase of his healthcare law in the months before November congressional elections.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/11/us-usa-healthcare-obama-idUSBREA3918920140411)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140411&t=2&i=883348708&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBREA3A15RL00)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius resigns from the Obama Administration. OMB Director Sylvia Mathews Burwell is expected to be nominated to replace Sebelius. ](/news/2014/04/10/united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-kathleen-sebelius-resigns-from-the-obama-administration-omb-director-sylvia-mathews-bu.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Health and Human Services Secretary, Kathleen Sebelius, Sylvia Mathews Burwell_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama nominates Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2009/03/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-nominates-kansas-governor-kathleen-sebelius-as-secretary-of-health-and-human-services.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Health and Human Services Secretary, Kathleen Sebelius, U.S. President_
3. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
7. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
8. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
10. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
