### [2014-04-11](/news/2014/04/11/index.md)

# Two rival factions of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan clash in Waziristan, Pakistan, leaving 12 insurgents dead. 

At least 12 insurgents were killed on Friday in the latest round of infighting between Taliban factions in Pakistan’s restive Waziristan region, security officials said. More than 50 rebels have been


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/south-asia/taliban-infighting-kills-12-in-northern-pakistan/article5901921.ece)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan: Pakistani Taliban militants, in two attacks, kill seven police officers who were guarding medical workers administering polio vaccinations in Karachi. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistani-taliban-militants-in-two-attacks-kill-seven-police-officers-who-were-guarding-medical-workers-admini.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-3.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
5. [Taunsa Sharif bombing: A suicide bomb kills at least seven people and injures 13 others in Pakistan-s Punjab province inside the political office of Pakistan Muslim League MNA Sardar Amjad Farooq Khan Khosa, who was not present. Sardar Khosa, who is attending a meeting in Islamabad, said he did not receive any threat or alert prior to the blast. A Taliban splinter group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/10/14/taunsa-sharif-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-seven-people-and-injures-13-others-in-pakistan-s-punjab-province-inside-the-political.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
6. [2015 Camp Badaber attack: Two security personnel, 17 worshippers in a mosque, and 13 militants are killed following a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan attack on a Pakistan Air Force base on the outskirts of Peshawar. ](/news/2015/09/18/2015-camp-badaber-attack-two-security-personnel-17-worshippers-in-a-mosque-and-13-militants-are-killed-following-a-tehrik-i-taliban-pakis.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan: The Pakistan Army claims to have killed 80 Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan fighters in fighting in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in recent days while the Taliban claims to have killed at least six soldiers. ](/news/2015/03/22/war-in-north-west-pakistan-the-pakistan-army-claims-to-have-killed-80-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-fighters-in-fighting-in-khyber-pakhtunkhwa.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan: Pakistan announces the arrest of twelve Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in relation to their alleged involvement in last year's school massacre. ](/news/2015/02/13/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistan-announces-the-arrest-of-twelve-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-in-relation-to-their-alleged-involvement-in-la.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan: The Pakistan Armed Forces attacks two Pakistani Taliban positions near Peshawar, killing 5 militants. ](/news/2014/12/20/war-in-north-west-pakistan-the-pakistan-armed-forces-attacks-two-pakistani-taliban-positions-near-peshawar-killing-5-militants.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:: A US drone strike kills eleven insurgents in a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan compound in North Waziristan. ](/news/2014/07/19/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-us-drone-strike-kills-eleven-insurgents-in-a-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-compound-in-north-waziristan.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan_
