### [2015-10-7](/news/2015/10/7/index.md)

# China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3264310/China-investigates-former-Sinopec-chairman-discipline-violations.html)
2. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/policies-politics/article/1865108/fujian-governor-under-investigation-anti-corruption)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Hong Kong: Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
2. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
3. [The foreign ministry of the People's Republic of China confirms that the country's head of state Xi Jinping will attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this year, making him the first President of China to attend the high-profile event. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-foreign-ministry-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-confirms-that-the-country-s-head-of-state-xi-jinping-will-attend-the-world-economic-f.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
4. [Anti-corruption campaign in China:: The former party chief of Liaoning and Jilin provinces, Wang Min, is placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/03/5/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-the-former-party-chief-of-liaoning-and-jilin-provinces-wang-min-is-placed-under-investigation-by-the-c.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
5. [Censorship in China: Jia Jia, a columnist for China's Tencent media company is reported missing after not being heard from since Tuesday, when he was on his way to Hong Kong. He was last heard from when he tried to warn a friend about publishing an anonymous letter calling for President Xi Jinping's resignation. ](/news/2016/03/18/censorship-in-china-jia-jia-a-columnist-for-china-s-tencent-media-company-is-reported-missing-after-not-being-heard-from-since-tuesday-wh.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
6. [Anti-corruption campaign in China: Wei Hong, Governor of Sichuan province, is announced to be under investigation for "breaching discipline" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2016/01/15/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-wei-hong-governor-of-sichuan-province-is-announced-to-be-under-investigation-for-breaching-discipline.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
7. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Xi Jinping_
8. [Yu Weiguo becomes the acting Governor of Fujian province, replacing Su Shulin, who had been detained on suspicion of corruption. ](/news/2015/11/27/yu-weiguo-becomes-the-acting-governor-of-fujian-province-replacing-su-shulin-who-had-been-detained-on-suspicion-of-corruption.md) _Context: Fujian, Su Shulin_
9. [Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a major overhaul of China-s military to make the world-s largest army more combat ready and better equipped to project force beyond the country-s borders. Under the reorganization, all branches of the armed forces would come under a joint military command. The Chinese president said the reform aimed to "build an elite combat force" and called on the officials to make "breakthroughs" on establishing the joint command by 2020, Xinhua said. ](/news/2015/11/27/chinese-president-xi-jinping-announced-a-major-overhaul-of-china-s-military-to-make-the-world-s-largest-army-more-combat-ready-and-bette.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
10. [Anti-corruption campaign in China: Beijing Deputy Communist Party Secretary Lu Xiwen and Shanghai vice mayor Ai Baojun are placed under investigation by the top anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. ](/news/2015/11/11/anti-corruption-campaign-in-china-beijing-deputy-communist-party-secretary-la1-4-xiwen-and-shanghai-vice-mayor-ai-baojun-are-placed-under-inv.md) _Context: Anti-corruption campaign in China, Central Commission for Discipline Inspection_
