### [2015-10-7](/news/2015/10/7/index.md)

# Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/sportsnews/article-3263820/Sepp-Blatter-provisionally-suspended-90-days-FIFA-ethics-committee.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/34468663)

### Related:

1. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter, Swiss, attorney general's_
2. [The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland opens criminal proceedings against the President of FIFA Sepp Blatter. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-office-of-the-attorney-general-of-switzerland-opens-criminal-proceedings-against-the-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter, Swiss_
3. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
5. [Former President of FIFA Sepp Blatter and suspended President of UEFA boss Michel Platini lose their appeals against being banned from all football related activities but the period of the ban is reduced from eight to six years. ](/news/2016/02/24/former-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter-and-suspended-president-of-uefa-boss-michel-platini-lose-their-appeals-against-being-banned-from-all-f.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
6. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
7. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
8. [Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-federation-of-guatemala.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
9. [Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. ](/news/2016/01/10/lawyers-for-former-fifa-chief-sepp-blatter-confirm-that-he-will-appeal-his-eight-year-ban-from-the-organisation.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
10. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
