### [2015-10-7](/news/2015/10/7/index.md)

# Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. 

Aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres wants a never-used body to investigate the US bombing of its hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34463608)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/07/us-afghanistan-attack-msf-idUSKCN0S10SX20151007)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/10/07/obama-apologizes-for-afghan-hospital-bombing/)

### Related:

1. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present), war crime_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present) The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-pthe-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
3. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015–present), war crime_
4. [A prolonged series of American military airstrikes hit a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in Kunduz, killing twelve staff members and at least seven patients, including three children, with 37 seriously injured and many more people still missing. ](/news/2015/10/3/a-prolonged-series-of-american-military-airstrikes-hit-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-killing-tw.md) _Context: Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Médecins Sans Frontières, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
6. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
7. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghanistan, U.S., War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
8. [  Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
9. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Médecins Sans Frontières, war crime_
10. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, War in Afghanistan (2015–present)_
