### [2015-10-7](/news/2015/10/7/index.md)

# Russia launches an intense bombing campaign in the Syrian governorates of Idlib and Hama. The Syrian Army is conducting a ground offensive in the same area. 

Four Russian Navy warships have fired a total of 26 missiles at the position of the terrorist group Islamic State in Syria, Russia’s Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu announced. The missiles were fired from the Caspian Sea.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Heavy-Russian-strikes-hit-western-Syria-421137)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/317864-russian-warships-missiles-launch/)
3. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCAKCN0S10BI20151007)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/07/us-mideast-crisis-syria-rebels-idUSKCN0S111020151007)
4. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2015.10/article/561521cfc46188d5238b4587.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/11/29/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russian-airstrikes-kill-at-least-18-civilians-and-wound-dozens-more-in-the-town-of-ariha-in.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
3. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
4. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Army_
5. [A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russia-s-ministry-of-defen.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Army_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
7. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Army_
8. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
9. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
10. [Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas -- evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflict-intelligence-team-photo-geolocate-three-russian-military-personnel-outs.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
