### [2015-10-7](/news/2015/10/7/index.md)

# The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. 

A two-time cancer-surviving grandmother from Brisbane wins her David and Goliath battle against a US biotech firm that wanted to patent the BRCA-1 cancer gene.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-10-07/breast-cancer-gene-cant-be-patented-high-court-rules/6833232)

### Related:

1. [Fields Medal. Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. ](/news/2017/07/15/fields-medal-maryam-mirzakhani-the-first-woman-and-first-iranian-to-win-the-fields-medal-in-mathematics-dies-at-40-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
2. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: breast cancer_
4. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
5. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: breast cancer_
6. [The High Court of Australia finds that a group of 157 Sri Lankan asylum seekers were legally detained by Australian authorities at sea. The government acted lawfully and the group is not entitled to damages. ](/news/2015/01/28/the-high-court-of-australia-finds-that-a-group-of-157-sri-lankan-asylum-seekers-were-legally-detained-by-australian-authorities-at-sea-the.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
7. [The High Court of Australia recognises a neutral third gender that is neither male nor female. ](/news/2014/04/2/the-high-court-of-australia-recognises-a-neutral-third-gender-that-is-neither-male-nor-female.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
8. [A study released by the University of California, San Diego shows that vitamin D increases the chances of survival in patients suffering from breast cancer. ](/news/2014/03/7/a-study-released-by-the-university-of-california-san-diego-shows-that-vitamin-d-increases-the-chances-of-survival-in-patients-suffering-fro.md) _Context: breast cancer_
9. [Australian federal election, 2013:. The High Court of Australia rules that the Senate election in the state of Western Australia was void, meaning that a half-Senate election will be held in that state. ](/news/2014/02/20/australian-federal-election-2013-the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-was-void-m.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
10. [Justice Kenneth Hayne of the High Court of Australia voids the Senate election in the state of Western Australia due to the loss of ballot papers in a very close election. ](/news/2014/02/18/justice-kenneth-hayne-of-the-high-court-of-australia-voids-the-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-due-to-the-loss-of-ballot-p.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
