### [2017-06-10](/news/2017/06/10/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chief of Staffs amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. 

Theresa May’s key aides Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill have resigned, taking the blame for her disastrous election campaign. Mr Timothy said he was taking responsibility for the social care U-turn which torpedoed her manifesto, acknowledging he had “oversight of our policy programme”. “In particular, I regret the decision not to include in the manifesto a ceiling as well as a floor in our proposal to help meet the increasing cost of social care,” he added.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2017-40236152)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-nick-timothy-fiona-hill-aides-quit-advisors-tory-election-campaign-manifesto-policies-a7783341.html)

### Related:

1. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
6. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-allegedly-planned-on-reducing-social-welfa.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
