### [2017-06-10](/news/2017/06/10/index.md)

# Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. 

U.S. special forces are aiding troops from the Philippines in attempting to break a now three-week-old siege of the town of Marawi on Mindanao island, a military spokesman for the Southeast Asian country said.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/10/u-s-special-forces-helping-philippines-troops-in-battle-against-militants-allied-to-islamic-state.html)

### Related:

1. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Marawi, Maute group, Philippines_
2. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Marawi crisis, Philippines, United States_
3. [Marawi crisis: Philippine Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana announces the deaths of ten soldiers in Marawi as a result of a "friendly fire" airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/1/marawi-crisis-philippine-defense-secretary-delfin-lorenzana-announces-the-deaths-of-ten-soldiers-in-marawi-as-a-result-of-a-friendly-fire.md) _Context: Marawi, Marawi crisis, Philippines_
4. [Marawi crisis: Philippine forces continue to battle Maute militants for the city of Marawi. ](/news/2017/05/29/marawi-crisis-philippine-forces-continue-to-battle-maute-militants-for-the-city-of-marawi.md) _Context: Marawi, Marawi crisis, Maute group_
5. [Marawi crisis: Citizens remain trapped in Marawi, Philippines, after a ceasefire organised by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is broken. Up to 2,000 people remain in need of help after nearly two weeks without food. ](/news/2017/06/4/marawi-crisis-citizens-remain-trapped-in-marawi-philippines-after-a-ceasefire-organised-by-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-milf-is-br.md) _Context: Marawi, Marawi crisis_
6. [2017 Marawi clash: President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/2017-marawi-clash-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in.md) _Context: Marawi, Maute group_
7. ["My Family's Slave": A controversial piece written in "The Atlantic" magazine about the Filipino servant caste and the Filipino American family involved in it triggers a debate in both the Philippines and the United States. ](/news/2017/05/22/my-family-s-slave-a-controversial-piece-written-in-the-atlantic-magazine-about-the-filipino-servant-caste-and-the-filipino-american-fam.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
8. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: United States, special forces_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
10. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine Drug War: United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
