### [2003-09-20](/news/2003/09/20/index.md)

#  Canadian Liberal Leadership Race: Early numbers from delegate-selection elections within the Liberal Party confirm Paul Martin will win an automatic first-round victory at the forthcoming leadership convention. Barring unforeseen circumstances, Martin can now be expected to become Canada's 21st Prime Minister in February 2004.




### Related:

1. [ Canadian Liberal Leadership Race: Balloting begins in delegate-selection meetings across Canada which will determine the outcome of the Liberal leadership convention this November. Paul Martin is expected to easily secure enough votes to beat opponent Sheila Copps. This all-but guarantees Martin will replace his longtime rival Jean Chretien as the next Prime Minister of Canada.](/news/2003/09/19/canadian-liberal-leadership-race-balloting-begins-in-delegate-selection-meetings-across-canada-which-will-determine-the-outcome-of-the-lib.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin, Jr._
2. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin, Jr._
3. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
5. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
6. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
7. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
8. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
9. [Paul Martin, Jr. is appointed Canada's 21st Prime Minister, and takes his oath of office along with his cabinet. Notable Ministers include Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan in Domestic Security, Ralph Goodale in Finance, Pierre Pettigrew in Health and Intergovernmental Affairs, Lucienne Robillard in Industry, Irwin Cotler in Justice, Bill Graham in Foreign Affairs and David Pratt in Defence. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/12/martin_cab031212]](/news/2003/12/12/paul-martin-jr-is-appointed-canada-s-21st-prime-minister-and-takes-his-oath-of-office-along-with-his-cabinet-notable-ministers-include-d.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin, Jr._
10. [ 90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.](/news/2003/09/22/90-of-the-delegates-elected-to-the-november-15-convention-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-support-paul-martin-thereby-assuring-that-he-wil.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
