### [2003-09-20](/news/2003/09/20/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Two American soldiers are killed and 13 wounded in a mortar attack in Abu Ghraib, and another soldier dies in a roadside attack in Ramadi, bringing the number of U.S. deaths since the war began to 304, of which 165 occurred after President Bush's "mission accomplished" statement of May 1. A member of the Governing Council, Dr. Aquila al-Hashimi, is shot in an assassination attempt (she dies five days later). United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan strongly condemns the attack and warns that it only undermines the country's political progress.




### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan wishes editors to stop reprinting the controversial Muhammad cartoons. ](/news/2006/02/10/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-wishes-editors-to-stop-reprinting-the-controversial-muhammad-cartoons.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
2. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. ](/news/2005/04/15/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-accuses-the-united-states-and-britain-of-not-accepting-enough-responsibility-for-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan, speaking in a UN Security Council debate, urges member states to define a clearer role for the UN in Iraq. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3325251.stm]](/news/2003/12/16/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-speaking-in-a-un-security-council-debate-urges-member-states-to-define-a-clearer-role-for-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General, United Nations_
4. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: Iraq Interim Governing Council, Kofi Annan, United Nations_
5. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
6. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
7. [ Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, urges the Government of Myanmar to show restraint in its treatment of students and pro-democracy activists who have been protesting against the regime. ](/news/2007/08/24/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-urges-the-government-of-myanmar-to-show-restraint-in-its-treatment-of-students-an.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations_
8. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
9. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
10. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
