### [2004-01-18](/news/2004/01/18/index.md)

#  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon praises the Israeli ambassador to Sweden, Zvi Mazel, for vandalising the artwork entitled "Snow White and The Madness of Truth" displayed at a Stockholm museum. The piece, created by an Israeli-born composer/musician, consists of a white float carrying a picture of a Palestinian suicide bomber in a pool of blood-coloured water. Mazel was caught on surveillance video disconnecting the electric power from the display and throwing a lamp into the water. Mazel says, "This exhibit was the culmination of dozens of anti-Israel and anti-Jewish events in Sweden."




### Related:

1. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, suicide bomber_
2. [ "Snow White and The Madness of Truth" displayed at a Stockholm museum is again vandalized. A Russian-Jewish artist floats another image in the pool, that of Mijailo Mijailovic, the murderer of Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh.](/news/2004/01/19/snow-white-and-the-madness-of-truth-displayed-at-a-stockholm-museum-is-again-vandalized-a-russian-jewish-artist-floats-another-image-in.md) _Context: Snow White and The Madness of Truth, Stockholm_
3. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
4. [A vehicle is driven into a group of people on a street in Stockholm, Sweden, killing four people. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-vehicle-is-driven-into-a-group-of-people-on-a-street-in-stockholm-sweden-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Stockholm_
5. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
6. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Stockholm_
7. [After Swedish police arrest a suspect on drug-related charges, rioting occurs in Rinkeby, a suburb of the Swedish capital Stockholm. ](/news/2017/02/21/after-swedish-police-arrest-a-suspect-on-drug-related-charges-rioting-occurs-in-rinkeby-a-suburb-of-the-swedish-capital-stockholm.md) _Context: Stockholm_
8. [An explosion outside a military camp in southern Yemen kills at least 49 people and injures many more. The explosion is believed to have been caused by a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest. ](/news/2016/12/18/an-explosion-outside-a-military-camp-in-southern-yemen-kills-at-least-49-people-and-injures-many-more-the-explosion-is-believed-to-have-bee.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
9. [A suicide bomber kills at least 29 people and injures 50 others in an attack on a police station near Mogadishu's port. ](/news/2016/12/11/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-50-others-in-an-attack-on-a-police-station-near-mogadishu-s-port.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
10. [Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29-people-and-injure-more-than-150.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
