### [2004-01-18](/news/2004/01/18/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A rocket attack in southern Baghdad kills two US soldiers and injures five others, while in the northern city of Mosul a suicide car bomb detonated near a U.S. military convoy kills a U.S. soldier and two Iraqis and injures 27 others. ](/news/2004/10/11/conflict-in-iraq-a-rocket-attack-in-southern-baghdad-kills-two-us-soldiers-and-injures-five-others-while-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, rebel-held_
2. [ At least 110 Iraqis are killed in a day of widespread violence, as the U.S. engages in new offensives to retake insurgent-held areas before the January elections. An al-Arabiya journalist is killed during a live broadcast when attack helicopters fire at a crowd gathered around a burning Bradley vehicle in Baghdad. Helicopters and tanks fire on residential areas in rebel-occupied Ramadi. More fighting takes place in Tal Afar and Hilla. ](/news/2004/09/12/at-least-110-iraqis-are-killed-in-a-day-of-widespread-violence-as-the-u-s-engages-in-new-offensives-to-retake-insurgent-held-areas-before.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, rebel-held_
3. [ Iraq Occupation and resistance: The United States formally hands over legal custody of Saddam Hussein to the new Iraqi government. The trial of Saddam Hussein is expected to take place in January. ](/news/2004/06/30/iraq-occupation-and-resistance-the-united-states-formally-hands-over-legal-custody-of-saddam-hussein-to-the-new-iraqi-government-the-tria.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq, rebel-held_
4. [ The headquarters of the US-led coalition in Baghdad come under rocket attack from Iraqi guerillas, the day before the new Iraqi temporary constitution is due to be signed. ](/news/2004/03/7/the-headquarters-of-the-us-led-coalition-in-baghdad-come-under-rocket-attack-from-iraqi-guerillas-the-day-before-the-new-iraqi-temporary-c.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, rebel-held_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
8. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
