### [2011-04-30](/news/2011/04/30/index.md)

# Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning, imprisoned by the United States on charges of disclosing government information to the general public, is found competent to stand trial by a "panel of experts", despite having earlier been thought of as a "suicide risk" and having his clothes removed. 

An army intelligence analyst jailed on charges of leaking United States government data to Wikileaks has been found competent to stand trial despite earlier being categorised as a suicide risk, accord


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article1981399.ece)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.thehindu.com/static/theme/default/base/img/og-image.jpg)

### Related:

1. [It is reported that the United States has denied the United Nations access to imprisoned serviceman Bradley Manning whom the U.S. accuses of disclosing government information to the general public. ](/news/2011/05/1/it-is-reported-that-the-united-states-has-denied-the-united-nations-access-to-imprisoned-serviceman-bradley-manning-whom-the-u-s-accuses-of.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States_
2. [A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/a-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradley-manning-occurs-in-london-with-supporters-from-wales-wh.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States_
3. [It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-information-regarding-people-connected-to-wikileaks-including-fou.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States_
4. [The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-grahamacassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-poss.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
