### [2002-04-23](/news/2002/04/23/index.md)

# Pope John Paul II meets with American cardinals at the Vatican through April 24 regarding sexual abuse of children by priests and religious workers.




### Related:

1. [Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigns as the Archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh due to allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour towards priests in the 1980s. ](/news/2013/02/25/cardinal-keith-o-brien-resigns-as-the-archbishop-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-due-to-allegations-of-inappropriate-sexual-behaviour-towards-p.md) _Context: Cardinal, priests, sexual abuse_
2. [Scottish Cardinal Keith O'Brien, who resigned last week due to allegations of sexual impropriety, admitted his past sexual misconduct and apologized for it. ](/news/2013/03/3/scottish-cardinal-keith-o-brien-who-resigned-last-week-due-to-allegations-of-sexual-impropriety-admitted-his-past-sexual-misconduct-and-ap.md) _Context: Cardinal, sexual abuse_
3. [The ''Philadelphia Daily News'' reports that Cardinal Justin Rigali will resign five months after a U.S. grand jury accuses the Archdiocese of Philadelphia that he heads of failing to investigate claims of sexual abuse of children by clergy in the diocese. ](/news/2011/07/18/the-philadelphia-daily-news-reports-that-cardinal-justin-rigali-will-resign-five-months-after-a-u-s-grand-jury-accuses-the-archdiocese.md) _Context: Cardinal, sexual abuse_
4. [Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of Archbishop Juliusz Paetz, who had been accused of sexual abuse.](/news/2002/03/28/pope-john-paul-ii-accepts-the-resignation-of-archbishop-juliusz-paetz-who-had-been-accused-of-sexual-abuse.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II, sexual abuse_
5. [Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third-most-senior-official-of-the-catho.md) _Context: Cardinal_
6. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings.  "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person  who appointed him, the Pope,  can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
7. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Cardinal_
8. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Cardinal_
9. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
10. [Pope Francis appoints twenty new cardinals resulting in a majority of members of the College of Cardinals being from outside Europe for the first time ever. ](/news/2015/02/14/pope-francis-appoints-twenty-new-cardinals-resulting-in-a-majority-of-members-of-the-college-of-cardinals-being-from-outside-europe-for-the.md) _Context: Cardinal_
