### [2003-11-14](/news/2003/11/14/index.md)

#  2003 California recall: California Secretary of State Kevin Shelley officially certifies the recall election and he declares Arnold Schwarzenegger the Governor-Elect. The swearing-in is set to take at 11:00 am PST on Monday November 17 on the steps of the State Capitol in Sacramento, California.




### Related:

1. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
2. [ California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger denies admiring Hitler. Arnold Schwarzenegger's denial comes days before the vote for the next governor of California.](/news/2003/10/3/california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-denies-admiring-hitler-arnold-schwarzenegger-s-denial-comes-days-before-the-vote-for-the-next-gov.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
3. [ California recall: Five candidates (Lt. Governor Cruz Bustamante, California state senator Tom McClintock, Peter Camejo, Peter Ueberroth and Arianna Huffington) attended the first debate held for the recall election. Arnold Schwarzenegger was criticized for not turning up at the debate. Issues such as tax and campaign finance were brought up.](/news/2003/09/3/california-recall-five-candidates-lt-governor-cruz-bustamante-california-state-senator-tom-mcclintock-peter-camejo-peter-ueberroth-an.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
4. [ 2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.](/news/2003/08/6/2003-california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-announces-he-will-run-for-governor-of-california-in-the-recall-election-of-gray-davis.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
5. [Police report multiple stabbings at a planned "white pride" rally in Sacramento, California between the Traditionalist Workers Party and counter-protesters. The Sacramento Fire Department reports seven people were taken to local hospitals, two with life-threatening wounds. ](/news/2016/06/26/police-report-multiple-stabbings-at-a-planned-white-pride-rally-in-sacramento-california-between-the-traditionalist-workers-party-and-cou.md) _Context: Sacramento, California_
6. [Two people are killed and three wounded in a shooting in Sacramento during the New Year's Eve celebrations. ](/news/2013/01/1/two-people-are-killed-and-three-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-sacramento-during-the-new-year-s-eve-celebrations.md) _Context: Sacramento, California_
7. [The Pacific Island nations of Samoa and Tokelau move from east to west of the International Date Line in order to align their time zone better with their main trading partners, meaning that they will not mark December 30 this year. ](/news/2011/12/29/the-pacific-island-nations-of-samoa-and-tokelau-move-from-east-to-west-of-the-international-date-line-in-order-to-align-their-time-zone-bett.md) _Context: time zone_
8. [Samoa announces that it will switch time zones. ](/news/2011/05/6/samoa-announces-that-it-will-switch-time-zones.md) _Context: time zone_
9. [Former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger admits to fathering the child of a longterm member of his household staff. ](/news/2011/05/17/former-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-admits-to-fathering-the-child-of-a-longterm-member-of-his-household-staff.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
10. [Former Governor of California and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and journalist Maria Shriver announce their separation after 25 years of marriage. ](/news/2011/05/10/former-governor-of-california-and-actor-arnold-schwarzenegger-and-journalist-maria-shriver-announce-their-separation-after-25-years-of-marri.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
