### [2003-11-14](/news/2003/11/14/index.md)

#  During his visit to London, President Bush plans to meet the families of UK troops killed in Iraq. Two US troops are killed near Samarra when their vehicle is blown up. US forces kill seven Iraqis thought to have been preparing a rocket attack. Pentagon bans cameras at funerals in Arlington National Cemetery. Coverage of bodies arriving at Dover Air Force Base is already banned.




### Related:

1. [ Between 110,000 (according to the police) and 300,000 (according to the organization) people demonstrate in and around Trafalgar Square in London against the war in Iraq and George W. Bush's state visit.](/news/2003/11/20/between-110-000-according-to-the-police-and-300-000-according-to-the-organization-people-demonstrate-in-and-around-trafalgar-square-in.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, London_
2. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
3. [Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
4. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
5. [Iraqi officials claim that ISIL have shot down a military helicopter near Samarra, killing both pilots. ](/news/2014/12/13/iraqi-officials-claim-that-isil-have-shot-down-a-military-helicopter-near-samarra-killing-both-pilots.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
6. [At least 33 people are killed and dozens more are injured in bombings in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Samarra in Iraq's worst violence in weeks. ](/news/2012/04/19/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-injured-in-bombings-in-baghdad-kirkuk-and-samarra-in-iraq-s-worst-violence-in-weeks.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
7. [At least 33 people die following a suicide bombing near the Iraqi city of Samarra. ](/news/2011/02/12/at-least-33-people-die-following-a-suicide-bombing-near-the-iraqi-city-of-samarra.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra_
8. [Demonstrators gather outside the Iranian Embassy in London to protest against an attack on Iranian exiles in Iraq, an attack reportedly ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2011/01/9/demonstrators-gather-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-london-to-protest-against-an-attack-on-iranian-exiles-in-iraq-an-attack-reportedly-orde.md) _Context: Iraq, London_
9. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
