### [2003-11-14](/news/2003/11/14/index.md)

#  Four former heads of Israel's internal security criticise the policies of the right wing Likud-led government of Ariel Sharon towards Palestinians and say the policies if not changed would see Israel "headed for (an) abyss". The four headed the security services for two decades between 1980 and 2000.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, four former heads of Shin Bet say Israel is heading for disaster unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's right-wing government changes its policies with regard to the Palestinians and begins negotiations. Ministers accuse the former security heads of creating a controversy for political reasons.](/news/2003/11/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-four-former-heads-of-shin-bet-say-israel-is-heading-for-disaster-unless-prime-minister-ariel-sharo.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Palestinians, right-wing_
2. [ Ariel Sharon presents the new politically right-wing Israeli government. Part of his coalition are Sharon's Likud bloc, the National Religious Party, the National Union and Tommy Lapid's secular Shinui party. ](/news/2003/02/27/ariel-sharon-presents-the-new-politically-right-wing-israeli-government-part-of-his-coalition-are-sharon-s-likud-bloc-the-national-religi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Likud, right-wing_
3. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, right-wing_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
5. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
6. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
7. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
8. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
9. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned. Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment. Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
10. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
