### [2003-11-14](/news/2003/11/14/index.md)

#  Politics of Germany: German opposition party CDU votes to expel Member of Parliament Martin Hohmann after he made a speech that was widely criticised for being anti-Semitic.




### Related:

1. [ Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS) People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/politics-of-germany-bundestag-list-of-political-parties-in-germany-spd-cdu-csu-greens-fdp-pds-people-guido-westerwelle-chancellor.md) _Context: Bundestag, CDU, Politics of Germany_
2. [The Landtag of the Free State of Saxony has lifted the immunity of Frauke Petry, Party Chair in the Alternative for Germany party, opening the way for prosecutors to pursue possible perjury charges against her concerning statements made to a committee of the Saxony parliament about how the party's campaign for the 2014 election was financed. ](/news/2017/08/29/the-landtag-of-the-free-state-of-saxony-has-lifted-the-immunity-of-frauke-petry-party-chair-in-the-alternative-for-germany-party-opening-t.md) _Context: Politics of Germany_
3. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Bundestag_
4. [Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl dies at the age of 87. ](/news/2017/06/16/former-german-chancellor-helmut-kohl-dies-at-the-age-of-87.md) _Context: Politics of Germany_
5. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: CDU_
6. [The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-bundestag-approves-a-ban-on-burqas-being-worn-by-members-of-the-german-civil-service.md) _Context: Bundestag_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: CDU_
8. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Bundestag_
9. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Bundestag_
10. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: CDU_
