### [2006-12-19](/news/2006/12/19/index.md)

#  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev condemns the Iranian government for acting "as the center of growing insecurity in Asia" by supporting terrorism, weapons and drug trafficking, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and illegal migration. The Foreign Ministry later says news agencies misquoted him. 




### Source:

1. [IRNA](http://www.irna.ir/en/news/view/menu-236/0612192124144003.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The foreign ministers of China, India and Russia meet in New Delhi, India to discuss greater cooperation between the three Asian countries on issues including terrorism, drug trafficking and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/14/the-foreign-ministers-of-china-india-and-russia-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-discuss-greater-cooperation-between-the-three-asian-countries.md) _Context: drug trafficking, terrorism_
2. [ Rakhat Aliyev, son-in-law of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and First Vice Foreign Minister, is demoted to ambassador to Austria for the second time amid accusations he stole money from Nurbank bank and alleged involvement in the kidnapping and murdering of two Nurbank officials. ](/news/2007/02/11/rakhat-aliyev-son-in-law-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-first-vice-foreign-minister-is-demoted-to-ambassador-to-austria-for.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
3. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev nominates Deputy Prime Minister Karim Masimov for Prime Minister. The Parliament will convene on 10 January to vote on the nomination. ](/news/2007/01/9/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-nominates-deputy-prime-minister-karim-masimov-for-prime-minister-the-parliament-will-convene-on-10-j.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
4. [ Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych arrives in Kazakhstan. He plans on meeting with Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and Prime Minister Daniyal Akhmetov. ](/news/2006/12/13/ukrainian-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-arrives-in-kazakhstan-he-plans-on-meeting-with-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-prime.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
5. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev calls on the Government to switch the alphabet used in the Kazakh language from Cyrillic letters to Latin. ](/news/2006/11/17/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-calls-on-the-government-to-switch-the-alphabet-used-in-the-kazakh-language-from-cyrillic-letters-to-l.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
6. [ Dariga Nazarbayeva, daughter of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, says it is time for Kazakhstan to "stop behaving like an obedient colony that bows to a foreign gentleman," referring to Lakshmi Mittal of Arcelor Mittal, "whose name appears on the "Forbes" magazine list." ](/news/2006/10/21/dariga-nazarbayeva-daughter-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-says-it-is-time-for-kazakhstan-to-stop-behaving-like-an-obedient-co.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
7. [ The leaders of Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia and Spain meet in Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela. They agree to resist drug trafficking, terrorism and poverty. ](/news/2005/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-venezuela-colombia-and-spain-meet-in-ciudad-guayana-venezuela-they-agree-to-resist-drug-trafficking-terrorism-an.md) _Context: drug trafficking, terrorism_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
