### [2006-08-15](/news/2006/08/15/index.md)

#  Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni Shrine, drawing many protests from around the region. 




### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/blogs/sfgate/category?blogid=15archive/&cat=498)

### Related:

1. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Yasukuni Shrine_
2. [ Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi visits the Yasukuni shrine which honors Japan's war dead including 14 Class A war criminals of World War II. This is Koizumi's fifth visit to Yasukuni since taking office in 2001. (CNN)](/news/2005/10/16/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-which-honors-japan-s-war-dead-including-14-class-a-war-criminals-of-wo.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Yasukuni Shrine_
3. [ An Osaka High Court judge rules that the visit by Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to the Yasukuni Shrine violates the constitution's separation of church and state. The visit by a Japanese head of government to the war shrine is a sensitive issue with China and South Korea. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-osaka-high-court-judge-rules-that-the-visit-by-japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-to-the-yasukuni-shrine-violates-the-constitutio.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Yasukuni Shrine_
4. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Yasukuni Shrine_
5. [An explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine-s southern entrance. No one was injured. ](/news/2015/11/23/an-explosion-at-japan-s-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-for-the-war-dead-in-tokyo-damages-the-ceiling-and-a-wall-of-a-public-bathroom-near-the.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
6. [The Kyodo news agency reports that the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo that could complicate relations with China and South Korea. ](/news/2014/10/17/the-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sent-a-ritual-offering-to-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-in-tok.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
7. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
8. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
9. [Japanese cabinet minister Yoshitaka Shindo visits the controversial Yasukuni Shrine potentially causing conflict with the Philippines, South Korea and the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2013/10/18/japanese-cabinet-minister-yoshitaka-shinda-visits-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-potentially-causing-conflict-with-the-philippines-sout.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
10. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers, Jin Matsubara and Yuichiro Hata, visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine amid territorial disputes with both the People's Republic of China and South Korea. ](/news/2012/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-jin-matsubara-and-yuichiro-hata-visit-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-amid-territorial-disputes-with-both.md) _Context: Yasukuni Shrine_
