### [2009-12-29](/news/2009/12/29/index.md)

#  China displaces the U.S. as the largest overall buyer of Japanese goods in 2009. 




### Source:

1. [Marketwatch](http://www.menafn.com/qn_news_story.asp?StoryId={F580E6F1-940E-4C3E-B4C1-941F47BD74D3})
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703278604574624243416217438.html?mod=rss_Heard_on_the_Street)

### Related:

1. [China-Japan relations: Senkaku Islands dispute: Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/china-japan-relations-senkaku-islands-dispute-japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army.md) _Context: China, Japan_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: China, Japan_
3. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: China, Japan_
4. [ The finals of the robot football World Cup are held. A Chinese team defeats the Netherlands in the finals of the middle-weight non-humanoid league, while another lost in the final of the small humanoid class to a team from Japan. ](/news/2015/07/22/the-finals-of-the-robot-football-world-cup-are-held-a-chinese-team-defeats-the-netherlands-in-the-finals-of-the-middle-weight-non-humanoid.md) _Context: China, Japan_
5. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: China, Japan_
6. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: China, Japan_
7. [Food safety incidents in China:: McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/food-safety-incidents-in-china-mcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-a.md) _Context: China, Japan_
8. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: China, Japan_
9. [A three-day summit is held in Tokyo between the leaders of Japan and ASEAN that will likely discuss the recent encroachment of China. ](/news/2013/12/13/a-three-day-summit-is-held-in-tokyo-between-the-leaders-of-japan-and-asean-that-will-likely-discuss-the-recent-encroachment-of-china.md) _Context: China, Japan_
10. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: China delimits an "air-defence identification zone" over an area of the East China Sea, covering Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2013/11/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-china-delimits-an-air-defence-identification-zone-over-an-area-of-the-east-china-sea-covering-diaoyu-senkaku-is.md) _Context: China, Japan_
