### [2007-02-12](/news/2007/02/12/index.md)

#  Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/asiapcf/02/12/taiwan.names.reut/)
2. [Reuters](http://in.today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2007-02-12T122822Z_01_NOOTR_RTRJONC_0_India-287311-1.xml&archived=False)

### Related:

1. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan, Taiwan, independence_
2. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, Taiwan, independence_
4. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, President, Taiwan, United States_
5. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, independence_
6. [In Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian signs a law that allows referendums to be held. The People's Republic of China condemns this. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3358655.stm]](/news/2003/12/31/in-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-signs-a-law-that-allows-referendums-to-be-held-the-people-s-republic-of-china-condemns-this-http-ne.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan_
7. [ The People's Republic of China expresses firm opposition to US restrictions on imports of textiles (from mainland China) and vows to take the dispute to the WTO. Abandoning tolerance toward Taiwan for the first time since 2000, the PRC threatens to use force and, ultimately, conduct war against Taiwan if it pursues independence. The PRC's state press condemns Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian's move toward holding a referendum on "independence" and providing the legislative framework for declaring a Republic of Taiwan.](/news/2003/11/19/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-firm-opposition-to-us-restrictions-on-imports-of-textiles-from-mainland-china-and-vows-to-take-t.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, independence_
8. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China, President, United States_
9. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: China, President, Taiwan_
10. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: China, Taiwan, United States_
