### [2007-02-12](/news/2007/02/12/index.md)

#  India's Hindalco Industries buys Atlanta-based Novelis for US$6 billion. 

India&#39;s largest aluminum producer announces plans to acquire Atlanta-based company.


### Source:

1. [BusinessWeek](http://www.businessweek.com/globalbiz/content/feb2007/gb20070212_419116.htm)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/2007/02/11/mergers-acquisitions-aluminum-biz-cx_0211hindalco.html)
3. [NYTimes](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/02/12/business/worldbusiness/12alum.html)

### Related:

1. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: India, US$_
2. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin sign several agreements including a $12.9 billion defense and energy deal. Russian state oil major Rosneft pays  for a controlling stake in both India's Essar Oil and port facilities that it already owns. ](/news/2016/10/15/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-sign-several-agreements-including-a-12-9-billion-defense-and-energ.md) _Context: India, US$_
3. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: India, US$_
4. [Gabon signs over US$4 billion of contracts with Indian and Singaporean companies for infrastructure projects, on the eve of the country's 50th anniversary since independence. ](/news/2010/08/14/gabon-signs-over-us-4-billion-of-contracts-with-indian-and-singaporean-companies-for-infrastructure-projects-on-the-eve-of-the-country-s-50.md) _Context: India, US$_
5. [ Vodafone's Chief Executive, Arun Sarin, says the company will spend US$2 billion to enhance its investments in India. ](/news/2007/02/14/vodafone-s-chief-executive-arun-sarin-says-the-company-will-spend-us-2-billion-to-enhance-its-investments-in-india.md) _Context: India, US$_
6. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: India, US$_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
