### [2013-07-7](/news/2013/07/7/index.md)

# Andy Murray of the United Kingdom wins the Men's Singles at Wimbledon, defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia in straight sets. Murray becomes the first British man to win Wimbledon since Fred Perry in 1936. 




### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/sport/tennis/a-year-from-his-tearful-wimbledon-final-loss-andy-murray-is-now-ready-to-end-britains-77-year-wait/story-fndkzym4-1226675623078)

### Related:

1. [In lawn tennis, Andy Murray of the United Kingdom wins the Men's Singles of the 2012 US Open defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia to become the first British player to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade, and the first British man to do so since Fred Perry. ](/news/2012/09/10/in-lawn-tennis-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-wins-the-men-s-singles-of-the-2012-us-open-defeating-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-to-become-th.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Fred Perry, Novak Djokovic, Serbia, United Kingdom_
2. [In tennis, defending champion Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeats second seed Andy Murray of the United Kingdom in the men's singles in straight sets. It is Djokovic's third straight Grand Slam title. ](/news/2016/01/31/in-tennis-defending-champion-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-defeats-second-seed-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-in-the-men-s-singles-in-straigh.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, Serbia, United Kingdom_
3. [In tennis, Novak Djokovic wins the men's singles at the 2013 Australian Open after his four-set victory over Andy Murray in the final. The Serbian player becomes the first male player in the Open Era to win three consecutive Australian Open singles titles. ](/news/2013/01/27/in-tennis-novak-djokovic-wins-the-men-s-singles-at-the-2013-australian-open-after-his-four-set-victory-over-andy-murray-in-the-final-the-s.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
4. [In tennis, Andy Murray defeats Novak Djokovic 6-3, 6-4 in the final of the 2016 ATP World Tour finals and finishes the year as the world's number 1. ](/news/2016/11/20/in-tennis-andy-murray-defeats-novak-djokovic-6a3-6a4-in-the-final-of-the-2016-atp-world-tour-finals-and-finishes-the-year-as-the-world.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
5. [In tennis, Andy Murray of Scotland defeats Canadian Milos Raonic in the finals of the men's singles to win his second Wimbledon championship. It is the first time that a men's Wimbledon final has not featured Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic since 2002. ](/news/2016/07/10/in-tennis-andy-murray-of-scotland-defeats-canadian-milos-raonic-in-the-finals-of-the-men-s-singles-to-win-his-second-wimbledon-championship.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
6. [Novak Djokovic tops Andy Murray to win the French Open men's championship. This completes his non-calendar year Grand Slam. Djokovic is the first man since 1969 (Rod Laver) to hold all four Grand Slam singles titles at once. ](/news/2016/06/5/novak-djokovic-tops-andy-murray-to-win-the-french-open-men-s-championship-this-completes-his-non-calendar-year-grand-slam-djokovic-is-the.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
7. [In tennis,  Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeats Roger Federer of Switzerland 3 sets to 1 in the final of the men's singles. ](/news/2015/09/13/in-tennis-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-defeats-roger-federer-of-switzerland-3-sets-to-1-in-the-final-of-the-men-s-singles.md) _Context: Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
8. [In tennis, Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland defeats Novak Djokovic of Serbia 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 in the men's singles final for his first win at Roland Garros and his second Grand Slam singles title. Wawrinka's victory also denies Djokovic a career Grand Slam. ](/news/2015/06/7/in-tennis-stan-wawrinka-of-switzerland-defeats-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-4a6-6a4-6a3-6a4-in-the-men-s-singles-final-for-his-first.md) _Context: Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
9. [In tennis, Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the men's final at the 2013 Australian Open after his five-set victory over Roger Federer in the semifinal. ](/news/2013/01/25/in-tennis-andy-murray-will-face-novak-djokovic-in-the-men-s-final-at-the-2013-australian-open-after-his-five-set-victory-over-roger-federer.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
10. [British professional racing cyclist Bradley Wiggins wins the 2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award ahead of track and field athlete Jessica Ennis and tennis player Andy Murray. ](/news/2012/12/16/british-professional-racing-cyclist-bradley-wiggins-wins-the-2012-bbc-sports-personality-of-the-year-award-ahead-of-track-and-field-athlete.md) _Context: Andy Murray, United Kingdom_
