### [2017-09-20](/news/2017/09/20/index.md)

#  California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. 

 SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California&#39;s attorney general sued the Trump administration Wednesday over its plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, arguing it&#39;s oversteppi


### Source:

1. [AP](https://apnews.com/94a5ab1078e648beb2d1a5017b8005ae/California-sues-Trump-administration-to-prevent-border-wall)
2. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/351547-california-to-sue-over-trumps-border-wall)
2. [Cover Image](https://apnews.com/dist/assets/images/Twitterlogo.png)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
2. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
3. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access-pipelines.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Senator John McCain says the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [Amid criticism of U.S. national anthem protests by U.S. President Donald Trump, some National Football League players and teams react to the controversy by kneeling, linking arms, or skipping game performances of the national anthem. ](/news/2017/09/24/amid-criticism-of-u-s-national-anthem-protests-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-some-national-football-league-players-and-teams-react-to-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
