### [2017-09-20](/news/2017/09/20/index.md)

#   Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. 

Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico on Wednesday as the strongest storm to hit the U.S. territory in nearly 90 years, ripping windows from their fixtures and sending debris hurtling through the streets as it approached the capital, San Juan.


### Source:

1. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2017/al15/al152017.public_a.017.shtml)
2. [National Hurricane Center²](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT5+shtml/202038.shtml?)
3. [National Hurricane Center³](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT5+shtml/210259.shtml?)
4. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-maria/hurricane-maria-slams-puerto-rico-with-high-rains-storm-surge-idUSKCN1BT1RW)
5. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/20/us/hurricane-maria-puerto-rico.html)
6. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-path-latest-news-live-puerto-rico-virgin-islands/)
7. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-takes-aim-at-puerto-rico-with-force-not-seen-in-modern-history/)
7. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170919&t=2&i=1202077716&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8I1VH)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. ](/news/2017/09/22/tens-of-thousands-of-people-in-northern-puerto-rico-are-ordered-to-evacuate-after-floodwaters-from-hurricane-maria-damage-the-guajataca-dam.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, island_
2. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, island_
3. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, island_
4. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, island_
5. [Millions of Puerto Ricans, who claim to be American citizens, beg the United States federal government for welfare in face of a so-called humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/millions-of-puerto-ricans-who-claim-to-be-american-citizens-beg-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-face-of-a-so-called-hu.md) _Context: Hurricane Maria, island_
6. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
7. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
8. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
9. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor, island_
10. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: Puerto Rican Governor, island_
