### [2017-09-20](/news/2017/09/20/index.md)

# Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." 

Spanish police raided Catalan government offices and arrested officials on Wednesday to halt a banned referendum on independence, an action the regional president said meant Madrid had effectively taken over his administration.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-spain-politics-catalonia/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-to-halt-banned-referendum-idUSKCN1BV0U0)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/20/world/europe/catalonia-referendum-spain.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170920&t=2&i=1202214634&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8J1WB)

### Related:

1. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Catalan independence referendum, 2017, President, Spanish_
2. [The newly appointed President of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, vows to continue his predecessor Artur Mas i Gavarro's plans to secede from Spain within 18 months. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-newly-appointed-president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-vows-to-continue-his-predecessor-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-s-plans-to-secede-from.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, President, Spanish, independence from Spain_
3. [The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." ](/news/2017/10/1/the-government-of-catalonia-holds-a-public-referendum-on-whether-their-region-should-gain-independence-from-spain-despite-the-spanish-court.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Spanish, independence from Spain_
4. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, President, Spanish_
5. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Spanish_
6. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Spanish_
7. [Around a million people rally in Barcelona to mark the National Day of Catalonia and to support the upcoming independence referendum on 1 October. ](/news/2017/09/11/around-a-million-people-rally-in-barcelona-to-mark-the-national-day-of-catalonia-and-to-support-the-upcoming-independence-referendum-on-1-oc.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, independence from Spain_
8. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Spanish, independence from Spain_
9. [The President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Artur Mas i Gavarro, drops plans for a referendum on independence on November 9 from Spain following opposition from the Constitutional Court of Spain. ](/news/2014/10/14/the-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-drops-plans-for-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-from-spain-f.md) _Context: President, Spanish_
10. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: President, Spanish_
