### [2012-01-3](/news/2012/01/3/index.md)

# Negotiators from Israel and the Palestinian Authority meet in the Jordanian capital, Amman, for the first time in 16 months. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=251937)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Amman, Israel, Jordan_
3. [Israel withdraws its ambassador to Jordan due to fears of a violent protest in Amman. ](/news/2011/09/15/israel-withdraws-its-ambassador-to-jordan-due-to-fears-of-a-violent-protest-in-amman.md) _Context: Amman, Israel, Jordan_
4. [ The President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, invites the leaders of the Palestinian Authority, Israel, and Jordan to a summit on Sunday to discuss the Palestinian crisis. ](/news/2007/06/21/the-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-invites-the-leaders-of-the-palestinian-authority-israel-and-jordan-to-a-summit-on-sunday-to-discus.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan_
7. [Ahmad Daqamseh, the Jordanian soldier who shot seven Israeli schoolchildren on March 13, 1997, is released from prison in Jordan. ](/news/2017/03/12/ahmad-daqamseh-the-jordanian-soldier-who-shot-seven-israeli-schoolchildren-on-march-13-1997-is-released-from-prison-in-jordan.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan_
8. [A Muslim preacher from a local mosque shoots and kills Jordanian writer and cartoonist Nahed Hattar in front of a courthouse in the capital Amman. Authorities take the gunman into custody.](/news/2016/09/25/a-muslim-preacher-from-a-local-mosque-shoots-and-kills-jordanian-writer-and-cartoonist-nahed-hattar-in-front-of-a-courthouse-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan_
9. [ A Jordanian policeman shoots dead two American instructors and a South African before being killed at a police training centre in Al-Muwaqqar, on the eastern outskirts of Amman. U.S. contractors are sent to the facility to assist Jordanian police trainers. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-jordanian-policeman-shoots-dead-two-american-instructors-and-a-south-african-before-being-killed-at-a-police-training-centre-in-al-muwaqq.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan_
10. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan_
