### [2012-01-3](/news/2012/01/3/index.md)

# Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. 

Rick Santorum&rsquo;s supporters eyed the TV screen, watched the returns roll in - and they still couldn&rsquo;t quite believe it. &ldquo;This is beyond my wildest dreams, &ldquo; exclaimed...


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-16388354)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-pn-santorum-supporters-watch-iowa-caucus-returns-in-disbelief-20120103,0,4892267.story)
3. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970203550304577138703463083604.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.latimes.com/media/photo/2012-01/215146160-03203600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/ (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)] [http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/ Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, caucuses_
2. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, caucuses_
3. [Republican primary candidate and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney wins the 2012 Iowa Caucus, with candidate and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum behind by eight votes; Congressman Ron Paul had a strong showing in third place. ](/news/2012/01/4/republican-primary-candidate-and-former-massachusetts-governor-mitt-romney-wins-the-2012-iowa-caucus-with-candidate-and-former-u-s-senator.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum, Ron Paul_
4. [Republican and LGBT rights campaigner Fred Karger launches a campaign in the U.S. states of Iowa and New Hampshire aiming to become President of the United States. ](/news/2011/02/13/republican-and-lgbt-rights-campaigner-fred-karger-launches-a-campaign-in-the-u-s-states-of-iowa-and-new-hampshire-aiming-to-become-presiden.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, U.S. state_
5. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: Republican, U.S. state_
6. [United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. ](/news/2014/08/30/united-states-senate-minority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-s-campaign-manager-jesse-benton-resigns-after-being-involved-in-an-alleged-bribery-scan.md) _Context: Iowa, Ron Paul_
7. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
8. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
9. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
10. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
