### [2002-08-17](/news/2002/08/17/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: The Elbe crests at Dresden at the record height of {{convert|30.84|ft|m}}. 30,000 Germans are evacuated along the river's path.




### Related:

1. [ Extreme weather: The peak of a 100-year flood of the Vltava River surges through the Czech Republic into the Elbe in Germany. In Plzen the city center is flooded, and breweries shut down. In Ceske Budejovice, most of the old town is under more than a foot of water, and the Czech Budweiser breweries are shut down. More than 200,000 Czechs are forced to leave their homes. Damages are estimated at over {{Nowrap|$600 million}}. In Dresden, the Zwinger Palace courtyard and basement are flooded, damaging paintings. The Semper Opera basement is flooded, closing it for weeks. More than 3,000 hospital patients are evacuated. Europe-wide death toll is now 99.](/news/2002/08/14/extreme-weather-the-peak-of-a-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-surges-through-the-czech-republic-into-the-elbe-in-germany-in-plzea-the.md) _Context: Dresden, Elbe, extreme weather_
2. [The 64th annual conference of the secretive Bilderberg Group takes place at the Taschenbergpalais hotel in Dresden, Germany. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-64th-annual-conference-of-the-secretive-bilderberg-group-takes-place-at-the-taschenbergpalais-hotel-in-dresden-germany.md) _Context: Dresden_
3. [Lutz Bachmann, the leader of the German far-right and anti-Islam Pegida movement,  goes on trial in Dresden on charges of hate speech. ](/news/2016/04/19/lutz-bachmann-the-leader-of-the-german-far-right-and-anti-islam-pegida-movement-goes-on-trial-in-dresden-on-charges-of-hate-speech.md) _Context: Dresden_
4. [A report from  the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to  accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures,  while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accuratel.md) _Context: extreme weather_
5. [Buses from Poland and Ukraine crash outside the German city of Dresden resulting in at least nine deaths and 40 people injured. ](/news/2014/07/19/buses-from-poland-and-ukraine-crash-outside-the-german-city-of-dresden-resulting-in-at-least-nine-deaths-and-40-people-injured.md) _Context: Dresden_
6. [NOAA states that 2011 is already one of the most extreme weather years on record. ](/news/2011/06/18/noaa-states-that-2011-is-already-one-of-the-most-extreme-weather-years-on-record.md) _Context: extreme weather_
7. [Police shoot tear gas and water cannons as thousands of people protest against an authorized neo-Nazi march in Dresden. ](/news/2011/02/19/police-shoot-tear-gas-and-water-cannons-as-thousands-of-people-protest-against-an-authorized-neo-nazi-march-in-dresden.md) _Context: Dresden_
8. [Thousands of protesters in Dresden, Germany form a human chain to mark the 66th anniversary of the Dresden bombing and to protest against racism. ](/news/2011/02/13/thousands-of-protesters-in-dresden-germany-form-a-human-chain-to-mark-the-66th-anniversary-of-the-dresden-bombing-and-to-protest-against-ra.md) _Context: Dresden_
9. [An official report released after five years of research by the Dresden Historians' Commission states a reduced figure of as many as 25,000 people died in the 1945 bombing of Dresden. ](/news/2010/03/18/an-official-report-released-after-five-years-of-research-by-the-dresden-historians-commission-states-a-reduced-figure-of-as-many-as-25-000.md) _Context: Dresden_
10. [Clashes erupt in Dresden 65 years after the city was bombed at the end of World War II. ](/news/2010/02/13/clashes-erupt-in-dresden-65-years-after-the-city-was-bombed-at-the-end-of-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Dresden_
