### [2009-02-15](/news/2009/02/15/index.md)

#  Cancer Research UK's London Institute discovers a "danger receptor" that may initiate an immune reaction to cancer. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7888042.stm)

### Related:

1. [Researchers from different medical centers at major cities in the United Kingdom, led by Cancer Research UK's London Research Institute and University College London, are embarking on a massive long-term effort to study lung cancer's resistance to treatment by mapping involved genes using patient profiles. ](/news/2013/07/17/researchers-from-different-medical-centers-at-major-cities-in-the-united-kingdom-led-by-cancer-research-uk-s-london-research-institute-and.md) _Context: Cancer Research UK, London Research Institute_
2. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: cancer_
3. [A 1-year-old from London with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who had undergone myriads of unsuccessful treatments since she was 14 weeks old is in remission thanks to gene-editing technology, used for just the second time, that allowed her to receive modified immune cells from another person. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-1-year-old-from-london-with-acute-lymphoblastic-leukemia-who-had-undergone-myriads-of-unsuccessful-treatments-since-she-was-14-weeks-old-i.md) _Context: modified immune cells_
4. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announceds-that-his-liver-cancer-melanoma-has-spread-to-his-brain-in-addition-to-radiation-carter-wil.md) _Context: modified immune cells_
6. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Research from the "Science Translational Medicine" suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [After a two-year research project conducted by scientists at the National Chemistry Institute of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Vietnam becomes the world's tenth country to successfully apply nanotechnology to produce nano curcumin, a substance that can help treat cancer. ](/news/2013/10/31/after-a-two-year-research-project-conducted-by-scientists-at-the-national-chemistry-institute-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technolo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [American Pulitzer Prize-winning film reviewer Roger Ebert dies at the age of 70 following a battle with cancer which initially cost him his voice. ](/news/2013/04/4/american-pulitzer-prize-winning-film-reviewer-roger-ebert-dies-at-the-age-of-70-following-a-battle-with-cancer-which-initially-cost-him-his.md) _Context: cancer_
