### [2009-02-15](/news/2009/02/15/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom confirms the first case of a person contracting Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease after receiving contaminated blood plasma. 




### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/4624348/Scientists-warn-of-first-ever-case-of-human-mad-cow-disease-from-blood-plasma.html)

### Related:

1. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: United Kingdom, blood plasma, contaminated, infection_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom, blood transfusion_
3. [ Avian influenza: The British  Community Reference Laboratory for Avian Influenza in Weybridge confirms that swans found near Orahovica, Croatia, were infected by the H5N1 flu strain. ](/news/2005/10/26/avian-influenza-p-the-british-community-reference-laboratory-for-avian-influenza-in-weybridge-confirms-that-swans-found-near-orahovica-cr.md) _Context: United Kingdom, infection_
4. [Health: The UK government says that a case of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease may have occurred through blood transfusion. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/3327745.stm]](/news/2003/12/17/health-the-uk-government-says-that-a-case-of-variant-creutzfeldtajakob-disease-may-have-occurred-through-blood-transfusion-http-news.md) _Context: United Kingdom, blood transfusion_
5. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates' foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-count.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until  at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-an.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
