### [2014-04-15](/news/2014/04/15/index.md)

# 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. The death toll from the West Africa ebola outbreak reaches 121. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/A/AF_WEST_AFRICA_EBOLA?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2014-04-15-08-05-06)

### Related:

1. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak. Liberia closes schools and quarantines communities in order to stop the spread of the Ebola virus that has claimed 672 lives in West Africa. ](/news/2014/07/30/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-closes-schools-and-quarantines-communities-in-order-to-stop-the-spread-of-the-ebola-virus-that-has.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, West Africa_
2. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak:. The ebola virus outbreak in West Africa continues to get worse with the death toll now exceeding 500. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-continues-to-get-worse-with-the-death-toll-now-exceeding-500.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, West Africa_
3. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: West Africa_
4. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: West Africa_
5. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: West Africa_
6. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/gambian-presidential-election-2016-leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-g.md) _Context: West Africa_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: West Africa_
8. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: West Africa_
9. [Guinean presidential election, 2015. Millions of Guineans vote peacefully in the West African country's second free election since gaining independence from France nearly 60 years ago. Ballot counting started; the provisional outcome is not expected until the end of this week, an official said. Incumbent President Alpha Conde is expected to win reelection. ](/news/2015/10/11/guinean-presidential-election-2015-millions-of-guineans-vote-peacefully-in-the-west-african-country-s-second-free-election-since-gaining-i.md) _Context: West Africa_
10. [A man dies of the rare Lassa fever in the American state of New Jersey after returning from West Africa. ](/news/2015/05/26/a-man-dies-of-the-rare-lassa-fever-in-the-american-state-of-new-jersey-after-returning-from-west-africa.md) _Context: West Africa_
