### [2008-10-2](/news/2008/10/2/index.md)

#  Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/7649654.stm)
2. [Bikilar.Az](http://news.bakililar.az/english_18469.html)
3. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20081002-putin-slams-ukraine-over-georgia-arms-sales-amid-gas-talks)
4. [Izvestia](http://www.izvestia.ru/investigation/article3121117/)
5. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article4593424.ece)
6. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2008-10-02-putin-georgia_N.htm?csp=34)

### Related:

1. [ NATO 2008 Brussels summit. NATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.](/news/2008/12/2/nato-2008-brussels-summit-nato-member-countries-decide-not-to-offer-map-to-georgia-and-ukraine-the-war-in-south-ossetia-and-the-ukrainian.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Ukraine_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia War:. Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
3. [ 2008 South Ossetia War:. Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetian War:. Georgian troops are forced to withdraw from Tskhinvali, the capital of South Ossetia by Russian army. ](/news/2008/08/10/2008-south-ossetian-war-georgian-troops-are-forced-to-withdraw-from-tskhinvali-the-capital-of-south-ossetia-by-russian-army.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
6. [ Georgian forces shell Tskhinvali in South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/07/4/georgian-forces-shell-tskhinvali-in-south-ossetia.md) _Context: Georgian, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
7. [ Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko fires Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and most of his cabinet amid accusations of graft and serious infighting. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050908/wl_nm/ukraine_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/ukraine-president-viktor-yushchenko-fires-prime-minister-yulia-tymoshenko-and-most-of-his-cabinet-amid-accusations-of-graft-and-serious-inf.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko, Yulia Tymoshenko_
8. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: Georgian, Ukraine_
9. [Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili resigns as governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa, citing corruption in Odessa as the main reason. ](/news/2016/11/7/former-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-resigns-as-governor-of-the-ukrainian-region-of-odessa-citing-corruption-in-odessa-as-the-main.md) _Context: Georgian, Ukraine_
10. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-endi.md) _Context: Georgian, Ukraine_
