### [2009-08-31](/news/2009/08/31/index.md)

#  Iraqi officials begin negotiations with Serbia over the return of 19 MiG-21 and MiG-23 fighter jets sent to Yugoslavia in the 1980's for repairs. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/8230438.stm)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Iraq, Serbia_
2. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Serbia, Yugoslavia_
3. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
4. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Government of Serbia. Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: Serbia_
6. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Battle of Mosul. The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq_
