### [2009-08-31](/news/2009/08/31/index.md)

#  Russian forces state that they have killed an Algerian Al Qaeda operative and another militant during a raid on a house in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8230295.stm)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: At least three suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces during a firefight in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. ](/news/2017/01/29/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-during-a-firefight-in-khasavyurt.md) _Context: Dagestan, Khasavyurt, Russia_
2. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Dagestan, Russia_
3. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dage.md) _Context: Dagestan, Russia_
4. [A bus crashes on a highway in Dagestan, Russia, killing at least nine people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/13/a-bus-crashes-on-a-highway-in-dagestan-russia-killing-at-least-nine-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Dagestan, Russia_
5. [ Syrian Civil War: War on Terrorism: The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: Russia, al-Qaeda_
6. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: A car bomb kills two policemen at a checkpoint in Russia's republic of Dagestan. ](/news/2016/02/15/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-a-car-bomb-kills-two-policemen-at-a-checkpoint-in-russia-s-republic-of-dagestan.md) _Context: Dagestan, Russia_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, al-Qaeda_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/11/29/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russian-airstrikes-kill-at-least-18-c.md) _Context: Russia, al-Qaeda_
9. [The Associated Press reports that Russia's crackdown on Muslims is fueling their exodus to ISIS. For example, Russia's southernmost republic of Dagestan keeps devout Muslims under surveillance, routinely raids their homes, and hauls them to police stations to give DNA samples and fingerprints. Regional police say nearly a third of the estimated 3,000 Russians who are believed to have gone to fight alongside IS militants in Syria are from Dagestan. The AP added, "Few efforts are made by Russian authorities to stop young men from leaving." ](/news/2015/11/25/the-associated-press-reports-that-russia-s-crackdown-on-muslims-is-fueling-their-exodus-to-isis-for-example-russia-s-southernmost-republic.md) _Context: Dagestan, Russia_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian air-strikes reportedly kill U.S.-backed Syrian rebels as Russian jets bomb rebel positions in rural areas of northern Syria, including the town of Jisr al-Shughour, which is currently held by Islamist militant groups including Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/10/1/syrian-civil-war-russian-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-air-strikes-reportedly-kill-u-s-backed-syrian-rebels-as-russian-jet.md) _Context: Russia, al-Qaeda_
