### [2016-07-6](/news/2016/07/6/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton email controversy. Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/06/politics/loretta-lynch-hillary-clinton-emails-no-charges/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Hillary Clinton email investigation. The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/hillary-clinton-email-investigation-the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton email controversy. During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, advises that the US government will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof accused of conducting the 2015 Charleston massacre. ](/news/2016/05/24/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-advises-that-the-us-government-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-dylann-roof-acc.md) _Context: Attorney General, Loretta Lynch_
7. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-close.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
8. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: Attorney General, Loretta Lynch_
9. [Links between Trump associates and Russian officials. Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/links-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials-donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-oppo.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
