### [2015-01-5](/news/2015/01/5/index.md)

# A Libyan warplane bombs a Greek-operated oil tanker anchored offshore the city of Derna, killing two sailors, one Greek and one Romanian. The Greek government condemned what it called an "unprovoked and cowardly" attack and demanded an investigation and punishment for those responsible. 

A Libyan warplane from forces loyal to the internationally recognized government bombed a Greek-operated oil tanker anchored off the coast, killing two crewmen in an escalation of hostilities between factions vying to rule the country.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/05/us-libya-security-greece-idUSKBN0KE0L420150105)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-said-to-have-killed-wisam-al-zubaidi-also-known-as-abu-nabil-al-anbari.md) _Context: Derna, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [Egypt bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant targets in the city of Derna in Libya following the execution of 21 Coptic Christians recently. ](/news/2015/02/16/egypt-bombs-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-targets-in-the-city-of-derna-in-libya-following-the-execution-of-21-coptic-christians-recen.md) _Context: Derna, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-rises-to-140-people.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-captured-five-cities-and-two-oil-pro.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Forces loyal to Libyan general and former US citizen Khalifa Haftar, commander of the elected Council of Deputies military, seize control of the ports of Sidra, Ra's Lanuf, Brega and Zuwetina. ](/news/2016/09/11/forces-loyal-to-libyan-general-and-former-us-citizen-khalifa-haftar-commander-of-the-elected-council-of-deputies-military-seize-control-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
