### [2015-01-5](/news/2015/01/5/index.md)

# Two militants, one wearing a suicide vest, kill two Saudi Arabian border guards and a general near the border with Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Businessweek](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2015-01-05/saudi-general-two-guards-killed-in-attack-near-iraqi-border)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
3. [The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-delegation-from-saudi-arabia-departed-from-the-meeting-of-the-arab-league-offended-by-remarks-of-the-foreign-minister-of-iraq-ibrahim.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
5. [About 100 men in more than 50 machine gun-mounted trucks kidnap at least 26 Qataris, including members of the royal family, from a hunting camp in Iraq near the Saudi border. ](/news/2015/12/16/about-100-men-in-more-than-50-machine-gun-mounted-trucks-kidnap-at-least-26-qataris-including-members-of-the-royal-family-from-a-hunting-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Saudi Arabia deploys 30,000 soldiers to its border with Iraq after Iraqi government forces withdrew from the area. ](/news/2014/07/3/saudi-arabia-deploys-30-000-soldiers-to-its-border-with-iraq-after-iraqi-government-forces-withdrew-from-the-area.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
7. [ The Government of Saudi Arabia announces plans to build a separation barrier between Saudi Arabia and Iraq. The barrier will cost $12 billion to build. ](/news/2006/12/15/the-government-of-saudi-arabia-announces-plans-to-build-a-separation-barrier-between-saudi-arabia-and-iraq-the-barrier-will-cost-12-billi.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Saudi Arabia_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
