### [2010-03-22](/news/2010/03/22/index.md)

# Kirsty Sword Gusmo, wife of East Timor's Prime Minister, backed by head of East Timor's child protection agency Carmen da Cruz, demands Australian woman Lala Noronha return to Dili 15 Timorese teenagers she has in Malaysia. However, the youths have stated that they do not want to go back. 

THE wife of East Timor&#039;s Prime Minister has demanded an Australian woman return to Dili 15 Timorese teenagers who have been under her care in Malaysia for several years.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/pms-wife-seeks-return-of-timor-teenagers-20100321-qo4a.html)

### Related:

1. [  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor, Malaysia_
2. [ Brigadier Mick Slater, the commander of Australian troops in East Timor warns that a humanitarian disaster could happen in that nation, unless housing for refugees fleeing the unrest in Dili can be arranged before the approaching wet season. ](/news/2006/10/25/brigadier-mick-slater-the-commander-of-australian-troops-in-east-timor-warns-that-a-humanitarian-disaster-could-happen-in-that-nation-unl.md) _Context: Australia, Dili, East Timor_
3. [Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-it-also.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
5. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-paustralia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-the.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
7. [Malaysia detains Australian Senator Nick Xenophon who was visiting as part of a delegation to discuss forthcoming elections and seeks to deport him for taking part in a protest in Kuala Lumpur last year. ](/news/2013/02/16/malaysia-detains-australian-senator-nick-xenophon-who-was-visiting-as-part-of-a-delegation-to-discuss-forthcoming-elections-and-seeks-to-dep.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
8. [UNICEF calls on Australia not to send 18 asylum seekers who are allegedly unaccompanied minors to Malaysia as part of a people swap. ](/news/2011/08/5/unicef-calls-on-australia-not-to-send-18-asylum-seekers-who-are-allegedly-unaccompanied-minors-to-malaysia-as-part-of-a-people-swap.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
9. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
10. [Malaysia bans the import of horses from Australia following an outbreak of Hendra virus. ](/news/2011/07/20/malaysia-bans-the-import-of-horses-from-australia-following-an-outbreak-of-hendra-virus.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
