### [2015-04-5](/news/2015/04/5/index.md)

# "Rolling Stone" magazine retracts "A Rape on Campus", a discredited story claiming an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. 

Rolling Stone magazine has apologized and officially retracted its discredited article about an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/university-of-virginia-rolling-stone-magazine-apologises-and-retracts-discredited-rape-story-10157668.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a "Rolling Stone" article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. ](/news/2015/11/9/in-the-united-states-the-university-of-virginia-fraternity-that-was-the-subject-of-a-rolling-stone-article-about-a-brutal-campus-rape-fi.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
2. [University of Virginia fraternity Phi Kappa Psi announces that it will "pursue all available options" against "Rolling Stone" magazine a day after the magazine withdraws "A Rape on Campus", a story alleging a student was gang-raped at a party in 2012. ](/news/2015/04/6/university-of-virginia-fraternity-phi-kappa-psi-announces-that-it-will-pursue-all-available-options-against-rolling-stone-magazine-a-day.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
3. [Brazilian Police say they have identified and are searching for four of the more than 30 men suspected in last Saturday's gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro. The assault came to light after several men posted about the attack online. ](/news/2016/05/28/brazilian-police-say-they-have-identified-and-are-searching-for-four-of-the-more-than-30-men-suspected-in-last-saturday-s-gang-rape-of-a-16.md) _Context: gang rape_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea sentences American Otto Warmbier, a 21-year-old from Cincinnati, Ohio, studying at the University of Virginia, to 15 years hard labor for removing a political poster from a hotel. ](/news/2016/03/16/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-sentences-american-otto-warmbier-a-21-year-old-from-cincinnati-ohio-studying-at-the-un.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
5. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by "Rolling Stone" magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-drug-war-mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october.md) _Context: Rolling Stone_
6. [Seminole County, Florida (Orlando-area) prosecutors charge five underage Winter Springs High School students with the alleged gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in November 2014. Prosecutors charge two suspects as adults and three as juveniles. The remaining suspect is as yet uncharged. ](/news/2015/01/19/seminole-county-florida-orlando-area-prosecutors-charge-five-underage-winter-springs-high-school-students-with-the-alleged-gang-rape-of-a.md) _Context: gang rape_
7. [Rolling Stone Magazine issues a partial retraction on Sabrina Erdely's "A Rape on Campus" story after additional fact checking identifies "discrepancies" in the account of the University of Virginia young woman identified as "Jackie" who alleged that seven men raped her as she lay on broken glass during a party at U.Va.'s Phi Kappa Psi fraternity in 2012. ](/news/2014/12/5/rolling-stone-magazine-issues-a-partial-retraction-on-sabrina-erdely-s-a-rape-on-campus-story-after-additional-fact-checking-identifies-d.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
8. [Disappearance of Hannah Graham: A Virginia man is arrested in relation to the disappearance of Hannah Graham, a British student studying at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2014/09/24/disappearance-of-hannah-graham-a-virginia-man-is-arrested-in-relation-to-the-disappearance-of-hannah-graham-a-british-student-studying-at.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
9. [Sudan puts a married Ethiopian woman to trial after being gang-raped because she waited before she reported it. She faces the death penalty for adultery. ](/news/2014/02/21/sudan-puts-a-married-ethiopian-woman-to-trial-after-being-gang-raped-because-she-waited-before-she-reported-it-she-faces-the-death-penalty.md) _Context: gang rape_
10. [Two people are arrested in Delhi after a Danish woman was gang-raped. ](/news/2014/01/16/two-people-are-arrested-in-delhi-after-a-danish-woman-was-gang-raped.md) _Context: gang rape_
