### [2015-04-5](/news/2015/04/5/index.md)

# Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven says that neither he nor any other of his cabinet-level ministers will be attending the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II in Moscow due to Russia's actions in Ukraine. Sweden joins a large group of European countries unofficially boycotting the May 9th Victory Day parade.  




### Source:

1. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/20150405/swedish-ministers-to-forego-russian-party)

### Related:

1. [The Wallenberg family files an application to formally declare Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg (born in 1912) to be dead. Wallenberg saved the lives of thousands of Jews in World War II only to disappear at the hands of the Soviet forces. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-wallenberg-family-files-an-application-to-formally-declare-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-born-in-1912-to-be-dead-wallenberg-saved.md) _Context: Swedish, World War II_
2. [Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". ](/news/2015/11/24/sweden-will-introduce-tighter-border-controls-and-asylum-rules-in-a-bid-to-reduce-the-number-of-asylum-seekers-entering-the-country-sweden.md) _Context: Stefan Lofven, Swedish_
3. [Sweden's center-left government reaches a deal with the center-right opposition, The Alliance, giving a minority government room to govern so that the country's first snap election since 1958, originally planned for 22 March 2015, can be cancelled; the Sweden Democrats react by announcing that they will put down a motion of no confidence against Prime Minister Stefan Lofven. ](/news/2014/12/27/sweden-s-center-left-government-reaches-a-deal-with-the-center-right-opposition-the-alliance-giving-a-minority-government-room-to-govern-s.md) _Context: Stefan Lofven, Swedish_
4. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: World War II_
5. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Swedish_
6. [A vehicle is driven into a group of people on a street in Stockholm, Sweden, killing four people. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-vehicle-is-driven-into-a-group-of-people-on-a-street-in-stockholm-sweden-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Swedish_
7. [A bus carrying around 50 school children rolls over on a highway south of Sveg in the northern region of Harjedalen, Sweden, killing three people. ](/news/2017/04/2/a-bus-carrying-around-50-school-children-rolls-over-on-a-highway-south-of-sveg-in-the-northern-region-of-ha-rjedalen-sweden-killing-three.md) _Context: Swedish_
8. [The government of Sweden submits a bill to the Riksdag to reintroduce conscription this summer in response to new global security challenges. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-government-of-sweden-submits-a-bill-to-the-riksdag-to-reintroduce-conscription-this-summer-in-response-to-new-global-security-challenges.md) _Context: Swedish_
9. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped  near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group  claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-repub.md) _Context: Swedish_
10. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: World War II_
