### [2011-07-3](/news/2011/07/3/index.md)

# In Lebanon, Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah rejects the indictment and arrest warrants served by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon three days earlier against the party's four senior members. 

Hezbollah leader says UN tribunal investigating death of former Lebanese PM should be asking questions of Israel.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Politics/2011/Jul-03/Lebanons-Arabic-press-digest---July-3-2011.ashx)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14004096)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/07/201172183540290278.html)

### Related:

1. [Political crisis in Lebanon:Supporters of Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Saad Hariri call for a day of protests  following Hezbollah's support for Najib Mikati as Prime Minister a new coalition government to replace that of Hariri, and igniting the possibility of  clashes in the latest development in the crisis over a United Nations-backed tribunal  investigating the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafic Hariri, Saad Hariri's father. ](/news/2011/01/25/political-crisis-in-lebanon-psupporters-of-lebanese-caretaker-prime-minister-saad-hariri-call-for-a-day-of-protests-following-hezbollah-s-s.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
2. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
4. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Special Tribunal for Lebanon_
5. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
6. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [Lebanese daily newspaper ''As-Safir'' ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falli.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [The Arab League declares the Lebanon-based Shiite group Hezbollah a terrorist organization. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-arab-league-declares-the-lebanon-based-shiite-group-hezbollah-a-terrorist-organization.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
