### [2011-07-3](/news/2011/07/3/index.md)

# Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]. Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]. Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.. Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.




### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-me.md) _Context: Mexico, Puebla_
2. [Mexican legislative election, 2015. Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
3. [2014 Iguala mass kidnapping. A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/2014-iguala-mass-kidnapping-a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-in.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
4. [Former Mexican anchorman Alonso de la Colina Sordo is assassinated by an unidentified gunman in the state of Puebla. His death adds to the long list of more than 80 journalists killed in Mexico since 2005. ](/news/2013/04/16/former-mexican-anchorman-alonso-de-la-colina-sordo-is-assassinated-by-an-unidentified-gunman-in-the-state-of-puebla-his-death-adds-to-the-l.md) _Context: Mexico, Puebla_
5. [Mexican Drug War. Jaime Serrano Cedillo, a deputy of the State of Mexico, is assassinated; he is the second politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) to be killed in just two days. Eduardo Castro Luque was killed by unknown assailants on Friday night. ](/news/2012/09/16/mexican-drug-war-jaime-serrano-cedillo-a-deputy-of-the-state-of-mexico-is-assassinated-he-is-the-second-politician-of-the-institutional.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, State of Mexico_
6. [Mexican Drug War:. Ten decapitated bodies are discovered inside an abandoned vehicle along a roadside in the Mexican city of Torreon, Coahuila. Reportedly, a written message was left behind by the perpetrators. ](/news/2012/07/9/mexican-drug-war-ten-decapitated-bodies-are-discovered-inside-an-abandoned-vehicle-along-a-roadside-in-the-mexican-city-of-torrea3n-coahu.md) _Context: Coahuila, Mexico_
7. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Party of the Democratic Revolution_
8. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
9. [Two gunmen attack a drug rehabilitation facility in the Mexican city of Torreon in Coahuila. ](/news/2011/06/7/two-gunmen-attack-a-drug-rehabilitation-facility-in-the-mexican-city-of-torreon-in-coahuila.md) _Context: Coahuila, Mexico_
10. [A mine explosion in San Juan de Sabinas Municipality in the Mexican state of Coahuila kills three people, injures one and leaves another 11 trapped. ](/news/2011/05/3/a-mine-explosion-in-san-juan-de-sabinas-municipality-in-the-mexican-state-of-coahuila-kills-three-people-injures-one-and-leaves-another-11.md) _Context: Coahuila, Mexico_
