### [2007-07-2](/news/2007/07/2/index.md)

#  British detectives continue the hunt for suspects in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs plot. Two doctors are among the seven people currently in custody in the UK in connection with the attacks with another person held in Brisbane, Queensland. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6259924.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6261076.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6263408.stm)
4. [The Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/terror-plot-arrest-in-brisbane/2007/07/03/1183351156132.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1)

### Related:

1. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
2. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
3. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
4. [ The Australian government upgrades its travel alert for the United Kingdom following the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs discovery. ](/news/2007/07/1/the-australian-government-upgrades-its-travel-alert-for-the-united-kingdom-following-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
5. [ "Glasgow International Airport attack:": A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested.: The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated.: COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday.: Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/glasgow-international-airport-attack-a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested.md) _Context: 2007 attack, planned car bomb attacks_
6. [In Jackson, Mississippi, Jeremy Powell, 23, a suspect in the stabbing death of a 20-year-old male, and Eric Smith, a Jackson Police Department homicide detective, who had been conducting the police interview with Powell, are found dead in a 3rd floor room of the department, according to Jackson Police Chief Rebecca Coleman. ](/news/2013/04/4/in-jackson-mississippi-jeremy-powell-23-a-suspect-in-the-stabbing-death-of-a-20-year-old-male-and-eric-smith-a-jackson-police-departme.md) _Context: detective_
7. [2013 Eastern Australia floods: Heavy rain causes flooding in the Australian state of Queensland with one man reported dead in the northern Brisbane suburb of Caboolture. ](/news/2013/02/25/2013-eastern-australia-floods-heavy-rain-causes-flooding-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-with-one-man-reported-dead-in-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Brisbane_
8. [Detectives investigating claims over tabloid phone hacking in Britain are re-examining whether a string of high-profile individuals and celebrities were targeted. Scotland Yard is taking a second look. ](/news/2011/02/9/detectives-investigating-claims-over-tabloid-phone-hacking-in-britain-are-re-examining-whether-a-string-of-high-profile-individuals-and-cele.md) _Context: detective_
9. [ Bilal Abdullah is convicted for his roles in the 2007 attack on Glasgow International Airport and an attempted bombing of London's West End. ](/news/2008/12/16/bilal-abdullah-is-convicted-for-his-roles-in-the-2007-attack-on-glasgow-international-airport-and-an-attempted-bombing-of-london-s-west-end.md) _Context: 2007 attack_
10. [ Court in the United Kingdom hears of how two doctors planned car bomb attacks on London and Glasgow airports in revenge for how UK was treating Muslims ](/news/2008/10/9/court-in-the-united-kingdom-hears-of-how-two-doctors-planned-car-bomb-attacks-on-london-and-glasgow-airports-in-revenge-for-how-uk-was-trea.md) _Context: planned car bomb attacks_
