### [2007-07-2](/news/2007/07/2/index.md)

#  Garda Siochana find over 1.5 tonnes of cocaine worth over EUR105 million off the coast of West Cork after a small ship sinks - the largest cocaine seizure in the history of Ireland. The naval diving squad are continuing the search, as experts believe more of the drug is still in the sea. 

Customs officials have recovered 61 bales of cocaine in west Cork in the largest seizure of the drug in the history of the State.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2007/0703/drugs.html)

### Related:

1. [ A total of EUR750 million of cocaine is seized off the coast of Ireland, in the largest such seizure in the country's history. ](/news/2008/11/9/a-total-of-a-750-million-of-cocaine-is-seized-off-the-coast-of-ireland-in-the-largest-such-seizure-in-the-country-s-history.md) _Context: EUR, Ireland, cocaine_
2. [ The Garda Sochna and Metropolitan Police Service in London arrest and charge three men in connection with Ireland's largest cocaine seizure in West Cork in July 2007. ](/news/2009/07/28/the-garda-siochana-and-metropolitan-police-service-in-london-arrest-and-charge-three-men-in-connection-with-ireland-s-largest-cocaine-seizu.md) _Context: West Cork, cocaine_
3. [ Oil leakage from the sunken tanker "Prestige" threatens the southwestern coast of France. The prefect of Aquitaine reported a slick from the tanker is 50 kilometers (30 standard miles) from the coast. French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin promised 50 million euros for the cleanup. The "Prestige", which carried 77,000 tonnes of crude oil, sunk in late November 2002, off the coast of the Galician region of Spain.](/news/2003/01/2/oil-leakage-from-the-sunken-tanker-prestige-threatens-the-southwestern-coast-of-france-the-prefect-of-aquitaine-reported-a-slick-from-th.md) _Context: EUR, tonne_
4. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
5. [The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-today-as-patricia-o-connor-a-61.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
8. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [The European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-the-departure-of-former-president-yahya.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: EUR_
