### [2007-07-2](/news/2007/07/2/index.md)

#  Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas K. Mooney, the military attache at the United States Embassy is found dead in western Cyprus. 




### Source:

1. [AP via IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/07/02/europe/EU-GEN-Cyprus-Missing-Diplomat.php)

### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Cyprus_
2. [Cyprus dispute. Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/cyprus-dispute-greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-co.md) _Context: Cyprus_
3. [Cyprus dispute. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/cyprus-dispute-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the.md) _Context: Cyprus_
4. [Reunification of Cyprus. The leaders of northern and southern Cyprus meet in Switzerland to restart talks about reuniting the island. ](/news/2016/11/7/reunification-of-cyprus-the-leaders-of-northern-and-southern-cyprus-meet-in-switzerland-to-restart-talks-about-reuniting-the-island.md) _Context: Cyprus_
5. [EgyptAir Flight 181. A Larnaca, Cyprus, court orders that 59-year-old Seif Eddin Mustafa, who was arrested by Cypriot police yesterday, remain in local police custody for eight days to assist Cyprus's own investigation. Mustafa faces charges of hijacking, illegal possession of explosives, kidnapping, and threats to commit violence. It's unclear if Mustafa had any explosives; the bomb belt he wore was fake, and officials are waiting for testing results on unidentified liquids found among his possessions. ](/news/2016/03/30/egyptair-flight-181-a-larnaca-cyprus-court-orders-that-59-year-old-seif-eddin-mustafa-who-was-arrested-by-cypriot-police-yesterday-rema.md) _Context: Cyprus_
6. [EgyptAir Flight 181. A hijacked EgyptAir flight lands in Cyprus. All hostages have been released, and the hijacker has no evident ties to any terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/03/29/egyptair-flight-181-a-hijacked-egyptair-flight-lands-in-cyprus-all-hostages-have-been-released-and-the-hijacker-has-no-evident-ties-to-an.md) _Context: Cyprus_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL. Operation Tidal Wave II. The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/military-intervention-against-isil-operation-tidal-wave-ii-the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Cyprus_
8. [The University of Sydney's Australian Archaeological Mission, excavating at a UNESCO World Heritage Site on the southwest coast of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus, discover Cyprus's oldest theatre. Located in the ancient city of Nea Paphos (capital of Cyprus at the time), it is a Hellenistic-Roman structure believed to have been in use for about six and a half centuries, from c. 300 B.C. until its final destruction in the earthquakes of A.D. 365. The Roman columns are made of granite from quarries in Troad, Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-university-of-sydney-s-australian-archaeological-mission-excavating-at-a-unesco-world-heritage-site-on-the-southwest-coast-of-the-medit.md) _Context: Cyprus_
9. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Cyprus_
10. [Military intervention against ISIL. Cyprus offers France the use of its airbase facilities to bomb the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Syria. Cypriot airbases are already being used by British and Canadian air forces for military operations. ](/news/2015/11/20/military-intervention-against-isil-cyprus-offers-france-the-use-of-its-airbase-facilities-to-bomb-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Cyprus_
