### [2008-09-5](/news/2008/09/5/index.md)

#  Pakistan reinstates Supreme Court judges ousted by former President Pervez Musharraf. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/asiapcf/09/05/pakistan.judges/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
2. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]: President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007: Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)]: Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)]: At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)]: Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
5. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
6. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:: Pakistani police defuse a car bomb near a fortified farmhouse, where the former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf is under house arrest. ](/news/2013/04/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistani-police-defuse-a-car-bomb-near-a-fortified-farmhouse-where-the-former-pakistan-president-pervez-musha.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
