### [2012-02-16](/news/2012/02/16/index.md)

# The Syrian Army attacks the Free Syrian Army positions in the town of Deraa. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Alertnet](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/syrian-troops-attack-deraa-battle-rebels-residents)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Latakia offensive (2015-present). The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, retakes control of the strategic town of Salma in the northern Latakia Governorate. The town had been mostly under rebel (FSA) and jihadist (Al-Nusra Front) control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/12/syrian-civil-war-latakia-offensive-2015-present-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-retakes-control-of-the-strategic-town-of.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Army_
2. [Syrian civil war:. The Syrian Army increases artillery shelling of Aleppo as the Free Syrian Army tries to consolidate its control of the city's eastern districts. ](/news/2012/08/3/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-increases-artillery-shelling-of-aleppo-as-the-free-syrian-army-tries-to-consolidate-its-control-of-the-ci.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Army_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
7. [Syrian Civil War. East Aleppo offensive (February 2017). CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/syrian-civil-war-east-aleppo-offensive-february-2017-cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-det.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
8. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (2017). The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
10. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Syrian Army_
