### [2004-01-13](/news/2004/01/13/index.md)

#  A Yak-40 airliner en route from Termez in Uzbekistan crashes near the capital Tashkent, killing all 37 crew and passengers, including the U.N.'s top official in the country, Richard Conroy.




### Related:

1. [ Authorities in Uzbekistan fell trees, some of which are more than a century old, in the capital Tashkent, in a controversy which has drawn protests. ](/news/2009/12/23/authorities-in-uzbekistan-fell-trees-some-of-which-are-more-than-a-century-old-in-the-capital-tashkent-in-a-controversy-which-has-drawn.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
2. [ An Uzbek military Antonov An-2 aircraft crashes near Tashkent, Uzbekistan, killing all of the 15 people on board. The Uzbek Emergency Ministry says the pilots lost control of the plane while trying to land. ](/news/2006/10/19/an-uzbek-military-antonov-an-2-aircraft-crashes-near-tashkent-uzbekistan-killing-all-of-the-15-people-on-board-the-uzbek-emergency-minis.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
3. [ The UN's refugee agency, the UNHCR, says it has been ordered to leave Uzbekistan within one month. ](/news/2006/03/20/the-un-s-refugee-agency-the-unhcr-says-it-has-been-ordered-to-leave-uzbekistan-within-one-month.md) _Context: United Nations, Uzbekistan_
4. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group "Appeal", says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. [http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/05/16/artsevents/web.0516uzbek.php (IHT)] [http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/05/16/uzbekistan050516.html (CBC)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L16708160.htm (Reuters AlertNet)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8505718 (Reuters)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/05/16/uzbekistan.unrest/ (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4549873.stm (BBC)] [http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2005/05/16/003.html (Moscow Times)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
5. [ Police in Uzbekistan raid a militant's hideout south of the capital, Tashkent. Fighting has caused 23 deaths in the area. ](/news/2004/03/30/police-in-uzbekistan-raid-a-militant-s-hideout-south-of-the-capital-tashkent-fighting-has-caused-23-deaths-in-the-area.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
6. [ An explosion occurs close to the main bazaar in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, killing two and injuring around twenty; preliminary reports point to two female suicide bombers. Also in the capital, three police officers are shot dead; and, in the city of Bukhara, another explosion at a suspected terrorist bomb factory claims ten fatalities. ](/news/2004/03/29/an-explosion-occurs-close-to-the-main-bazaar-in-tashkent-uzbekistan-killing-two-and-injuring-around-twenty-preliminary-reports-point-to.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
7. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
