### [2004-01-13](/news/2004/01/13/index.md)

#  Education in Greece: Debate over the private universities issue and George Papandreou, junior's suggestions (see 9 January) between New Democracy and PASOK. (Greek)




### Related:

1. [ Costas Simitis, the prime minister of Greece and president of the ruling PASOK, after informing the country's president Costis Stephanopoulos, announced his resignation. At the same time he announced national elections for March 7, 2004, when PASOK will have a new president, expected to be George Papandreou. PASOK will be challenged by the New Democracy opposition led by Kostas Karamanlis. See, (Greek) and, (English).](/news/2004/01/7/costas-simitis-the-prime-minister-of-greece-and-president-of-the-ruling-pasok-after-informing-the-country-s-president-costis-stephanopoul.md) _Context: George Papandreou, New Democracy, PASOK_
2. [ Greek conservative Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis early Monday declared victory in Sunday's general elections after early results gave his ruling New Democracy party a lead of over four percent over the opposition Pasok socialists. ](/news/2007/09/17/greek-conservative-prime-minister-costas-karamanlis-early-monday-declared-victory-in-sunday-s-general-elections-after-early-results-gave-hi.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
3. [ Greek legislative election, 2004: New Democracy, led by Kostas Karamanlis, wins over the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, led by George Papandreou.](/news/2004/03/7/greek-legislative-election-2004-new-democracy-led-by-kostas-karamanlis-wins-over-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-led-by-george-papa.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
4. [ Serious controversy in Greece over a flyer with propaganda against George Papandreou, just some days before the elections of Sunday, March 7, 2004. The opposition party New Democracy (ND) is accused by Anna Diamantopoulou (member of the currently ruling Panhellenic Socialist Movement&nbsp;- PASOK) that printed and mailed the controversial flyer to members of the Greek Eastern Christian Church's clergy. The flyer is describing George Papandreou as an Atheist who is against the Church and the national and religious symbols. ](/news/2004/03/3/serious-controversy-in-greece-over-a-flyer-with-propaganda-against-george-papandreou-just-some-days-before-the-elections-of-sunday-march.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
5. [ Education in Greece: George Papandreou, junior talks about the possibility to allow private universities in Greece. (Greek)](/news/2004/01/9/education-in-greece-george-papandreou-junior-talks-about-the-possibility-to-allow-private-universities-in-greece-greek.md) _Context: Education in Greece, George Papandreou_
6. [ Panhellenic Socialist Movement, the ruling political party of Greece, is about to change leadership. The official report is expected to be published on January 7, 2004. It is expected by many that the new leader will be George Papandreou, junior. See and (Greek)](/news/2004/01/5/panhellenic-socialist-movement-the-ruling-political-party-of-greece-is-about-to-change-leadership-the-official-report-is-expected-to-be.md) _Context: George Papandreou, PASOK_
7. [ Education in Greece: 114 University professors sign a document against George Papandreou's positions on private universities and their recognition ("anagnorisi"). (Greek)](/news/2004/01/14/education-in-greece-114-university-professors-sign-a-document-against-george-papandreou-s-positions-on-private-universities-and-their-reco.md) _Context: Education in Greece, George Papandreou_
8. [Former Prime Minister George Papandreou announces the formation of a new party, Movement of Democratic Socialists, threatening to push the long-dominant PASOK under the election threshold. ](/news/2015/01/3/former-prime-minister-george-papandreou-announces-the-formation-of-a-new-party-movement-of-democratic-socialists-threatening-to-push-the-l.md) _Context: PASOK_
9. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras, reshuffles his cabinet giving more positions to his Panhellenic Socialist Movement coalition partner, appointing its leader Evangelos Venizelos as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. ](/news/2013/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-greece-antonis-samaras-reshuffles-his-cabinet-giving-more-positions-to-his-panhellenic-socialist-movement-coalition.md) _Context: PASOK_
10. [Antonis Samaras, leader of the New Democracy party in Greece, continues to negotiate with political rivals to form a coalition government, as Greece struggles to overcome its economic crisis. ](/news/2012/06/19/antonis-samaras-leader-of-the-new-democracy-party-in-greece-continues-to-negotiate-with-political-rivals-to-form-a-coalition-government-a.md) _Context: New Democracy_
