### [2012-09-10](/news/2012/09/10/index.md)

# Hong Kong legislative election, 2012:. Voice of America says official results for the 35 "geographical" seats in Hong Kong's legislative elections show 18 seats for the "pan-democracy" camp, 16 seats for the "pro-Beijing" camp and one seat for an independent candidate. The "super" seats show a 3 to 2 win for the pan-democrats. Voter turnout was 53 %, up from 45 % at the previous election in 2008. Reuters says support is "steady" for pro-Beijing chief executive Leung Chun-ying. "The New York Times" says that, despite winning more votes, the pro-democracy camp has fewer seats than expected. [http://www.voanews.com/content/hong-kong-pro-democracy-camp-takes-narrow-lead-in-election/1504684.html (Voice of America)] [http://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/article/1033062/live-coverage-both-camps-make-early-gains-results-come ("South China Morning Post")] [http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-rt-us-hongkong-electionbre889007-20120909,0,6482246.story (Reuters via "Chicago Tribune")] [http://www.stuff.co.nz/world/asia/7646260/Support-steady-for-Beijing-backed-leader (Reuters via Stuff.co)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/10/world/asia/hong-kong-voting-for-legislature-is-heavy.html?pagewanted=all ("New York Times")] [http://www.elections.gov.hk/legco2012/eng/rs_gc.html (results)]. The chairman of the Democratic Party in Hong Kong, Albert Ho, apologises and says he will resign due to the election result. [http://www.thestandard.com.hk/breaking_news_detail.asp?id=24758&icid=3&d_str= ("The Standard")']




### Related:

1. [Causeway Bay Books disappearances. Thousands of people take to the streets of Hong Kong, demanding answers over China's alleged abduction of five booksellers in late 2015 and that Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying resign from office. ](/news/2016/07/1/causeway-bay-books-disappearances-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-hong-kong-demanding-answers-over-china-s-alleged-abduction-of.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong, Leung Chun-ying_
2. [Politics of Hong Kong. Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
3. [Hong Kong Chief Executive election, 2017. The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/hong-kong-chief-executive-election-2017-the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-fir.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
4. [Former Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang is sentenced to 20 months in prison for corruption, becoming the highest officeholder in Hong Kong's history to be convicted. ](/news/2017/02/22/former-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-donald-tsang-is-sentenced-to-20-months-in-prison-for-corruption-becoming-the-highest-officeholder-in-ho.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
5. [Former Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang, who is on trial for corruption, pleads not guilty to three charges of bribery and misconduct relating to a penthouse he leased in Shenzhen. ](/news/2017/01/3/former-hong-kong-chief-executive-donald-tsang-who-is-on-trial-for-corruption-pleads-not-guilty-to-three-charges-of-bribery-and-misconduct.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
6. [Thousands of people march in Hong Kong to demand the Legislative Council reject a China backed proposal for the naming of candidates for Chief Executive be done by a nominating committee. ](/news/2015/06/14/thousands-of-people-march-in-hong-kong-to-demand-the-legislative-council-reject-a-china-backed-proposal-for-the-naming-of-candidates-for-chi.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Hong Kong_
7. [Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying and other government officials observe three minutes of silence to mourn the victims of a ferry collision off Lamma Island on October 1, marking the start of a three-day mourning period. ](/news/2012/10/4/hong-kong-chief-executive-leung-chun-ying-and-other-government-officials-observe-three-minutes-of-silence-to-mourn-the-victims-of-a-ferry-co.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Leung Chun-ying_
8. [Elections for the 70-member Legislative Council are held in Hong Kong. Forty seats are elected by direct popular vote, the remainder are attributed by the "functional constituencies": business and special interest groups. China has promised a fully popular vote by the year 2020; the roadmap is still being laid out. ](/news/2012/09/9/elections-for-the-70-member-legislative-council-are-held-in-hong-kong-forty-seats-are-elected-by-direct-popular-vote-the-remainder-are-att.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong legislative election, 2012_
9. [Hong Kong:. Protesters throng the streets of Hong Kong, hours after President Hu Jintao of China swore in Leung Chun-ying as new Chief Executive and the Executive Council for the territory.](/news/2012/07/1/hong-kong-protesters-throng-the-streets-of-hong-kong-hours-after-president-hu-jintao-of-china-swore-in-leung-chun-ying-as-new-chief-execu.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Leung Chun-ying_
10. [Leung Chun-ying is projected as the winner of the election to be Chief Executive of Hong Kong. ](/news/2012/03/25/leung-chun-ying-is-projected-as-the-winner-of-the-election-to-be-chief-executive-of-hong-kong.md) _Context: Chief Executive, Leung Chun-ying_
