### [2012-09-10](/news/2012/09/10/index.md)

# In lawn tennis, Andy Murray of the United Kingdom wins the Men's Singles of the 2012 US Open defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia to become the first British player to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade, and the first British man to do so since Fred Perry. 

The wait is over. Seventy-six years after Fred Perry became the last British man to win a Grand Slam singles title with his victory just down the road from here at Forest Hills, Andy Murray achieved his lifetime’s ambition at Flushing Meadows last night when he won the US Open.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/tennis/andy-murray-caps-superb-summer-of-british-sport-with-stunning-us-open-triumph-8122478.html)
2. [The Roar](http://www.theroar.com.au/2012/09/11/murray-downs-djokovic-to-win-us-open/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+theroar+%28The+Roar%29)

### Related:

1. [In tennis, defending champion Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeats second seed Andy Murray of the United Kingdom in the men's singles in straight sets. It is Djokovic's third straight Grand Slam title. ](/news/2016/01/31/in-tennis-defending-champion-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-defeats-second-seed-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-in-the-men-s-singles-in-straigh.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Grand Slam, Novak Djokovic, Serbia, United Kingdom_
2. [Andy Murray of the United Kingdom wins the Men's Singles at Wimbledon, defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia in straight sets. Murray becomes the first British man to win Wimbledon since Fred Perry in 1936. ](/news/2013/07/7/andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-wins-the-men-s-singles-at-wimbledon-defeating-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-in-straight-sets-murray-becomes-t.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Fred Perry, Novak Djokovic, Serbia, United Kingdom_
3. [In tennis, Novak Djokovic wins the men's singles at the 2013 Australian Open after his four-set victory over Andy Murray in the final. The Serbian player becomes the first male player in the Open Era to win three consecutive Australian Open singles titles. ](/news/2013/01/27/in-tennis-novak-djokovic-wins-the-men-s-singles-at-the-2013-australian-open-after-his-four-set-victory-over-andy-murray-in-the-final-the-s.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
4. [Rafael Nadal of Spain wins the Men's Singles at the 2010 US Open defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia 6-4 5-7 6-4 6-2 becoming the seventh man in history to win all four Grand Slam titles, and the youngest man to ever achieve the Career Golden Slam. ](/news/2010/09/13/rafael-nadal-of-spain-wins-the-men-s-singles-at-the-2010-us-open-defeating-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-6-4-5-7-6-4-6-2-becoming-the-seventh-man.md) _Context: Grand Slam, Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
5. [In tennis, Andy Murray defeats Novak Djokovic 6-3, 6-4 in the final of the 2016 ATP World Tour finals and finishes the year as the world's number 1. ](/news/2016/11/20/in-tennis-andy-murray-defeats-novak-djokovic-6a3-6a4-in-the-final-of-the-2016-atp-world-tour-finals-and-finishes-the-year-as-the-world.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
6. [In tennis, Andy Murray of Scotland defeats Canadian Milos Raonic in the finals of the men's singles to win his second Wimbledon championship. It is the first time that a men's Wimbledon final has not featured Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic since 2002. ](/news/2016/07/10/in-tennis-andy-murray-of-scotland-defeats-canadian-milos-raonic-in-the-finals-of-the-men-s-singles-to-win-his-second-wimbledon-championship.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
7. [Novak Djokovic tops Andy Murray to win the French Open men's championship. This completes his non-calendar year Grand Slam. Djokovic is the first man since 1969 (Rod Laver) to hold all four Grand Slam singles titles at once. ](/news/2016/06/5/novak-djokovic-tops-andy-murray-to-win-the-french-open-men-s-championship-this-completes-his-non-calendar-year-grand-slam-djokovic-is-the.md) _Context: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britons, United Kingdom_
9. [In tennis,  Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeats Roger Federer of Switzerland 3 sets to 1 in the final of the men's singles. ](/news/2015/09/13/in-tennis-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-defeats-roger-federer-of-switzerland-3-sets-to-1-in-the-final-of-the-men-s-singles.md) _Context: Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
10. [In tennis, Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland defeats Novak Djokovic of Serbia 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 in the men's singles final for his first win at Roland Garros and his second Grand Slam singles title. Wawrinka's victory also denies Djokovic a career Grand Slam. ](/news/2015/06/7/in-tennis-stan-wawrinka-of-switzerland-defeats-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-4a6-6a4-6a3-6a4-in-the-men-s-singles-final-for-his-first.md) _Context: Novak Djokovic, Serbia_
