### [2009-08-25](/news/2009/08/25/index.md)

#  British Prime Minister Gordon Brown repeats that the British Government played no role in the release from prison of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, it being a matter for the Scottish Government.  

Gordon Brown, the prime minister broke his silence on the release of the Lockerbie bomber to say he &#034;had no role&#034; in the decision to release Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/6088166/Lockerbie-bomber-Gordon-Brown-denies-he-had-role-in-Megrahis-release.html)

### Related:

1. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
2. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
3. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of ''The Sun'' newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
4. [In the United Kingdom a disagreement emerges between the Westminster and Scottish governments over a referendum on Scottish independence, after Prime Minister David Cameron tells a Sky News interview that a quick decision is needed on the matter for the sake of the economy. ](/news/2012/01/9/in-the-united-kingdom-a-disagreement-emerges-between-the-westminster-and-scottish-governments-over-a-referendum-on-scottish-independence-af.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Scottish Government_
5. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
6. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown announces his intention to resign as Leader of the Labour Party, and calls for a leadership election to be completed by September. ](/news/2010/05/10/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-leader-of-the-labour-party-and-calls-for-a-leadershi.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
7. [Sir Nicholas Winton and Denis Avey are presented with the new British Hero of the Holocaust medal by Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ](/news/2010/03/9/sir-nicholas-winton-and-denis-avey-are-presented-with-the-new-british-hero-of-the-holocaust-medal-by-prime-minister-gordon-brown.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
8. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown gives evidence to the Iraq Inquiry. ](/news/2010/03/5/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-gives-evidence-to-the-iraq-inquiry.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
9. [Ex-Cabinet Ministers Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt call for a secret ballot to settle the debate over the leadership of the Labour Party of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ](/news/2010/01/6/ex-cabinet-ministers-geoff-hoon-and-patricia-hewitt-call-for-a-secret-ballot-to-settle-the-debate-over-the-leadership-of-the-labour-party-of.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
10. [Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Taoiseach Brian Cowen leave Northern Ireland after three days spent discussing its future. ](/news/2010/01/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-and-taoiseach-brian-cowen-leave-northern-ireland-after-three-days-spent-discussing-its-future.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
