### [2009-08-25](/news/2009/08/25/index.md)

#  Syria and Iraq recall their ambassadors over a dispute following the recent bombings in Baghdad last week. 

&lt;div>Iraq and Syria recalled their envoys Tuesday, deepening a diplomatic crisis sparked by Iraqi accusations that Damascus is sheltering insurgents who orchestrated massive truck bombings in Baghdad.&nbsp;The flare-up threw into disarray extensive efforts made in the past year to boost ties between the countries, which had been weak under former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein but had recently been improving.&lt;/div>


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2009/08/20098251602328210.html)
2. [Syrian News Station](http://sns.sy/sns/?path=news/read/4258)
3. [The Daily Star Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=10&categ_id=2&article_id=105707)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, bombings_
2. [ War in Iraq:. A major international conference starts in Baghdad to look at ways to stabilise Iraq featuring representatives from Iran, Syria and the United States. ](/news/2007/03/10/war-in-iraq-a-major-international-conference-starts-in-baghdad-to-look-at-ways-to-stabilise-iraq-featuring-representatives-from-iran-syr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Syria_
3. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
5. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
6. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
7. [Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent.md) _Context: Baghdad, Syria_
8. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [Executive Order 13769. Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
