### [2009-08-25](/news/2009/08/25/index.md)

#  U.S. President Barack Obama nominates Ben Bernanke for his second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aYMPMvyXHSgk)

### Related:

1. [A spokesman for U.S. President Barack Obama expresses the administration's support for a second term for the incumbent Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, and says lawmakers would send a bad message by "playing politics in any way" with Bernanke's confirmation. ](/news/2010/01/24/a-spokesman-for-u-s-president-barack-obama-expresses-the-administration-s-support-for-a-second-term-for-the-incumbent-chairman-of-the-feder.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Federal Reserve_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates Janet Yellen to become the next chair of the Federal Reserve after Ben Bernanke leaves that office. ](/news/2013/10/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-janet-yellen-to-become-the-next-chair-of-the-federal-reserve-after-ben-bernanke-leaves-that-office.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Ben Bernanke, Federal Reserve_
3. [The United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs approves three of President Barack Obama's nominees to the Federal Reserve, including the nomination of Stanley Fischer to be its vice chairman. ](/news/2014/04/29/the-united-states-senate-committee-on-banking-housing-and-urban-affairs-approves-three-of-president-barack-obama-s-nominees-to-the-federal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
4. [The U.S. Department of Treasury may probe why Bloomberg News reporters were monitoring how investment bank employees searched their site for financial information, including U.S. Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. ](/news/2013/05/13/the-u-s-department-of-treasury-may-probe-why-bloomberg-news-reporters-were-monitoring-how-investment-bank-employees-searched-their-site-for.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
5. [Ben Bernanke, chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve announces explicit ties between Fed policy on interest rates and economic goals, especially unemployment. ](/news/2012/12/12/ben-bernanke-chairman-of-the-u-s-federal-reserve-announces-explicit-ties-between-fed-policy-on-interest-rates-and-economic-goals-especial.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Federal Reserve_
6. [The chairman of the U.S. central bank, the Federal Reserve, likely will not stand for re-election to that post. Ben Bernanke has reportedly told friends he will leave when his term ends in January 2014 regardless of who wins the Presidential election campaign. ](/news/2012/10/22/the-chairman-of-the-u-s-central-bank-the-federal-reserve-likely-will-not-stand-for-re-election-to-that-post-ben-bernanke-has-reportedly.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Federal Reserve_
7. [Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve, gives a keynote address at a central banks conference at the US resort of Jackson Hole, Wyoming as statistics show that the US economy grew by 1%. ](/news/2011/08/26/ben-bernanke-the-chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-gives-a-keynote-address-at-a-central-banks-conference-at-the-us-resort-of-j.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
8. [In an unprecedented question and answer meeting with reporters, the U.S. Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke expects less economic growth for 2011 as the economy has been weaker in recent months than he had thought it would be. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-an-unprecedented-question-and-answer-meeting-with-reporters-the-u-s-federal-reserve-chairman-ben-bernanke-expects-less-economic-growth.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Chairman of the Federal Reserve_
9. [Paul Volcker steps down as the head of U.S. President Barack Obama's advisory panel, the Economic Recovery Advisory Board. Volcker, a former chairman of the Federal Reserve, was the guiding force behind recent legislation pressing investment banks to spin off their proprietary trading and branded hedge funds. ](/news/2011/01/21/paul-volcker-steps-down-as-the-head-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-advisory-panel-the-economic-recovery-advisory-board-volcker-a-former.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
10. [Ben Bernanke, the Chair of the Federal Reserve, says the United States Federal Reserve is prepared to act against the prospects of deflation but expects economic growth to continue during the latter half of 2010 "albeit at a relatively modest pace." ](/news/2010/08/27/ben-bernanke-the-chair-of-the-federal-reserve-says-the-united-states-federal-reserve-is-prepared-to-act-against-the-prospects-of-deflation.md) _Context: Ben Bernanke, Federal Reserve_
