### [2007-08-22](/news/2007/08/22/index.md)

#  Hurricane Dean makes its final landfall near Tecolutla, Veracruz, Mexico, 100 miles north of the city of Veracruz, as a Category 2 storm. The Red Cross reports only one injury and no deaths from Dean's first landfall on the Yucatan Peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/americas/08/22/hurricane.dean/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: landfall_
2. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Veracruz_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
4. [ Police report 14 suspected criminals, who attacked a police patrol, are killed in a gunbattle with police and Mexican Marines in Veracruz, Mexico. An unknown number fled. ](/news/2016/12/5/police-report-14-suspected-criminals-who-attacked-a-police-patrol-are-killed-in-a-gunbattle-with-police-and-mexican-marines-in-veracruz.md) _Context: Veracruz_
5. [Mexican authorities find the bodies of two priests who were kidnapped yesterday in Poza Rica, Veracruz. Authorities find the third abducted person, the driver, alive. ](/news/2016/09/19/mexican-authorities-find-the-bodies-of-two-priests-who-were-kidnapped-yesterday-in-poza-rica-veracruz-authorities-find-the-third-abducted.md) _Context: Veracruz_
6. [At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-mexican-states-of-puebla-and-verac.md) _Context: Veracruz_
7. [The death toll from mudslides in Eastern Mexico triggered by Hurricane Earl rises to 38, with 28 people killed in Puebla, and 10 others in Veracruz. ](/news/2016/08/7/the-death-toll-from-mudslides-in-eastern-mexico-triggered-by-hurricane-earl-rises-to-38-with-28-people-killed-in-puebla-and-10-others-in-v.md) _Context: Veracruz_
8. [ At least six people are killed in shootings at two nightclubs in the Mexican state of Veracruz. ](/news/2016/05/22/at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-shootings-at-two-nightclubs-in-the-mexican-state-of-veracruz.md) _Context: Veracruz_
9. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: Veracruz_
10. [Clashes and air strikes are reported in Yemen despite a fragile truce between the government and Houthis taking effect. However, the truce appears to be largely holding as members from the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement are granted unhindered access to give humanitarian aid and personnel across the country. ](/news/2016/04/11/clashes-and-air-strikes-are-reported-in-yemen-despite-a-fragile-truce-between-the-government-and-houthis-taking-effect-however-the-truce-a.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
