### [2017-07-12](/news/2017/07/12/index.md)

# A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. 

Parliament this evening approved the introduction of gay marriage through the new Marriage Equality Act with Nationalist MP Edwin Vassallo voting against. Malta became the 15th EU state to introduce same-sex marriage, just six years after the introduction of divorce. Clarifying his vote, Mr...


### Source:

1. [Times of Malta](https://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20170712/local/marriage-equality-act-approved-with-edwin-vassallo-voting-against.653120)
1. [Cover Image](https://cdn-attachments.timesofmalta.com/ddeaea3436703adb95a8a8c6d46c3fbcbed8fded-1499888078-596679ce-620x348.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Malta passed a law to recognise same sex civil unions and adoption by same sex couples. By this law Malta is going to become the 22nd European nation to accept civil union between same sex couples and 10th European nation to accept adoption by same sex couples.](/news/2014/04/14/the-parliament-of-malta-passed-a-law-to-recognise-same-sex-civil-unions-and-adoption-by-same-sex-couples-by-this-law-malta-is-going-to-beco.md) _Context: Malta, Parliament_
2. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
3. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
4. [Voters in Malta go to the polls for a snap election, with current Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and his Labour Party facing off against Forza Nazzjonali, led by Simon Busuttil. The election comes amid corruption allegations leveled against Muscat's associates. ](/news/2017/06/3/voters-in-malta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-with-current-prime-minister-joseph-muscat-and-his-labour-party-facing-off-against-forza.md) _Context: Malta_
5. [German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition-for-a-parliamentary-vote.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [The gigantic limestone natural arch Azure Window on the Maltese island of Gozo collapses due to a storm. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-gigantic-limestone-natural-arch-azure-window-on-the-maltese-island-of-gozo-collapses-due-to-a-storm.md) _Context: Malta_
7. [An Afriqiyah Airways flight originating from Sabha, Libya, is hijacked and forced to make an emergency landing in Malta. Hijackers threaten to blow up the aircraft with grenades, but the standoff ends peacefully with all hostages released and both hijackers surrendering. ](/news/2016/12/23/an-afriqiyah-airways-flight-originating-from-sabha-libya-is-hijacked-and-forced-to-make-an-emergency-landing-in-malta-hijackers-threaten.md) _Context: Malta_
8. [A twin-prop Fairchild Metroliner Mark III light aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from Malta International Airport, killing all five French nationals on board. Malta officials say that the aircraft was part of a French customs surveillance operation tracing routes of illicit trafficking, of humans and drugs on Libyan coasts, and that the flight was heading for the Libyan city of Misrata. ](/news/2016/10/24/a-twin-prop-fairchild-metroliner-mark-iii-light-aircraft-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-malta-international-airport-killing-all-five-fr.md) _Context: Malta_
9. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious-b.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
