### [2017-07-12](/news/2017/07/12/index.md)

# Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. 

A Democratic representative has introduced the first formal article of impeachment against President Donald Trump. Representative Brad Sherman alleges Mr Trump committed obstruction of justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey amid agency investigations into Russian meddling in the US election. &quot;Such conduct,&quot; Mr Sherman writes in the article, &quot;warrants impeachment and trial, and removal from office.&quot;


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-impeachment-bill-obstruction-justice-democrats-file-house-russia-investigation-a7838141.html?cmpid=facebook-post)

### Related:

1. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, President of the United States_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access-pipelines.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, President of the United States_
3. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
4. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
6. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump, President of the United States_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-mitigation.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
10. [The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
