### [2012-01-30](/news/2012/01/30/index.md)

# An Indonesian court in Jayapura indicts five Papuan activists for declaring independence in October. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The West Australian](http://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/a/-/world/12763298/indonesian-court-indicts-papuan-activists-for-treason/)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Jayapura and other towns in Papua, Indonesia, in support of the Free Papua Movement and its effort to join the Melanesian Spearhead Group. Indonesia responded with a large police and military presence, with reports of police firing on demonstrators in Wamena and arresting dozens across the province. ](/news/2016/05/31/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-jayapura-and-other-towns-in-papua-indonesia-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-and-its-effor.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura_
2. [Three construction workers are shot dead in Jayapura, Papua, by a supposed armed group, according to Indonesian police. ](/news/2016/03/17/three-construction-workers-are-shot-dead-in-jayapura-papua-by-a-supposed-armed-group-according-to-indonesian-police.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura_
3. [Around 10,000 Papuan people demonstrate in support of independence from Indonesia in the Papuan capital of Jayapura. ](/news/2011/08/2/around-10-000-papuan-people-demonstrate-in-support-of-independence-from-indonesia-in-the-papuan-capital-of-jayapura.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura_
4. [Indonesia investigates following the release of a video purportedly showing Indonesian soldiers torturing indigenous Papuans, in a region where a small group of rebels has waged a war for independence from Indonesia for the last few decades. ](/news/2010/10/18/indonesia-investigates-following-the-release-of-a-video-purportedly-showing-indonesian-soldiers-torturing-indigenous-papuans-in-a-region-wh.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papuan_
5. [At least 50,000 West Papuans march on the Papua provincial parliament in Jayapura calling for the rejection of special autonomy status offered by Indonesia in favor of independence; 20,000 camp outside the parliament overnight. ](/news/2010/07/9/at-least-50-000-west-papuans-march-on-the-papua-provincial-parliament-in-jayapura-calling-for-the-rejection-of-special-autonomy-status-offer.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura_
6. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
10. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
