### [2007-03-13](/news/2007/03/13/index.md)

#  Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General of the United States, acknowledges that mistakes were made in the handling of the firing of eight federal prosecutors. His top aide Kyle Sampson resigns for not advising other senior officials of the Department of Justice about discussions with former White House counsel Harriet Miers regarding the possible firings. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the Advocate](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/C/CONGRESS_PROSECUTORS?SITE=LABAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2007-03-13-13-45-40)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, White House, firings_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives approves contempt of Congress citations against Harriet Miers and Joshua Bolten in the U.S. Attorneys controversy. ](/news/2008/02/14/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-contempt-of-congress-citations-against-harriet-miers-and-joshua-bolten-in-the-u-s-atto.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
3. [ President George W. Bush nominates Michael Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales as the next Attorney-General of the United States. ](/news/2007/09/17/president-george-w-bush-nominates-michael-mukasey-to-replace-alberto-gonzales-as-the-next-attorney-general-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, Attorney General_
4. [ United States Senate Democratic Party officials seek a vote of no confidence on Attorney-General Alberto Gonzales. ](/news/2007/05/17/united-states-senate-democratic-party-officials-seek-a-vote-of-no-confidence-on-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, Attorney General_
5. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: Monica Goodling, who was an assistant counsel to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, resigns after refusing to testify before the Congress. ](/news/2007/04/6/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-monica-goodling-who-was-an-assistant-counsel-to-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-resigns-after.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, firings_
6. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: The Bush administration agrees to allow Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers to testify but not under oath.](/news/2007/03/20/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-the-bush-administration-agrees-to-allow-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-karl-rove-and-former-whi.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
7. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice, White House_
8. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
