### [2007-03-13](/news/2007/03/13/index.md)

#  The first match of the 2007 Cricket World Cup, between West Indies and Pakistan, takes place at Sabina Park in Jamaica. The West Indies win by 54 runs.([http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/cricket/6441789.stm BBC])




### Related:

1. [ Pakistan's Raffatullah Momand and Aamer Sajjad set a new world record for a second wicket partnership scoring 580 runs in a first-class  Quaid-i-Azam Trophy match, breaking the previous record of 576 held by Sri Lanka's Sanath Jayasuriya and Roshan Mahanama.](/news/2009/12/7/pakistanas-raffatullah-momand-and-aamer-sajjad-set-a-new-world-record-for-a-second-wicket-partnership-scoring-580-runs-in-a-first-class.md) _Context: Pakistan national cricket team, run_
2. [ The ninth Cricket World Cup opens in Trelawny Stadium, Montego Bay, Jamaica. The 2007 championship will feature cricket matches staged in various locations across the Caribbean. ](/news/2007/03/11/the-ninth-cricket-world-cup-opens-in-trelawny-stadium-montego-bay-jamaica-the-2007-championship-will-feature-cricket-matches-staged-in-v.md) _Context: 2007 Cricket World Cup, Jamaica_
3. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Jamaica_
4. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: Jamaica_
5. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Jamaica_
6. [Two  missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nic.md) _Context: Jamaica_
7. [Voters in Jamaica go to the polls for a general election, with the Jamaican Labour Party, led by Andrew Holness, winning a narrow victory. ](/news/2016/02/25/voters-in-jamaica-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-jamaican-labour-party-led-by-andrew-holness-winning-a-narrow-victory.md) _Context: Jamaica_
8. [Jamaican health officials confirm the country's first case of the Zika virus in a 4-year-old child who recently returned from a trip to Texas. ](/news/2016/01/30/jamaican-health-officials-confirm-the-country-s-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-in-a-4-year-old-child-who-recently-returned-from-a-trip-to-texa.md) _Context: Jamaica_
9. [Jamaican reggae singer Tessanne Chin wins Season 5 of the American singing competition ''The Voice''. ](/news/2013/12/17/jamaican-reggae-singer-tessanne-chin-wins-season-5-of-the-american-singing-competition-the-voice.md) _Context: Jamaica_
10. [West Indies cricketer Chris Gayle slams the fastest century in cricket history, reaching the triple figure in just 30 balls. ](/news/2013/04/23/west-indies-cricketer-chris-gayle-slams-the-fastest-century-in-cricket-history-reaching-the-triple-figure-in-just-30-balls.md) _Context: West Indies_
