### [2009-11-5](/news/2009/11/5/index.md)

#  A United Nations court imposes a defense lawyer on former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, and postpones his trial until March 2010. 

Radovan Karadzic will have a defence lawyer imposed on him after United Nations judges ruled that he had &#039;substantially and persistently obstructed&#039; his trial for genocide and war crimes.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2009/11/20091151454126270.html)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/bosnia/6509105/Radovan-Karadzic-trial-delayed-until-March-2010.html)

### Related:

1. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is to attend his war crimes trial on Tuesday, after boycotting previous sittings. ](/news/2009/11/2/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-to-attend-his-war-crimes-trial-on-tuesday-after-boycotting-previous-sittings.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Radovan Karadzic, his trial_
2. [Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/trial-of-ratko-mladia-in-the-hague-pformer-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-i.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, United Nations_
3. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, United Nations_
4. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Radovan Karadzic_
5. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic attends his war crimes trial for the first time after boycotting previous sittings. ](/news/2009/11/3/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-attends-his-war-crimes-trial-for-the-first-time-after-boycotting-previous-sittings.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Radovan Karadzic_
6. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Radovan Karadzic_
7. [ Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/30/bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-flown-to-the-hague-to-face-a-trial-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslav.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Radovan Karadzic_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the country's new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-country-s-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-f.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
