### [2008-01-16](/news/2008/01/16/index.md)

#  Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister, resigns from the Cabinet of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with 10 party colleagues resigning from the government as well. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j2H-d4ScEsfg5vI3tAyKwUQXxxOg)

### Related:

1. [ The Attorney-General of Israel launches a third criminal inquiry into the behaviour of the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert before he was Prime Minister: the latest inquiry is into granting political favours as Trade Minister. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-attorney-general-of-israel-launches-a-third-criminal-inquiry-into-the-behaviour-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-before-he-w.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Prime Minister_
2. [ Eitan Cabel, a member of the Israeli Cabinet resigns in protest of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's handling of the 2006 Lebanon War. ](/news/2007/05/1/eitan-cabel-a-member-of-the-israeli-cabinet-resigns-in-protest-of-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-s-handling-of-the-2006-lebanon-war.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, forming a government_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Prime Minister_
4. [ Israel will pursue Hezbollah leaders in Lebanon despite the ceasefire ending the month-long conflict, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has told parliament.](/news/2006/08/14/israel-will-pursue-hezbollah-leaders-in-lebanon-despite-the-ceasefire-ending-the-month-long-conflict-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-told-p.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Prime Minister_
5. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http:--www.arabnews.com-?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http:--fr.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http:--fr.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Israel, Prime Minister, forming a government_
