### [2007-11-7](/news/2007/11/7/index.md)

#  A fire in Gwalior, India, ruins over 400 small stores. Losses are estimated at 10 million rupees (USD 250,000).date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [Heavy rains in Rajkot, Gujarat, India, lead to damage valued at over 100 million rupees. ](/news/2013/09/29/heavy-rains-in-rajkot-gujarat-india-lead-to-damage-valued-at-over-100-million-rupees.md) _Context: India, rupee_
2. [The Indian rupee hits new record low against the US dollar. The rupee fell to 62.85 rupees against the dollar. ](/news/2013/08/17/the-indian-rupee-hits-new-record-low-against-the-us-dollar-the-rupee-fell-to-62-85-rupees-against-the-dollar.md) _Context: India, rupee_
3. [The Indian rupee hits new record low against the US dollar. The rupee fell to 62.03 rupees against the dollar. ](/news/2013/08/16/the-indian-rupee-hits-new-record-low-against-the-us-dollar-the-rupee-fell-to-62-03-rupees-against-the-dollar.md) _Context: India, rupee_
4. [According to a parliamentary answer by the ministry of health, the value of a life lost during a clinical trial is 2.2 lakh rupees ($ 4,000) in India in 2011. This number is the average compensation paid for deaths during clinical trials. No rules governing compensations for clinical trial-related injury or death have been approved by the Parliament of India yet. ](/news/2012/09/10/according-to-a-parliamentary-answer-by-the-ministry-of-health-the-value-of-a-life-lost-during-a-clinical-trial-is-2-2-lakh-rupees-4-000.md) _Context: India, rupee_
5. [ Ford Motor Company announces it will sell its British luxury-car brands Jaguar and Land Rover to India's Tata Motors for $2.3 billion. ](/news/2008/03/26/ford-motor-company-announces-it-will-sell-its-british-luxury-car-brands-jaguar-and-land-rover-to-india-s-tata-motors-for-2-3-billion.md) _Context: $, India_
6. [ After the acquisition of Algoma Steel, India's Essar Group plans to buy U.S.-based Minnesota Steel for US$ 1.66 billion. ](/news/2007/04/18/after-the-acquisition-of-algoma-steel-india-s-essar-group-plans-to-buy-u-s-based-minnesota-steel-for-us-1-66-billion.md) _Context: $, India_
7. [ India's Essar Group buys Canadian steelmaker Algoma for US$ 1.63 billion. ](/news/2007/04/15/india-s-essar-group-buys-canadian-steelmaker-algoma-for-us-1-63-billion.md) _Context: $, India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
