### [2014-02-19](/news/2014/02/19/index.md)

# Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina, former members of Pussy Riot, are arrested and subsequently released after protesting during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. 

Russian human rights activist says 2 members of band have been detained, accused of theft.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/olympics/sochi/2014/02/18/pussy-riot-band-members-detained-sochi-winter-olympics/5573207/)

### Related:

1. [Political activists Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, of the Russian band Pussy Riot, are given amnesty less than three months before the end of their sentences. They had been convicted of "hooliganism motivated by religious hatred". ](/news/2013/12/23/political-activists-maria-alyokhina-and-nadezhda-tolokonnikova-of-the-russian-band-pussy-riot-are-given-amnesty-less-than-three-months-bef.md) _Context: Maria Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, Pussy Riot_
2. [Pussy Riot members Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova are exiled to remote prison camps located in Perm and Mordovia, home to parts of the Soviet-era gulag system. Their exact locations are unknown, even to their lawyers and family members. They had petitioned to be held in Moscow which would have allowed them to watch their young children grow. ](/news/2012/10/22/pussy-riot-members-maria-alyokhina-and-nadezhda-tolokonnikova-are-exiled-to-remote-prison-camps-located-in-perm-and-mordovia-home-to-parts.md) _Context: Maria Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, Pussy Riot_
3. [Russia's leading opposition activists Boris Nemtsov, Alexei Navalny, Ilya Yashin are jailed for 7-10 days for disobeying a police officer while protesting against the Bolotnaya square case. The previous day, in Moscow police detained over 400 people, including Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina. ](/news/2014/02/25/russia-s-leading-opposition-activists-boris-nemtsov-alexei-navalny-ilya-yashin-are-jailed-for-7-10-days-for-disobeying-a-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Maria Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova_
4. [Russian authorities investigate six suspicious deaths and at least one car explosion in southern Russia's Stavropol territory, about 300 miles from Sochi, the site of next month's Winter Olympics. ](/news/2014/01/9/russian-authorities-investigate-six-suspicious-deaths-and-at-least-one-car-explosion-in-southern-russia-s-stavropol-territory-about-300-mil.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
5. [2014 Winter Olympics:. LGBT sportspeople, such as tennis player Billie Jean King and ice hockey player Caitlin Cahow, are to represent the United States in Sochi as a protest against the treatment of LGBT people in Russia. ](/news/2013/12/18/2014-winter-olympics-lgbt-sportspeople-such-as-tennis-player-billie-jean-king-and-ice-hockey-player-caitlin-cahow-are-to-represent-the-u.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
6. [The Kremlin announces that Russia will hold the 2014 G8 summit in its southern Black Sea resort of Sochi, the host of the 2014 Winter Olympics. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-kremlin-announces-that-russia-will-hold-the-2014-g8-summit-in-its-southern-black-sea-resort-of-sochi-the-host-of-the-2014-winter-olympi.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
7. [International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Jacques Rogge inspects the site of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. ](/news/2010/06/7/international-olympic-committee-ioc-president-jacques-rogge-inspects-the-site-of-the-2014-winter-olympics-in-sochi-russia.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
8. [ The International Olympic Committee elects Sochi as the host city for the 2014 Winter Olympics during its session in Guatemala City. ](/news/2007/07/4/the-international-olympic-committee-elects-sochi-as-the-host-city-for-the-2014-winter-olympics-during-its-session-in-guatemala-city.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
9. [2016 Russian Defence Ministry Tupolev Tu-154 crash. A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-russian-defence-ministry-tupolev-tu-154-crash-a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov.md) _Context: Sochi_
10. [Two members of the protest band Pussy Riot are left with chemical burns and head injuries after being attacked by a group of people in a McDonald's. ](/news/2014/03/6/two-members-of-the-protest-band-pussy-riot-are-left-with-chemical-burns-and-head-injuries-after-being-attacked-by-a-group-of-people-in-a-mcd.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
