### [2004-03-1](/news/2004/03/1/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: President of the United States George W. Bush urges passage of a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman, as the only way to stop "municipal and judicial activists" from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. "If we are to prevent the meaning of marriage from being changed forever, our nation must enact a constitutional amendment." John Kerry denounces the amendment as "toying" or "tampering" with the Constitution of the United States for partisan advantage. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Times](http://www.washtimes.com/national/20040224-115129-5636r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: U.S. President George W. Bush announces his support for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. Bush did not explicitly endorse the Federal Marriage Amendment, proposed by Representative Marilyn Musgrave (R&ndash;Colorado), which has been criticised for potentially also denying states the ability to recognise same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships. However, he said that the FMA ""meets his principles"" in protecting the ""sanctity of marriage"" between men and women.](/news/2004/02/24/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Staff advisors for U.S. President George W. Bush say he will support the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment to the U.S. Constitution which would outlaw same-sex marriage and federalize marriage law, which has been set by individual states since the founding of the country.](/news/2004/02/14/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-staff-advisors-for-u-s-president-george-w-bush-say-he-will-support-the-proposed-federal-marriage.md) _Context: George W. Bush, constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
3. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: John Kerry, President_
5. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
6. [United States President Barack Obama officially states that he supports the right for same-sex partners to marry. ](/news/2012/05/9/united-states-president-barack-obama-officially-states-that-he-supports-the-right-for-same-sex-partners-to-marry.md) _Context: President, same-sex marriage_
7. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
8. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
9. [Roger Vinson of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida rules that the Health insurance mandate of President Barack Obama's health care reforms are unconstitutional. ](/news/2011/01/31/roger-vinson-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-florida-rules-that-the-health-insurance-mandate-of-president-b.md) _Context: President, unconstitutional_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
