### [2014-04-22](/news/2014/04/22/index.md)

# African troops capture a junior commander of the Lord's Resistance Army and rescue 10 civilians after a firefight in the Central African Republic. 

KAMPALA, Uganda (AP) — African troops captured a junior commander with the Lord&#x27;s Resistance Army and rescued 10 people, mostly children, abducted by the rebels, Uganda&#x27;s military said Tuesday, the latest blow against the rebel group in an international hunt for its fugitive leaders.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/african-troops-capture-junior-lra-rebel-commander-122358434.html)

### Related:

1. [A man claiming to be the Lord's Resistance Army top commander Ugandan Dominic Ongwen turns himself in to United States forces in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/01/6/a-man-claiming-to-be-the-lord-s-resistance-army-top-commander-ugandan-dominic-ongwen-turns-himself-in-to-united-states-forces-in-the-central.md) _Context: Central-African, Lord's Resistance Army_
2. [The Ugandan army captures Caesar Achellam, a senior commander of the militant Lord's Resistance Army, in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2012/05/13/the-ugandan-army-captures-caesar-achellam-a-senior-commander-of-the-militant-lord-s-resistance-army-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central-African, Lord's Resistance Army_
3. [The Ugandan army announces it has killed Bok Abudema, a senior member of the Lord's Resistance Army, in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2010/01/2/the-ugandan-army-announces-it-has-killed-bok-abudema-a-senior-member-of-the-lord-s-resistance-army-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central-African, Lord's Resistance Army_
4. [ Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army leader Joseph Kony enters the Central African Republic, thus violating a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/03/17/ugandan-lord-s-resistance-army-leader-joseph-kony-enters-the-central-african-republic-thus-violating-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: Central-African, Lord's Resistance Army_
5. [Tomorrow, the United States will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony. ](/news/2017/04/25/tomorrow-the-united-states-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony.md) _Context: Central-African_
6. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
7. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
8. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [Dominic Ongwen, a former commander of the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda, appears before the International Criminal Court in a hearing to determine whether a criminal trial should go ahead. ](/news/2016/01/21/dominic-ongwen-a-former-commander-of-the-lord-s-resistance-army-in-uganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-in-a-hearing-to.md) _Context: Lord's Resistance Army_
10. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central-African_
