### [2005-09-24](/news/2005/09/24/index.md)

#  Human Rights Watch reports whistleblowers accuse U.S. troops of routinely torturing Iraqi prisoners and declining to investigate complaints. 




### Source:

1. [Human Rights Watch](http://www.hrw.org/english/docs/2005/09/25/usint11776.htm)
2. [IPS news](http://www.ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=30399)
3. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/09/24/politics/24abuse.html)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/iraq/2005-09-24-airborneaccused_x.htm)

### Related:

1. [A report by Human Rights Watch and interACT Advocates for Intersex Youth calls for a U.S. moratorium on all surgical procedures on intersex children because they are medically unnecessary and can scar young patients for life. ](/news/2017/07/25/a-report-by-human-rights-watch-and-interact-advocates-for-intersex-youth-calls-for-a-u-s-moratorium-on-all-surgical-procedures-on-intersex.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
2. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
3. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
4. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
5. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
6. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
7. [Hamas reports it has executed one of its commanders, Mahmoud Eshtewi,  for "moral and behavioral violations."  Human Rights Watch, contacted by Eshtewi's family, had been monitoring the case. ](/news/2016/02/7/hamas-reports-it-has-executed-one-of-its-commanders-mahmoud-eshtewi-for-amoral-and-behavioral-violations-a-human-rights-watch-conta.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Human Rights Watch (HRW) reports Nigeria's military has quickly buried the corpses of at least 300 Shia Muslims killed during raids at the house of Ibrahim Zakzaky in Zaria earlier in December. ](/news/2015/12/24/human-rights-watch-hrw-reports-nigeriaas-military-has-quickly-buried-the-corpses-of-at-least-300-shia-muslims-killed-during-raids-at-the.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [Human Rights Watch releases a report finding, because of  a language barrier, integration issues, and financial difficulties, more than 400,000 Syrian refugee children in Turkey are not able to attend school despite the  Turkish government allowing them access to the Turkish schooling system. ](/news/2015/11/9/human-rights-watch-releases-a-report-finding-because-of-a-language-barrier-integration-issues-and-financial-difficulties-more-than-400.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
