### [2014-02-3](/news/2014/02/3/index.md)

# A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. 

Sky News Australia has the top stories in news online from Australia and the rest of the World.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=947412&vId=)

### Related:

1. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:. The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State, Northeastern United States, Pennsylvania_
2. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
3. [January 2015 nor'easter. The blizzard begins as an ongoing winter storm across the Central and Eastern United States. States of New Jersey through New York and New England enact blizzard warnings. ](/news/2015/01/26/january-2015-nor-easter-the-blizzard-begins-as-an-ongoing-winter-storm-across-the-central-and-eastern-united-states-states-of-new-jersey-t.md) _Context: New Jersey, New York State_
4. [November 2014 North American cold wave. Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/november-2014-north-american-cold-wave-lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michi.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
5. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:. Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
6. [Tropical Storm Lee remnants in the northeastern United States:. Ten thousand people are ordered to evacuate in Broome County in the US state of New York due to flooding of the Chenango River and the Susquehanna River. ](/news/2011/09/7/tropical-storm-lee-remnants-in-the-northeastern-united-states-ten-thousand-people-are-ordered-to-evacuate-in-broome-county-in-the-us-state.md) _Context: New York State, Northeastern United States_
7. [An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. ](/news/2010/06/23/an-earthquake-occurs-56-kilometres-north-northeast-of-ottawa-registering-a-5-0-on-the-richter-scale-slight-damage-was-reported-near-the-ep.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
8. [ A nor'easter in the northeastern United States causes flooding and disrupts travel in the region. One person is killed in a tornado in North Carolina and two people die in weather-related car accidents in New York and Connecticut. ](/news/2007/04/15/a-nor-easter-in-the-northeastern-united-states-causes-flooding-and-disrupts-travel-in-the-region-one-person-is-killed-in-a-tornado-in-nort.md) _Context: New York State, Northeastern United States_
9. [ Ralph "Bucky" Phillips, the most recent addition to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, surrenders to Pennsylvania State Police. He is wanted for shooting three New York State troopers, one of whom died, after he escaped from jail. ](/news/2006/09/8/ralph-bucky-phillips-the-most-recent-addition-to-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list-surrenders-to-pennsylvania-state-police-he-is.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
10. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I-ve seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: New York State, Pennsylvania_
