### [2009-03-5](/news/2009/03/5/index.md)

#  The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Jerusalem-Bulldozer-Driver-Shot-Dead-After-Rams-Police-And-Bus-In-Suspected-Terror-Attack/Article/200903115235242?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15235242_Jerusalem_Bulldozer_Driver_Shot_Dead_After_Rams_Police_And_Bus_In_Suspected_Terror_Attack)

### Related:

1. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian, terrorism_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): 2016 Jerusalem bus bombing: A bomb explosion in Jerusalem set two buses on fire and injured 21 people with ball bearing and nails. Israeli police say they believe the incident was a suicide bombing but no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-2016-jerusalem-bus-bombing-a-bomb-explosion-in-jerusalem-set-two-buses-on-fire-and-injured.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
7. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [A Jewish Israeli man is shot dead near Jerusalem's Western Wall after a guard mistakes him for a Palestinian militant after hearing him shout "Allahu Akbar". ](/news/2013/06/21/a-jewish-israeli-man-is-shot-dead-near-jerusalem-s-western-wall-after-a-guard-mistakes-him-for-a-palestinian-militant-after-hearing-him-shou.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
9. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian terrorist in East Jerusalem as he rams them with his tractor. ](/news/2009/04/7/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-terrorist-in-east-jerusalem-as-he-rams-them-with-his-tractor.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Palestinian_
10. [ Palestinian militants fire two rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/8/palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militant_
