### [2005-07-24](/news/2005/07/24/index.md)

#  American cyclist and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong wins his seventh consecutive Tour de France. Armstrong has announced that this will be his last tour and he will be retiring from the sport. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/other_sports/cycling/4712583.stm)
2. [Letour.fr](http://www.letour.fr/2005/TDF/LIVE/us/2000/classement/ITE.html)

### Related:

1. [ American cyclist Floyd Landis is officially stripped of his win in the 2006 Tour de France and banned from competition for two years after an arbitration panel finds him guilty of doping during the 2006 Tour. He has 30 days to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2007/09/20/american-cyclist-floyd-landis-is-officially-stripped-of-his-win-in-the-2006-tour-de-france-and-banned-from-competition-for-two-years-after.md) _Context: Tour de France, cyclist_
2. [ Dave Zabriskie becomes the third American to ever wear the yellow leader's jersey in the Tour de France, beating fellow American Lance Armstrong by two seconds in the prologue stage. ](/news/2005/07/2/dave-zabriskie-becomes-the-third-american-to-ever-wear-the-yellow-leader-s-jersey-in-the-tour-de-france-beating-fellow-american-lance-arms.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, Tour de France_
3. [ Cyclist Lance Armstrong wins his fourth consecutive Tour de France.](/news/2002/07/28/cyclist-lance-armstrong-wins-his-fourth-consecutive-tour-de-france.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, Tour de France_
4. [ Lance Armstrong wins his first Tour de France.](/news/1999/07/25/lance-armstrong-wins-his-first-tour-de-france.md) _Context: Lance Armstrong, Tour de France_
5. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: cancer_
6. [North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: United States of America_
7. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
