### [2005-07-24](/news/2005/07/24/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. 

Two civilians murdered, three injured when gunmen ambush Israeli vehicle near Gaza border; attack coincided with visit by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/mideast_dc;_ylt=AlQEVTw2zrm3RH.pleynPl6aK8MA;_ylu=X3oDMTA5bGVna3NhBHNlYwNzc3JlbA--)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4711497.stm)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3116961,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack.  The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees  and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Popular Resistance Committees_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah.  Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Military stations troops and artillery on the edge of Gaza and seals the borders of the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-military-stations-troops-and-artillery-on-the-edge-of-gaza-and-seals-the-borders-of-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Popular Resistance Committees_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
