### [2003-09-30](/news/2003/09/30/index.md)

#  EU foreign ministers have approved a controversial pension reform for EU civil servants, which is set to increase their pension age and make the new entrants work more years to receive the maximum level of pension.




### Related:

1. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: Foreign Minister_
2. [Britain's National Union of Journalists announces a strike against the "Financial Times", protesting the changes in pension arrangements since the acquisition of the FT by a Japanese media group, Nikkei. ](/news/2015/11/20/britain-s-national-union-of-journalists-announces-a-strike-against-the-financial-times-protesting-the-changes-in-pension-arrangements-sin.md) _Context: pension_
3. [European Union foreign ministers, gathered in Luxembourg to discuss the situation in Syria, release a statement urging Russia to stop its attacks in Syria and direct efforts towards a political solution. ](/news/2015/10/12/european-union-foreign-ministers-gathered-in-luxembourg-to-discuss-the-situation-in-syria-release-a-statement-urging-russia-to-stop-its-at.md) _Context: Foreign Minister_
4. [The top foreign affairs officials of the G8 group of nations meet in London, where the Korean crisis, Syrian conflict and Iran's nuclear threats are expected to be major talking points. ](/news/2013/04/11/the-top-foreign-affairs-officials-of-the-g8-group-of-nations-meet-in-london-where-the-korean-crisis-syrian-conflict-and-iran-s-nuclear-thr.md) _Context: Foreign Minister_
5. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission accuses the state of Illinois of securities fraud by misleading investors about the health of the state's public pension fund. ](/news/2013/03/11/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-accuses-the-state-of-illinois-of-securities-fraud-by-misleading-investors-about-the-health-of-th.md) _Context: pension_
6. [As many as 400,000 public sector workers in the United Kingdom resolve to stage a 24-hour mass strike in protest against planned pension cuts. ](/news/2012/05/10/as-many-as-400-000-public-sector-workers-in-the-united-kingdom-resolve-to-stage-a-24-hour-mass-strike-in-protest-against-planned-pension-cut.md) _Context: pension_
7. [Up to two million public sector workers in the United Kingdom commence a 24-hour strike over pension reforms, affecting schools, hospitals, airports, ports and government offices nationwide. ](/news/2011/11/30/up-to-two-million-public-sector-workers-in-the-united-kingdom-commence-a-24-hour-strike-over-pension-reforms-affecting-schools-hospitals.md) _Context: pension_
8. [Danny Alexander, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury of the United Kingdom, announces that the retirement age for British civil servants will be increased to 66, with the exception of the police, armed forces and fire service. ](/news/2011/06/17/danny-alexander-the-chief-secretary-to-the-treasury-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-that-the-retirement-age-for-british-civil-servants-wil.md) _Context: civil servant_
9. [Foreign Ministers from Japan and China meet to try to resolve soured relations over a maritime territorial dispute. ](/news/2010/10/29/foreign-ministers-from-japan-and-china-meet-to-try-to-resolve-soured-relations-over-a-maritime-territorial-dispute.md) _Context: Foreign Minister_
10. [2010 strikes in France: French workers initiate a 24-hour strike against pension reform with transport services badly affected. ](/news/2010/10/12/2010-strikes-in-france-french-workers-initiate-a-24-hour-strike-against-pension-reform-with-transport-services-badly-affected.md) _Context: pension_
