### [2003-09-30](/news/2003/09/30/index.md)

#  The European Commission will not shy away from imposing fines on France if it continues to break Euro-rules, according to Economics Commissioner Pedro Solbes.




### Related:

1. [The European Commission states that the combined eurozone economy is likely to contract by 0.3% in 2012, as an ongoing debt crisis and high unemployment continue to wrack the 17 euro-using nations. ](/news/2012/05/12/the-european-commission-states-that-the-combined-eurozone-economy-is-likely-to-contract-by-0-3-in-2012-as-an-ongoing-debt-crisis-and-high.md) _Context: EUR, European Commission_
2. [ The European Commission fines Intel Corporation EUR1.06 billion for anti-competitive practices. ](/news/2009/05/13/the-european-commission-fines-intel-corporation-a-1-06-billion-for-anti-competitive-practices.md) _Context: EUR, European Commission_
3. [ Microsoft is to be fined a record EUR497 million ($613 million) by the European Commission as punishment for abusing its Windows monopoly, according to reports ahead of a key meeting by EU Commissioners on Wednesday. ](/news/2004/03/22/microsoft-is-to-be-fined-a-record-a-497-million-613-million-by-the-european-commission-as-punishment-for-abusing-its-windows-monopoly.md) _Context: EUR, European Commission_
4. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
6. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigatio.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
