### [2011-10-23](/news/2011/10/23/index.md)

# Autopsy results reveal that former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was killed by a gunshot to the head. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/10/23/world/africa/libya-gadhafi-autopsy/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his-hometown-of-sirte-liby.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, demise_
2. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [Over documents delivered to Saif al-Islam, detained son of slain leader Muammar Gaddafi, Libya arrests an Australian lawyer from the International Criminal Court (ICC) for trying "to deliver documents to the accused, documents that have nothing to do with his case and that represent a danger to the security of Libya". ](/news/2012/06/10/over-documents-delivered-to-saif-al-islam-detained-son-of-slain-leader-muammar-gaddafi-libya-arrests-an-australian-lawyer-from-the-interna.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [In Addis Ababa, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon addresses the first African Union summit since the demise of Muammar Gaddafi, calling for improvement of LGBT rights. ](/news/2012/01/29/in-addis-ababa-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-addresses-the-first-african-union-summit-since-the-demise-of-muammar-gaddafi-calling-for-i.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, demise_
7. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [Libya celebrates its independence for the first time in 42 years; independence celebrations were banned under the regime of former dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/12/24/libya-celebrates-its-independence-for-the-first-time-in-42-years-independence-celebrations-were-banned-under-the-regime-of-former-dictator.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [Muammar Gaddafi's fugitive son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, is captured in Libya. ](/news/2011/11/19/muammar-gaddafi-s-fugitive-son-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-is-captured-in-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
