### [2004-04-27](/news/2004/04/27/index.md)

#  South African president Thabo Mbeki is sworn in for a second term after being overwhelmingly reelected on April 14. The event is marred by controversy over the attendance of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe.




### Related:

1. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki, Zimbabwe_
2. [Robert Mugabe wins the Zimbabwe elections with 54% of the vote to Morgan Tsvangirai's 40% on a turnout of 55.9%. His victory is controversial and comes amid claims that many have been prevented from voting and there has been a campaign of intimidation. But election observers from South Africa and the Organisation of African Unity state that the outcome is legitimate.](/news/2002/03/11/robert-mugabe-wins-the-zimbabwe-elections-with-54-of-the-vote-to-morgan-tsvangirai-s-40-on-a-turnout-of-55-9-his-victory-is-controversia.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, South Africa, Zimbabwe_
3. [Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe fires prosecutor Johannes Tomana. ](/news/2017/06/10/zimbabwe-president-robert-mugabe-fires-prosecutor-johannes-tomana.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [The president of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is awarded the Confucius Peace Prize, sometimes characterized as a Chinese alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-is-awarded-the-confucius-peace-prize-sometimes-characterized-as-a-chinese-alternative-to-the-nobe.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe makes his first public appearance in several weeks. ](/news/2014/01/20/president-robert-mugabe-of-zimbabwe-makes-his-first-public-appearance-in-several-weeks.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [Robert Mugabe is declared the run-away winner of Zimbabwe's controversial presidential election by a 61% majority, extending his 33-year rule. ](/news/2013/08/3/robert-mugabe-is-declared-the-run-away-winner-of-zimbabwe-s-controversial-presidential-election-by-a-61-majority-extending-his-33-year-rul.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
