### [2005-02-21](/news/2005/02/21/index.md)

#  Curfew is imposed on the Indian city of Lucknow after sectarian violence between Sunni and Shia Muslims. 3 people are dead and 20 injured 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4283157.stm)
2. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/full_story.php?content_id=65110)
3. [New Kerala](http://news.newkerala.com/india-news/?action=fullnews&id=75223)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?storyID=7685235&type=topNews)
4. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Muslim, sectarian strife_
2. [2011 Yemeni uprising: At least 25 people are killed in fighting between Sunni and Shia groups in Yemen. ](/news/2011/11/28/2011-yemeni-uprising-at-least-25-people-are-killed-in-fighting-between-sunni-and-shia-groups-in-yemen.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
3. [ Five Iraqi Shia, Sunni and Kurdish political parties sign a deal forming a new "Moderates Front" supporting Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki ](/news/2007/08/26/five-iraqi-shia-sunni-and-kurdish-political-parties-sign-a-deal-forming-a-new-moderates-front-supporting-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 20 Shia Militia members and Iraqi Police have died following a Sunni Arab ambush in Nahrawan, South East of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/10/27/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-20-shia-militia-members-and-iraqi-police-have-died-following-a-sunni-arab-ambush-in-nahrawan-south-east-of-bagh.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
5. [ At least four Shia Muslims, believed to be members of the Mahdi Army are killed by US soldiers in a gunfight following a U.S. raid into Sadr City, eastern Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/25/at-least-four-shia-muslims-believed-to-be-members-of-the-mahdi-army-are-killed-by-us-soldiers-in-a-gunfight-following-a-u-s-raid-into-sad.md) _Context: Muslim, Shia_
6. [ Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr joins Sunnis in calling for a delay in the assembly election, saying that it cannot happen if Sunnis cannot fairly participate. President of Iran Mohammad Khatami says his country opposes a postponement because the elections will facilitate "the exit of occupation forces". ](/news/2005/01/9/shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-joins-sunnis-in-calling-for-a-delay-in-the-assembly-election-saying-that-it-cannot-happen-if-sunnis-cannot-fai.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: 15 Iraqi Shia workers are killed and eight wounded in a rocket attack on a hotel in the predominantly Sunni city of Tikrit. ](/news/2004/10/31/conflict-in-iraq-15-iraqi-shia-workers-are-killed-and-eight-wounded-in-a-rocket-attack-on-a-hotel-in-the-predominantly-sunni-city-of-tikri.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
8. [ At least 19 people are killed in an explosion&mdash;suspected to be a suicide bombing&mdash;at a Shia mosque in the Pakistani city of Sialkot (located near the border of Indian-controlled Kashmir). The attack follows the killing of a leading Sunni cleric. ](/news/2004/10/1/at-least-19-people-are-killed-in-an-explosion-mdash-suspected-to-be-a-suicide-bombing-mdash-at-a-shia-mosque-in-the-pakistani-city-of-sialk.md) _Context: Shia, Sunni_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
