### [2005-02-21](/news/2005/02/21/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/542638.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas travels to the Gaza Strip to persuade militant groups to join the ceasefire announced with Israel three days ago. ](/news/2005/02/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-travels-to-the-gaza-strip-to-persuade-militant-groups-to-join-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
6. [  Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian President, has called for an end to the violence, and a mutual ceasefire between the Israelis and the Palestinian Militant factions.  ](/news/2005/01/15/mahmoud-abbas-the-new-palestinian-president-has-called-for-an-end-to-the-violence-and-a-mutual-ceasefire-between-the-israelis-and-the-p.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
7. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
10. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
