### [2005-02-21](/news/2005/02/21/index.md)

#  Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/542638.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
3. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
4. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-formally-invited-to-the-2007-mide.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
6. [ Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, spells out his conditions for a peace deal with Israel prior to a conference in Annapolis, Maryland next month. ](/news/2007/10/10/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-spells-out-his-conditions-for-a-peace-deal-with-israel-prior-to-a-conference-in.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-between-the-palestinian-presiden.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
10. [ Israel formally hands Jericho to Palestinian Authority control, which is likely to strengthen Mahmoud Abbas. The PA will resume security control over the city and will have to make sure that wanted militants will remain in check. ](/news/2005/03/16/israel-formally-hands-jericho-to-palestinian-authority-control-which-is-likely-to-strengthen-mahmoud-abbas-the-pa-will-resume-security-co.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
