### [2014-05-27](/news/2014/05/27/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: At least thirty pro-Russian separatists have died in fighting over control of Donetsk International Airport; the Ukrainian government claims to have total control of the airport following the clashes with the separatists. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27584718)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27584718#)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
2. [War in Donbass: Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-donbass-representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia_
3. [Russia-Ukraine gas disputes: Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-ukraine-gas-disputes-russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supp.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia_
4. [2013-15 Ukrainian crisis:: Clashes between the Ukrainian army and pro-Russia rebels over Donetsk International Airport intensifies. ](/news/2015/01/17/2013-15-ukrainian-crisis-clashes-between-the-ukrainian-army-and-pro-russia-rebels-over-donetsk-international-airport-intensifies.md) _Context: Donetsk International Airport, Russia_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
6. [War in Donbass: A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/war-in-donbass-a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-a-ukrainian-antonov-an-26-military-transport-plane-was-shot-down-near-luhansk-where-there-is-currently.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Pro-Russian militants force the closure of Donetsk International Airport a day after preventing any voters in the city of Donetsk from casting a vote in the Ukrainian presidential election. ](/news/2014/05/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-militants-force-the-closure-of-donetsk-international-airport-a-day-after-preventing-any-vote.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Donetsk International Airport_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU. ](/news/2014/05/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-graham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia_
