### [2014-05-27](/news/2014/05/27/index.md)

# The president of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, says that the ECB is conscious of the dangers of too low a level of inflation and it has the weapons necessary to get back to the target rate. 

European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said on Tuesday the bank was aware of the risks from prices remaining too low for too long and the ECB was equipped to get inflation back to its target again.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/27/us-ecb-draghi-idUSKBN0E71QH20140527)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140527&t=2&i=900427541&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEA4Q0M4)

### Related:

1. [Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, tells the European parliament in prepared testimony that the outlook for inflation is "weakening." The comment was taken to suggest the ECB will soon take a more stimulative stance on interest rates or money quantity. ](/news/2015/11/12/mario-draghi-head-of-the-european-central-bank-tells-the-european-parliament-in-prepared-testimony-that-the-outlook-for-inflation-is-weak.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
2. [Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, confirms the overhaul of euro banknotes, beginning with the EUR5 note. ](/news/2012/11/8/mario-draghi-president-of-the-european-central-bank-confirms-the-overhaul-of-euro-banknotes-beginning-with-the-a-5-note.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
3. [A group of Irish people are thrown out of the European Central Bank in Frankfurt after attempting to hand a letter of protest to the bank's president Mario Draghi. ](/news/2012/06/6/a-group-of-irish-people-are-thrown-out-of-the-european-central-bank-in-frankfurt-after-attempting-to-hand-a-letter-of-protest-to-the-bank-s.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
4. [Italian Mario Draghi is appointed as the next President of the European Central Bank, replacing Jean-Claude Trichet on November 1. ](/news/2011/06/24/italian-mario-draghi-is-appointed-as-the-next-president-of-the-european-central-bank-replacing-jean-claude-trichet-on-november-1.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
5. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy endorses Mario Draghi to become next President of the European Central Bank, to succeed Jean-Claude Trichet. ](/news/2011/04/27/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-endorses-mario-draghi-to-become-next-president-of-the-european-central-bank-to-succeed-jean-claude-tric.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
6. [The Bank of Italy says in a statement that the country's treasury will have to put up around 6.6 billion euros to rescue Monte dei Paschi given the European Central Bank's estimate of Monte dei Paschi's capital shortfall. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-bank-of-italy-says-in-a-statement-that-the-country-s-treasury-will-have-to-put-up-around-6-6-billion-euros-to-rescue-monte-dei-paschi-gi.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
7. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-the.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
8. [A member of the board of the Bundesbank in Germany says that the European Central Bank ought to crack down on the political practice, in EU's member states, by which banks that are no longer viable are nonetheless kept in business, as so-called Zombie banks. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-member-of-the-board-of-the-bundesbank-in-germany-says-that-the-european-central-bank-ought-to-crack-down-on-the-political-practice-in-eu.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
9. [The new 20 euro note, the third in the Europa series, enters into circulation today. The European Central Bank says the banknote has a "refreshed look and more vibrant colours," and includes a new kind of security feature: a "portrait window" near the top of the hologram stripe which becomes transparent when seen against the light. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-new-20-euro-note-the-third-in-the-europa-series-enters-into-circulation-today-the-european-central-bank-says-the-banknote-has-a-are.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
10. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
