### [2011-03-2](/news/2011/03/2/index.md)

# Hawaii Democratic Party Senator Daniel Akaka announces that he will not be standing for reelection in the United States Senate election in Hawaii. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://voices.washingtonpost.com/thefix/senate/hawaii-sen-daniel-akaka-wont-s.html)

### Related:

1. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Democrats, Hawaii_
2. [ United States Senate election in Georgia, 2008: Voters in the U.S. state of Georgia go to the polls for a runoff election between incumbent Senator Saxby Chambliss of the Republican Party and Jim Martin of the Democratic Party. Chambliss is reelected, ending the Democratic Party's hopes of having 60 Senators to avoid a filibuster. [http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE4B11I120081202 (Reuters)], (''[http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/03/us/politics/03georgia.html?_r=1&hp New York Times]'')](/news/2008/12/2/united-states-senate-election-in-georgia-2008-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-between-incumbent.md) _Context: Democrats, Senator_
3. [ U.S. presidential election:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at-the-invesco-field-at-mile-high.md) _Context: Democrats, Senator_
4. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins  in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Democrats, Senator_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Democrats, Senator_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democrats_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrats_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democrats_
9. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democrats_
10. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
