### [2011-03-2](/news/2011/03/2/index.md)

# MetLife, the largest life insurance company in the United States, claims that shares held by the American International Group (AIG) have been sold for $6.35 billion to help pay back the United States government for the bailout. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=%2Fg%2Fa%2F2011%2F03%2F02%2Fbloomberg1376-LHEREB0UQVI901-479SMNM0839I76NLMLHP6TMJL9.DTL)

### Related:

1. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: MetLife, United States_
2. [Most of the largest financial institutions in the United States pass a Federal Reserve System stress test although Citigroup, MetLife, Ally Financial and SunTrust do not. ](/news/2012/03/13/most-of-the-largest-financial-institutions-in-the-united-states-pass-a-federal-reserve-system-stress-test-although-citigroup-metlife-ally.md) _Context: MetLife, United States_
3. [The life insurance company Metlife expects to sell its Taiwan unit soon, perhaps as early as April, according to anonymous sources cited by Reuters.  Regulators blocked an early effort by MetLife to sell the same unit. ](/news/2011/02/22/the-life-insurance-company-metlife-expects-to-sell-its-taiwan-unit-soon-perhaps-as-early-as-april-according-to-anonymous-sources-cited-by.md) _Context: MetLife, life insurance_
4. [ Global financial crisis of 2008: The United States government announces a second bailout of American International Group; the total value of the new plan, roughly US$150 billion, represents the largest government support package extended to a private company in US history.](/news/2008/11/10/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-p-the-united-states-government-announces-a-second-bailout-of-american-international-group-the-total-value.md) _Context: AIG, United States_
5. [ In New York City, United States, attorney general charges insurance company American International Group and two of its former executives for fraud and manipulating the accounts ](/news/2005/05/26/in-new-york-city-united-states-attorney-general-charges-insurance-company-american-international-group-and-two-of-its-former-executives-f.md) _Context: AIG, United States_
6. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
9. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
