### [2011-03-2](/news/2011/03/2/index.md)

# The United States military files new charges against Private Bradley Manning in relation to the leak of the WikiLeaks cables. 

The US military has brought 22 new charges against the junior soldier accused of leaking hundreds of thousands of sensitive US government documents that were published by WikiLeaks.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2011/03/03/3153767.htm?section=justin)

### Related:

1. [Operation Inherent Resolve. The United States military states that it has inadvertently killed 64 civilians in air strikes on targets in Syria and Iraq over the past year. ](/news/2016/11/9/operation-inherent-resolve-the-united-states-military-states-that-it-has-inadvertently-killed-64-civilians-in-air-strikes-on-targets-in-syr.md) _Context: United States military_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: United States military_
3. [Military intervention against ISIL. While testifying about the United States military-s current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will -Americanize- the conflict. The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials -did little to assuage lawmakers- concerns that the strategy isn-t working.-- At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/military-intervention-against-isil-while-testifying-about-the-united-states-military-s-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chief.md) _Context: United States military_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: United States military_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: United States military_
6. [Amid the crisis in Ukraine, President of the United States Barack Obama announces the European Reassurance Initiative-a $1bn plan to fund the increase of the United States military presence in Europe and step up defense capabilities of Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia. ](/news/2014/06/3/amid-the-crisis-in-ukraine-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-the-european-reassurance-initiative-a-1bn-plan-to-fund.md) _Context: United States military_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, previously the only United States military prisoner held captive in Afghanistan, is released in exchange for five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2014/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-sergeant-bowe-bergdahl-previously-the-only-united-states-military-prisoner-held-captive-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: United States military_
8. [In "United States v. Bradley Manning", Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges. ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-information.md) _Context: Bradley Manning_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. In Afghanistan, a man wearing an Afghan military uniform attacks and kills three American soldiers, in what appears to be an insider attack on U.S. International Security Assistance Force soldiers, based in east Afghanistan's Paktika Province. ](/news/2013/06/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-in-afghanistan-a-man-wearing-an-afghan-military-uniform-attacks-and-kills-three-american-soldiers-in-w.md) _Context: United States military_
10. ["United States v. Bradley Manning":. The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/united-states-v-bradley-manning-the-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileak.md) _Context: Bradley Manning_
