### [2011-06-12](/news/2011/06/12/index.md)

# 2011 Yemeni uprising:Talks to end the political crisis in the country fail as the deputy to wounded President Ali Abdullah Saleh refuses to speak to those demanding he cede power. 

Over in Yemen, At least 40 people have been killed in a battle between Yemeni soldiers and Islamic militants on Saturday, local time. According to the country ̔s defense ministry, the soldiers were trying to drive the militants from several southern towns. The Associated Press reported that the fighting around Lawdar and Zinjibar killed 19 soldiers and 21 militants assumed to be members of Al Qaeda although it ̔s not yet clear how closely they are linked. The surrounding Abyan Province is one of Al Qaeda ̔s strongholds in the Arabian Peninsula. In a strange twist, reports say, the army commander who led the battle to drive back the Islamists is one of several top military figures who has turned against the country’s embattled president, Ali Abdullah Saleh. 


### Source:

1. [Arirang News](http://www.arirang.co.kr/News/News_View.asp?nseq=116973&code=Ne2&category=2)
2. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/energyOilNews/idAFLDE75B09320110612?sp=true)

### Related:

1. [2011 Yemeni uprising:Tens of thousands of Yemenis protest against an immunity deal for former President Ali Abdullah Saleh demanding he face trial for deaths in the 2011 Yemeni uprising. ](/news/2011/12/30/2011-yemeni-uprising-ptens-of-thousands-of-yemenis-protest-against-an-immunity-deal-for-former-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-demanding-he-fac.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
2. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Labour strikes take place in Yemen as protesters demand reforms and the dismissal of managers over alleged corruption under the regime of outgoing President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/12/28/2011-yemeni-uprising-labour-strikes-take-place-in-yemen-as-protesters-demand-reforms-and-the-dismissal-of-managers-over-alleged-corruption.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
3. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Thousands of Yemeni protesters march from the city of Taez to the capital Sana'a to demand a trial for outgoing President Ali Abdullah Saleh for alleged crimes against anti-government protesters. ](/news/2011/12/21/2011-yemeni-uprising-thousands-of-yemeni-protesters-march-from-the-city-of-taez-to-the-capital-sana-a-to-demand-a-trial-for-outgoing-presid.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
4. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Hundreds of thousands of protesters demonstrate in Yemen calling for the trial of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/12/11/2011-yemeni-uprising-hundreds-of-thousands-of-protesters-demonstrate-in-yemen-calling-for-the-trial-of-president-ali-abdullah-saleh.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
5. [Following months of violent protests against his 33-year rule, Yemen's President Ali Abdullah Saleh says he will leave office "within 90 days" of an agreement regarding elections with the regional Gulf Cooperation Council.](/news/2011/11/15/following-months-of-violent-protests-against-his-33-year-rule-yemen-s-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-says-he-will-leave-office-within-90-day.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
6. [2011 Yemeni uprising: At least 12 people die in another major outbreak of fighting in the Yemeni capital Sana'a between supporters and opponents of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-yemeni-uprising-at-least-12-people-die-in-another-major-outbreak-of-fighting-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-between-supporters-and-oppon.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
7. [Arab Spring:2011 Yemeni uprising:Over a million people protest against Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in one of the Yemeni opposition's largest protests. ](/news/2011/09/9/arab-spring-p2011-yemeni-uprising-pover-a-million-people-protest-against-yemeni-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-in-one-of-the-yemeni-opposition.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
8. [2011 Yemeni uprising: The President of Yemen, Ali Abdullah Saleh, returns from Saudi Arabia after a three-month absence, amid an increase in political unrest and violence in Yemen. ](/news/2011/09/23/2011-yemeni-uprising-the-president-of-yemen-ali-abdullah-saleh-returns-from-saudi-arabia-after-a-three-month-absence-amid-an-increase-in.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
9. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh leaves hospital in Saudi Arabia after injuries sustained during the ongoing uprising. ](/news/2011/08/7/2011-yemeni-uprising-yemeni-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-leaves-hospital-in-saudi-arabia-after-injuries-sustained-during-the-ongoing-uprisi.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
10. [2011 Yemeni uprising: President Ali Abdullah Saleh undergoes surgery in Saudi Arabia for injuries sustained in a bomb blast. ](/news/2011/06/9/2011-yemeni-uprising-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-undergoes-surgery-in-saudi-arabia-for-injuries-sustained-in-a-bomb-blast.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
