### [2011-06-12](/news/2011/06/12/index.md)

# The International Monetary Fund is hit by a major cyber attack. 

The International Monetary Fund, which manages global financial crises, has been the target of a major cyber attack by hackers seeking access to confidential information about economies across the world.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/8571306/IMF-hit-by-major-cyber-attack.html)

### Related:

1. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
2. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives  and the International Monetary Fund  and other international partners on a  three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
3. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: cyber attack_
6. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [The International Monetary Fund encourages the move toward negative interest rates because "they help deliver additional monetary stimulus and easier financial conditions." ](/news/2016/04/10/the-international-monetary-fund-encourages-the-move-toward-negative-interest-rates-because-they-help-deliver-additional-monetary-stimulus-a.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system  that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-num.md) _Context: cyber attack_
10. [The International Monetary Fund modifies its benchmark currency basket to include the yuan of the People's Republic of China. The basket also includes the U.S. dollar, the euro, the pound sterling, and the Japanese yen. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-international-monetary-fund-modifies-its-benchmark-currency-basket-to-include-the-yuan-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-basket-als.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
