### [2004-10-23](/news/2004/10/23/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3946831.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=OZ4A3USJM4IJECRBAEZSFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=6588888)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Iraqi National Guard, Mortar, Mosul, Samarra, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Mortar, Mosul, Ramadi_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Ramadi, Samarra, car bomb_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials report at least eight dead in a car bomb outside the education ministry in Baghdad. In Mosul, another car bomb kills two and wounds four Iraqi National Guard. ](/news/2004/11/2/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-officials-report-at-least-eight-dead-in-a-car-bomb-outside-the-education-ministry-in-baghdad-in-mosul-another-car.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: 42 primarily Shi'a parties release a statement saying a postponement of elections would be illegal. The U.S. military reports a U.S. soldier is killed by a roadside bomb in Duluiya north of Baghdad and that troops discover 17 more corpses in Mosul, raising the number found to at least 50 in two weeks. Hospital officials in Ramadi say two people are killed and three wounded when U.S. troops fire on suspected insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/28/conflict-in-iraq-42-primarily-shi-a-parties-release-a-statement-saying-a-postponement-of-elections-would-be-illegal-the-u-s-military-rep.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, Ramadi_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, Iraqi National Guard_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, Ramadi, car bomb_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Heavy fighting continues in Falluja, where U.S. military officials say over 500 insurgents, 18 U.S. and five Iraqi troops had been killed. In Baghdad, 17 people are killed when a car bomb explodes near a shopping center. ](/news/2004/11/10/conflict-in-iraq-heavy-fighting-continues-in-falluja-where-u-s-military-officials-say-over-500-insurgents-18-u-s-and-five-iraqi-troops.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Falluja, car bomb_
9. [ Three car bombs&mdash;two in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, and one in the northern city of Mosul&mdash;kill at least 26 people and wound at least 100. All the casualties are Iraqis. ](/news/2004/10/4/three-car-bombs-mdash-two-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad-and-one-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-mdash-kill-at-least-26-people-and-wound-at.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
10. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mosul, Samarra_
