### [2011-03-19](/news/2011/03/19/index.md)

# 600 people are evacuated in Indonesia from the area near Mount Karangetang as it began erupting. 

Jakarta: At least 600 people have been evacuated to temporary shelters a day after Indonesian authorities issued a red alert for the Mount Karangetang...


### Source:

1. [Sify India](http://www.sify.com/news/600-evacuated-as-Indonesian-volcano-erupts-news-ldtrEfdebhf.html?ref=content_widget_news)

### Related:

1. [ Indonesia raises the lava alert for Mount Karangetang on the resort island of Siau as authorities move to evacuate those most at risk. ](/news/2007/08/19/indonesia-raises-the-lava-alert-for-mount-karangetang-on-the-resort-island-of-siau-as-authorities-move-to-evacuate-those-most-at-risk.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Karangetang_
2. [ Five hundred people are evacuated from the slopes of Mount Karangetang, an active volcano that is spewing ash and lava, on the island of Siau in Indonesia. ](/news/2007/08/12/five-hundred-people-are-evacuated-from-the-slopes-of-mount-karangetang-an-active-volcano-that-is-spewing-ash-and-lava-on-the-island-of-si.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Karangetang_
3. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-po.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Indonesia_
