### [2011-03-19](/news/2011/03/19/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:More than 50 mortar rounds are fired from the Gaza Strip at an area in the Western Negev, Israel, injuring two Israeli civilians in response to Israeli airstrikes earlier in the week, which was itself a response to a previous Palestinian mortar attack from Gaza. Israel counterresponds with artillery and airstrikes killing two Palestinian militants. 

Hamas military wing claims responsibility for more than 50 mortar shells fired at western Negev communities. Two people lightly hurt; building sustains heavy damage. IDF bombs Gaza targets in response; injuries reported 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-kills-two-palestinian-terrorists-near-gaza-border-1.350301)
2. [Ma'an News Agency](http://www.maannews.net/eng/ViewDetails.aspx?ID=369897)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=213035)
4. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2011/03/19/Hamas-breaks-up-rally-attacks-the-press/UPI-31221300554368/)
5. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4044337,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian terrorist_
4. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violence.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launche.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel, marking the first such attack since a ceasefire was signed in November 2012. ](/news/2013/02/26/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pa-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-marking-the-first-such-attack-since-a-ceasefire-was-signe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Following accusations by the Foreign Press Association that Israel is intimidating journalists on the 10-ship flotilla due to sail to the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that the journalists will not to be sanctioned. ](/news/2011/06/26/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pfollowing-accusations-by-the-foreign-press-association-that-israel-is-intimidating-journalists-on-the-10-shi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli war planes roam at low attitudes across the skies of Gaza. ](/news/2011/04/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-war-planes-roam-at-low-attitudes-across-the-skies-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu instructs his inner cabinet to continue diplomatic efforts to thwart an upcoming aid flotilla bound for the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/04/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-instructs-his-inner-cabinet-to-continue-diplomatic-efforts-to-thwa.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
