### [2011-03-19](/news/2011/03/19/index.md)

# Robert Cooper, special adviser to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), meets with Bahraini Interior Minister Lt. Gen. Sheikh Rashid bin Abdulla Al Khalifa [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official (Saudi News Today)] to discuss the security situation of the Country and measures taken towards resolution under the light of the recent protests.




### Related:

1. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, Robert Cooper_
2. [EU Foreign Affairs head, Catherine Ashton meets with deposed President Mohamed Morsi at an undisclosed location and confirms he is in good health, while Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood supporters call for continued demonstrations against the new regime. ](/news/2013/07/30/eu-foreign-affairs-head-catherine-ashton-meets-with-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi-at-an-undisclosed-location-and-confirms-he-is-in-good-h.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton_
3. [2011 Bahraini protests: Medical staff who treated anti-government demonstrators are charged with attempting to overthrow the monarchy. ](/news/2011/06/6/2011-bahraini-protests-medical-staff-who-treated-anti-government-demonstrators-are-charged-with-attempting-to-overthrow-the-monarchy.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
4. [2011 Bahraini protests: More than 10,000 people join an opposition rally for the first time in months calling for reform. ](/news/2011/06/11/2011-bahraini-protests-more-than-10-000-people-join-an-opposition-rally-for-the-first-time-in-months-calling-for-reform.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
5. [Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa orders an end to the emergency law imposed after anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/05/8/bahrain-s-king-hamad-bin-isa-al-khalifa-orders-an-end-to-the-emergency-law-imposed-after-anti-government-protests.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
6. [European Union Foreign Affairs head, Catherine Ashton, condemns Iran for its ongoing executions of juvenile offenders following the public execution of two juveniles in Bandar Abbas, Iran. ](/news/2011/05/3/european-union-foreign-affairs-head-catherine-ashton-condemns-iran-for-its-ongoing-executions-of-juvenile-offenders-following-the-public-e.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton_
7. [Republika Srpska President Milorad Dodik, speaking after meeting Catherine Ashton in Banja Luka, says a referendum "for the time being is not necessary". The referendum would have been a challenge to both Ashton and the courts of Bosnia. ](/news/2011/05/13/republika-srpska-president-milorad-dodik-speaking-after-meeting-catherine-ashton-in-banja-luka-says-a-referendum-for-the-time-being-is-no.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton_
8. [2011 Bahraini protests:Bahraini forces fire live rounds at civilians in Sitra as part of its crackdown on protests against the regime, assisted by Saudi Arabia. Video footage emerges showing the use of poison gas against civilians. ](/news/2011/04/28/2011-bahraini-protests-bahraini-forces-fire-live-rounds-at-civilians-in-sitra-as-part-of-its-crackdown-on-protests-against-the-regime-assis.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
9. [Bahrain's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa vows with "deep regret" not to attend Friday's wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton in the UK due to his preoccupation with a popular uprising among his own people against his father's long-running rule. ](/news/2011/04/24/bahrain-s-crown-prince-salman-bin-hamad-bin-isa-al-khalifa-vows-with-deep-regret-not-to-attend-friday-s-wedding-of-prince-william-and-cath.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
10. [The King of Bahrain Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa claims that the 2011 Bahraini protests were a foreign plot defeated by the intervention of forces from neighbors Saudi Arabia and the UAE of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf's Peninsula Shield Force. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-king-of-bahrain-hamad-ibn-isa-al-khalifa-claims-that-the-2011-bahraini-protests-were-a-foreign-plot-defeated-by-the-intervention-of-forc.md) _Context: 2011 Bahraini protests_
