### [2014-04-23](/news/2014/04/23/index.md)

# Palestinian rival factions Fatah and Hamas have announced reconciliation to form a unity government. They split up violently in 2007. 

Rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas announce a reconciliation deal, saying they will seek to form a unity government in the coming weeks.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-27128902)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
4. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-b.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
6. [Islamist unrest in Egypt (2013-present):. An Egyptian court bans the Palestinian group Hamas and orders its offices in the country to be shut down and all dealings with the group suspended. The court also brands it as a terrorist organization. [http://www.dw.de/egypt-bans-hamas-labels-it-a-terrorist-organization/a-17472158 "(DW)"] [http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/egypt-court-outlaws-hamas-brands-muslim-brotherhood-offshoot-terrorists-1438816 "(International Business Times)"]](/news/2014/03/4/islamist-unrest-in-egypt-2013-present-an-egyptian-court-bans-the-palestinian-group-hamas-and-orders-its-offices-in-the-country-to-be-s.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
7. [The Palestinian Islamic organization Hamas re-elects Khaled Meshaal as its leader. The group also passes a new law ordering gender segregation in Gaza's schools that will go into effect in September. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-palestinian-islamic-organization-hamas-re-elects-khaled-meshaal-as-its-leader-the-group-also-passes-a-new-law-ordering-gender-segregati.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-20.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
9. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
10. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
