### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# European Union leaders  unanimously agree on reforms aimed at keeping the United Kingdom in the 28-nation bloc before the country's scheduled June 23, 2016, referendum on continuing EU membership. 

David Cameron hailed a landmark deal on Friday he said gave Britain &quot;special status&quot; in the European Union and pledged to campaign heart and soul to stay in the EU at a deeply uncertain referendum expected in June.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-idUSKCN0VS153)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/02/19/eu-summit-brexit-migrants/80597830/)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, member states_
2. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, member states_
3. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum_
4. [According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom-to-leave-the-european-union-as-voter-anxiety-rises.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum_
5. [The UK may not face a credit rating downgrade if it votes to leave the EU in a referendum due by the end of 2017, according to the lead UK analyst at Moody's. ](/news/2015/11/22/the-uk-may-not-face-a-credit-rating-downgrade-if-it-votes-to-leave-the-eu-in-a-referendum-due-by-the-end-of-2017-according-to-the-lead-uk-a.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum_
6. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
7. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
8. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, member states_
9. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
10. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
