### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# Following the United States Supreme Court's denial of North Carolina's request to use the current district map, the state's legislature meets the deadline for a court-ordered reapportionment of its congressional voting districts. Congressional primaries are rescheduled to June 7, 2016, from March 15. 

The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday refused to stay a ruling that two North Carolina congressional districts be redrawn over racial gerrymandering in a 2011 redistricting, forcing congressional primaries to be rescheduled for June 7.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-north-carolina-congressional-map-redistricting-20160219-story.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-politics-north-carolina-idUSKCN0VT04N)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160220&t=2&i=1118924421&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC1J02R)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States Supreme Court_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States Supreme Court_
3. [The General Assembly of the U.S. state of North Carolina votes on a motion to veto override by the Governor Bev Perdue of the state budget. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-general-assembly-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-votes-on-a-motion-to-veto-override-by-the-governor-bev-perdue-of-the-state-budget.md) _Context: North Carolina, state's legislature_
4. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democratic-party-after-his-resignation-in-february-in-an-o.md) _Context: primary election_
