### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# Kosovo opposition lawmakers twice disrupt today's session of parliament by tossing tear gas into the chamber to protest recent changes giving the country's Serb minority greater powers, and demanding the government's resignation and  snap elections. 

PRISTINA: Despite security checks at the entrance, Kosovo opposition lawmakers on Friday again used tear gas to block work from being done in Parliament to pressure the government into renouncing deals with Serbia and Montenegro.The session, delayed for about 50 minutes, was temporarily suspended Friday after a tear gas canister was launched from opposition lawmakers’ seats. A resumed session an hour later was suspended again for the same reason. Outside the Parliament a few hundreds opposition supporters were gathered shouting anti-government slogans.


### Source:

1. [ (Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/world/news/883191)
2. [AFP via ''GlobalPost](http://www.globalpost.com/article/6735229/2016/02/19/kosovo-mps-stage-new-tear-gas-protest-parliament)

### Related:

1. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words "''Kosovo je Srbija''" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbs_
2. [Anti-Serbian protesters set fire to the government's headquarters in Kosovo's capital, Pristina, over an EU-brokered deal that will give Kosovo's ethnic Serb minority greater local powers. ](/news/2016/01/9/anti-serbian-protesters-set-fire-to-the-government-s-headquarters-in-kosovo-s-capital-pristina-over-an-eu-brokered-deal-that-will-give-kos.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbs_
3. [Kosovo Serbs block off two border crossings with Serbia as the Kosovo government seeks to take them over. ](/news/2011/09/16/kosovo-serbs-block-off-two-border-crossings-with-serbia-as-the-kosovo-government-seeks-to-take-them-over.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbs_
4. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: snap election_
5. [Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-mustafa-who-was-removed-from-office-in.md) _Context: Kosovo_
6. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: snap election_
7. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: Serbs_
8. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: snap election_
9. [Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. ](/news/2016/11/29/protesters-in-brazil-hold-a-violent-demonstration-against-a-proposed-public-spending-cap-in-the-capital-brasilia-police-used-tear-gas-and-r.md) _Context: tear gas_
10. [Kuwait, where citizens make up around 30 percent of the emirate's 4.4 million population, votes  in a snap election following parliament's dissolution on 16 October amid the impact of falling oil prices. This is the first election the opposition has not boycotted in nearly four years. ](/news/2016/11/26/kuwait-where-citizens-make-up-around-30-percent-of-the-emirate-s-4-4-million-population-votes-in-a-snap-election-following-parliament-s-d.md) _Context: snap election_
