### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# Opposition leader Kizza Besigye is arrested again just before a planned press conference. Police raid Besigye's Forum for Democratic Change party headquarters and fire tear gas at the FDC supporters. Partial results from the electoral commission show a lead for incumbent president Yoweri Museveni. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-africa-35518162)

### Related:

1. [Uganda arrests opposition leader Kizza Besigye as he addressed a crowd of supporters in the capital Kampala, and shuts down access to social media within the country prior to President Yoweri Museveni's inauguration tomorrow. ](/news/2016/05/11/uganda-arrests-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-as-he-addressed-a-crowd-of-supporters-in-the-capital-kampala-and-shuts-down-access-to-social.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
2. [Opposition leader Kizza Besigye is arrested while trying to obtain copies of the official election results. ](/news/2016/02/22/opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-is-arrested-while-trying-to-obtain-copies-of-the-official-election-results.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Ugandan general election, 2016_
3. [The President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni is declared the winner of the Presidential election with 60% of the vote. European Union observers state that the election was held in an "intimidating atmosphere". ](/news/2016/02/20/the-president-of-uganda-yoweri-museveni-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-presidential-election-with-60-of-the-vote-european-union-observers-s.md) _Context: Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
4. [Voters in Uganda go to the polls for a general election to elect a new President of Uganda as well as for parliamentary and local elections. The Presidential race with eight candidates including incumbent Yoweri Museveni and seven challengers is tipped to be the closest in the nation's history. ](/news/2016/02/18/voters-in-uganda-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-to-elect-a-new-president-of-uganda-as-well-as-for-parliamentary-and-local-elections.md) _Context: Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
5. [Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda says tomorrow's presidential and parliamentary elections will be peaceful, and urges all registered citizens to vote. Seven candidates are vying to unseat President Museveni, who has been in office since 1986. ](/news/2016/02/17/prime-minister-ruhakana-rugunda-says-tomorrowas-presidential-and-parliamentary-elections-will-be-peaceful-and-urges-all-registered-citize.md) _Context: Ugandan general election, 2016, Yoweri Museveni_
6. [Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye says the government may fall amid ongoing protests, unless President Yoweri Museveni offers concessions. ](/news/2011/05/15/ugandan-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-says-the-government-may-fall-amid-ongoing-protests-unless-president-yoweri-museveni-offers-concessi.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Yoweri Museveni_
7. [The Ugandan political opposition, the Forum for Democratic Change, claims that its leader Kizza Besigye has been barred from boarding a flight to Kampala from the Kenyan capital Nairobi. ](/news/2011/05/11/the-ugandan-political-opposition-the-forum-for-democratic-change-claims-that-its-leader-kizza-besigye-has-been-barred-from-boarding-a-flig.md) _Context: Forum for Democratic Change, Kizza Besigye_
8. [Uganda's opposition leader Kizza Besigye calls for protests against the disputed presidential election which saw incumbent President Yoweri Museveni win a fourth term in office. ](/news/2011/02/24/uganda-s-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-calls-for-protests-against-the-disputed-presidential-election-which-saw-incumbent-president-yoweri.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Yoweri Museveni_
9. [ Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye, the main challenger to President Yoweri Museveni in the first multi-party elections since 1986, is arrested by the police. This has sparked off riots. He is accused of having links to the rebel groups People's Redemption Army and Lord's Resistance Army. ](/news/2005/11/14/ugandan-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-the-main-challenger-to-president-yoweri-museveni-in-the-first-multi-party-elections-since-1986-is.md) _Context: Kizza Besigye, Yoweri Museveni_
10. [In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an-end-to-security-and-military-coop.md) _Context: Yoweri Museveni_
