### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of Al-Shaddadah and a nearby oilfield in Syria's north-east Al-Hasakah Governorate following heavy clashes with ISIL militants. 

A Kurdish-led force backed by US-led air strikes has seized an Isis stronghold in northeastern Syria, a monitor has said. The Syrian Democratic Forces were in full control of the town of Al-Shadadi in Hasakeh province on Friday, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor told AFP.


### Source:

1. [Der Spiegel](http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/syrien-saudi-arabien-will-rebellen-mit-boden-luft-raketen-ausstatten-a-1078295.html)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/kurdish-led-force-seizes-isis-stronghold-in-northeast-syria-a6884661.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, Al-Shaddadah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present): Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs says it's aware of reports that a Canadian national, John Robert Gallagher, has died while fighting in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, John Robert Gallagher was killed while fighting alongside the Syrian Democratic Forces against Islamic State militants in the northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/5/syrian-civil-war-syrian-kurdish-islamist-conflict-2013-present-canada-s-department-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-s-aware-of-reports-tha.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [Syrian Civil War: U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Manbij offensive (2016): The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/syrian-civil-war-manbij-offensive-2016-the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [Syrian Civil War: 2015 al-Qamishli bombings: Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/syrian-civil-war-2015-al-qamishli-bombings-several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restau.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present): A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-kurdish-islamist-conflict-2013-present-a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
