### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission orders manufacturers of self-balancing scooters (hoverboards) to ensure their products meet safety standards or face recall, or seizure at ports. CPSC Chairman Elliot Kaye tells NBC News no hoverboard currently on the market meets these standards. 

&quot;Consumers risk serious injury or death if their self-balancing scooters ignite and burn,&quot; the Consumer Product Safety Commission says.Never mind that


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/u-s-government-agency-declares-hoverboards-unsafe-n521881)
1. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_50/1334091/hoverboard_fire_485b88ea5e8e88b2fead8c5e8e7df196.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: NBC News_
2. [The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission warns that Samsung washing machines may explode if washing heavy load items at high speeds. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-u-s-consumer-product-safety-commission-warns-that-samsung-washing-machines-may-explode-if-washing-heavy-load-items-at-high-speeds.md) _Context: U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission_
3. [CIA Director John Brennan, in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed using waterboarding if elected. ](/news/2016/04/11/cia-director-john-brennan-in-an-exclusive-interview-to-air-on-nbc-news-tonight-says-the-united-states-intelligence-agency-will-not-use-har.md) _Context: NBC News_
4. [A court convicts Donald Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy Company, of violating safety standards that led to the deaths of 29 Upper Big Branch mine workers in Montcoal, West Virginia in 2010. He is acquitted of making false statements and deceiving regulators. Blankenship, who faces up to one year in prison and a fine of $250,000, is the most prominent American coal executive ever to be convicted of a charge connected to the deaths of miners. ](/news/2015/12/3/a-court-convicts-donald-blankenship-former-ceo-of-massey-energy-company-of-violating-safety-standards-that-led-to-the-deaths-of-29-upper-b.md) _Context: safety standards_
5. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-and-suspends-two-staffers-following-friday-s.md) _Context: NBC News_
6. [The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Japanese manufacturer of airbags Takata Corp. agree to a five-year consent decree where the company agrees to pay a civil penalty of $70 million and faces as much as $130 million more in fines if it violates the settlement. Twelve automakers are ordered to speed up recalls that so far have only reached about a quarter of the affected cars. ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-national-highway-traffic-safety-administration-and-the-japanese-manufacturer-of-airbags-takata-corp-agree-to-a-five-year-consent-d.md) _Context: recall_
7. [A University of Notre Dame study finds significant correlation between substantial executive stock options and future product recalls. CEOs with abundant stock options get a huge payoff when the company performs well but endure minute consequences when it doesn't. ](/news/2015/09/14/a-university-of-notre-dame-study-finds-significant-correlation-between-substantial-executive-stock-options-and-future-product-recalls-ceos.md) _Context: recall_
8. [Toyota announces that it will recall nearly 6.5 million vehicles due to steering and other faults. ](/news/2014/04/9/toyota-announces-that-it-will-recall-nearly-6-5-million-vehicles-due-to-steering-and-other-faults.md) _Context: recall_
9. [The President of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, approves a bill to modernize the infrastructure of all national ports in her country. She vetoes 13 contradictory sections. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-approves-a-bill-to-modernize-the-infrastructure-of-all-national-ports-in-her-country-she-vetoes-13.md) _Context: port_
10. [NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel and his production team are freed after 5 days of captivity in northern Syria. They were captured by what Engel claims were members of the shabiha, a plainclothes militia loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. Rebel forces at a checkpoint freed the men after a firefight that killed 2 of the captors. ](/news/2012/12/18/nbc-news-chief-foreign-correspondent-richard-engel-and-his-production-team-are-freed-after-5-days-of-captivity-in-northern-syria-they-were.md) _Context: NBC News_
