### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. 

The Justice Department is seeking to force Apple to comply with an order to help the FBI crack a phone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/02/19/doj-files-motion-to-compel-apple-to-comply-with-fbi-order.html)

### Related:

1. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute. Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/fbi-apple-encryption-dispute-federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-t.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
2. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute. A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbi-apple-encryption-dispute-a-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _Context: San Bernardino, U.S. Department of Justice_
3. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the "Business Insider". ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
4. [Apple Inc. says it will appeal a court order to create a backdoor for an iPhone 5C belonging to Syed Farook who conducted the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/17/apple-inc-says-it-will-appeal-a-court-order-to-create-a-backdoor-for-an-iphone-5c-belonging-to-syed-farook-who-conducted-the-2015-san-berna.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
5. [The FBI shuts down Megaupload. In response, hacker group Anonymous shuts down the United States Department of Justice website and many websites of the government and entertainment industry. ](/news/2012/01/19/the-fbi-shuts-down-megaupload-in-response-hacker-group-anonymous-shuts-down-the-united-states-department-of-justice-website-and-many-websi.md) _Context: FBI, U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [Crime in Minnesota. An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/crime-in-minnesota-an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: Apple Inc._
