### [2016-02-19](/news/2016/02/19/index.md)

# Zika virus outbreak: The first case of the Zika virus has been diagnosed in South Africa. 

A Columbian businessman, who is visiting South Africa, has been diagnosed with the Zika virus, Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi said on Friday. 


### Source:

1. [Times Live](http://www.timeslive.co.za/local/2016/02/19/First-Zika-virus-case-in-South-Africa-diagnosed)

### Related:

1. [Zika virus outbreak: The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/zika-virus-outbreak-the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-b.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
2. [Zika virus outbreak: Chile confirms its first case of sexually transmitted Zika virus. The case involves a 46-year-old woman whose partner was infected while in Haiti. ](/news/2016/03/26/zika-virus-outbreak-chile-confirms-its-first-case-of-sexually-transmitted-zika-virus-the-case-involves-a-46-year-old-woman-whose-partner-w.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
3. [ Zika virus outbreak: Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/zika-virus-outbreak-cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
4. [Zika virus outbreak: The Polynesian state of Tonga declares a Zika virus epidemic with two confirmed cases and 265 suspected cases. ](/news/2016/02/4/zika-virus-outbreak-the-polynesian-state-of-tonga-declares-a-zika-virus-epidemic-with-two-confirmed-cases-and-265-suspected-cases.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
5. [Zika virus outbreak: Pope Francis indicates that contraceptives could be allowed, as the "lesser of two evils" vis-a-vis the sin of abortion, in addressing the life-threatening problem the Zika virus presents. He noted that Pope Paul VI, "in a difficult situation in Africa, permitted nuns to use contraceptives in cases of rape". ](/news/2016/02/18/zika-virus-outbreak-pope-francis-indicates-that-contraceptives-could-be-allowed-as-the-lesser-of-two-evils-vis-a-vis-the-sin-of-abortio.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
6. [Zika virus outbreak: Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/zika-virus-outbreak-several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
7. [South African Premier Division: Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/south-african-premier-division-two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-jo.md) _Context: South Africa_
8. [Wildfires in South Africa: Up to 10,000 people have been evacuated from Knysna Local Municipality on Garden Route in South Africa after wildfire destroyed 150 homes. The Wildfire is connected to the worst windstorm in 30 years, which already killed at least 8 people in Cape Town. [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-40199270 (BBC)], [https://www.enca.com/south-africa/knysna-toddler-dies-on-birthday (ENCA)], [https://www.rte.ie/news/world/2017/0608/881071-south_africa/ (RTE)], [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/storm-kills-displaces-thousands-cape-town-170608052748704.html (Al Jazeera)], [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/africa/south-africa-cape-town-storm-fires.html "(The New York Times)"]](/news/2017/06/8/wildfires-in-south-africa-up-to-10-000-people-have-been-evacuated-from-knysna-local-municipality-on-garden-route-in-south-africa-after-wild.md) _Context: South Africa_
9. [Economy of South Africa: The giant South Africa based cement company, PPC Ltd., presents its first quarter results, dominated by the "impact of a liquidity crisis precipitated by an unexpected S&P debt downgrade." ](/news/2017/06/7/economy-of-south-africa-the-giant-south-africa-based-cement-company-ppc-ltd-presents-its-first-quarter-results-dominated-by-the-impact.md) _Context: South Africa_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: Zika virus_
