### [2014-04-12](/news/2014/04/12/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:. Chemical weapons are used again in Syria, this time on the town of Kafr Zita, Hama. 




### Source:

1. [US News](http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2014/04/12/syria-rebels-government-confirm-poison-gas-attack)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Syria. In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/politics-of-syria-in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr.md) _Context: Hama, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Shayrat missile strike. The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/syrian-civil-war-2017-shayrat-missile-strike-the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observat.md) _Context: Hama, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot-s name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/syrian-civil-war-isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-age.md) _Context: Hama, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-c.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
6. [Syrian Civil War:. Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syrian-civil-war-syria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-pro.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
7. [Syrian Civil War:. Eleven people, including six members of a United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons fact finding mission, are attacked near Hama in central Syria. ](/news/2014/05/27/syrian-civil-war-eleven-people-including-six-members-of-a-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-fact-findin.md) _Context: Hama, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:. A suicide truck bomber attack by the Al-Qaeda-linked Al-Nusra Front on a government checkpoint outside Hama, Syria, kills at least 30 people, including a number of soldiers. ](/news/2013/10/20/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-truck-bomber-attack-by-the-al-qaeda-linked-al-nusra-front-on-a-government-checkpoint-outside-hama-syria-kills.md) _Context: Hama, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war. United Nations inspectors are investigating three alleged instances of use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war since the Ghouta chemical attack on 21 August. ](/news/2013/09/27/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-inspectors-are-investigating-three-alleged-instances-of-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-the-syrian-civil-war-sin.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
10. [Syrian civil war:. The head of a United Nations war crimes tribunal states that it is investigating 14 alleged instances of chemical weapons attacks. ](/news/2013/09/17/syrian-civil-war-the-head-of-a-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-states-that-it-is-investigating-14-alleged-instances-of-chemical-weapons.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
