### [2008-11-28](/news/2008/11/28/index.md)

#  Black Friday: As the Christmas shopping season begins in the United States, two are shot at a Toys R Us store in Palm Desert, California, and a Wal-Mart employee is crushed in a stampede after shoppers broke down a front door in Valley Stream, New York. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aySPPfb8T8GU&refer=home)
2. [KABC](http://abclocal.go.com/kabc/story?section=news/local/inland_empire&id=6529687)

### Related:

1. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California, United States_
2. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California, New York State_
3. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, United States_
4. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: California, New York State_
5. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
6. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
8. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
9. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
