### [2009-10-8](/news/2009/10/8/index.md)

#  A prominent Al-Qaeda leader, Abu Yahya al-Libi, urges Muslims in Xinjiang to "prepare for holy war" after the riots in July. 

China&rsquo;s fears about international Islamic militants getting excited over the Xinjiang problem came true with a prominent al-Qaida leader threatening to attack Chinese targets in &quot;reprisal&quot; for the July 5 riots.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/10/08/china.uyghur.threat/)
2. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2009-10/08/content_8767743.htm)
3. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/china/Al-Qaida-leader-orders-reprisals-against-Chinese-targets-for-Urumqi-riots/articleshow/5101955.cms)

### Related:

1. [A US drone attack kills at least 15 suspected militants in Pakistan's North Waziristan region. High ranked al-Qaeda official Abu Yahya al-Libi is killed in the attack. ](/news/2012/06/4/a-us-drone-attack-kills-at-least-15-suspected-militants-in-pakistan-s-north-waziristan-region-high-ranked-al-qaeda-official-abu-yahya-al-li.md) _Context: Abu Yahya al-Libi, al-Qaeda_
2. [Security is boosted in Xinjiang in western China on the anniversary of the July 2009 Urumqi riots. ](/news/2010/07/5/security-is-boosted-in-xinjiang-in-western-china-on-the-anniversary-of-the-july-2009-ara1-4mqi-riots.md) _Context: Xinjiang, ethnic riots_
3. [China sentences an Uyghur journalist who spoke to foreign media after riots in Xinjiang last year to 15 years imprisonment. ](/news/2010/07/23/china-sentences-an-uyghur-journalist-who-spoke-to-foreign-media-after-riots-in-xinjiang-last-year-to-15-years-imprisonment.md) _Context: Xinjiang, ethnic riots_
4. [China commences surveillance of text messages, with customers from the country's two largest operators being blocked for lewd messages. Meanwhile, text messaging returns to Xinjiang, after riots last July. ](/news/2010/01/18/china-commences-surveillance-of-text-messages-with-customers-from-the-country-s-two-largest-operators-being-blocked-for-lewd-messages-mean.md) _Context: Xinjiang, ethnic riots_
5. [ A further six people are sentenced to death over ethnic unrest in China's Xinjiang region in July. ](/news/2009/10/15/a-further-six-people-are-sentenced-to-death-over-ethnic-unrest-in-china-s-xinjiang-region-in-july.md) _Context: Xinjiang, ethnic riots_
6. [ China urges Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan to retract his comments of "genocide" in Xinjiang. ](/news/2009/07/14/china-urges-turkish-prime-minister-tayyip-erdoaan-to-retract-his-comments-of-genocide-in-xinjiang.md) _Context: Xinjiang, ethnic riots_
7. [ A lengthy statement from al-Qaeda's second in command, Ayman al-Zawahiri, on the eve of the fifth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks calls on Muslims to step up their resistance against the United States. ](/news/2006/09/10/a-lengthy-statement-from-al-qaeda-s-second-in-command-ayman-al-zawahiri-on-the-eve-of-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-att.md) _Context: Muslim, al-Qaeda_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
