### [2009-10-8](/news/2009/10/8/index.md)

#  Wallace Souza, former Brazilian television presenter accused of ordering murders to boost the ratings of "Canal Livre", now a fugitive from justice, is at large following the end of his parliamentary immunity. 

A Brazilian TV presenter accused of ordering murders to boost the ratings of his hit crime show has fled and remains a fugitive from justice, after a judge order him jailed this week, authorities said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/10/07/brazil.tv.host.missing/index.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1008/brazil.html)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/host-charged-with-ordering-murders-to-bolster-tv-ratings-flees-20091009-gp9g.html)

### Related:

1. [ Wallace Souza, the former Brazilian state legislator and host of "Canal Livre" who faces accusations of drug trafficking and murder, surrenders to police after being a fugitive for four days. ](/news/2009/10/9/wallace-souza-the-former-brazilian-state-legislator-and-host-of-canal-livre-who-faces-accusations-of-drug-trafficking-and-murder-surren.md) _Context: Brazil, Canal Livre, Wallace Souza_
2. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil_
3. [Maritime incidents in 2017: The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/maritime-incidents-in-2017-the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Corruption in Brazil: Operation Car Wash: Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [List of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches: SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/list-of-falcon-9-and-falcon-heavy-launches-spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-se.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil_
