### [2011-05-27](/news/2011/05/27/index.md)

# Six Italian peacekeepers are injured in an attack on their UNIFIL vehicle in Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2011/05/27/150771.html)

### Related:

1. [In Nigeria six foreign workers, of which one Italian, one Greek and two Lebanese, are kidnapped in a construction site, one security guard is killed. ](/news/2013/02/17/in-nigeria-six-foreign-workers-of-which-one-italian-one-greek-and-two-lebanese-are-kidnapped-in-a-construction-site-one-security-guard-i.md) _Context: Italian, Lebanon_
2. [The head of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon in southern Lebanon appeals for calm after attacks by villagers. ](/news/2010/07/9/the-head-of-the-united-nations-interim-force-in-lebanon-in-southern-lebanon-appeals-for-calm-after-attacks-by-villagers.md) _Context: Lebanon, UNIFIL_
3. [ Italy offers to lead the United Nations peacekeeping forces in Lebanon instead of France. Italy has offered to provide 2,000 forces, more than any other nation, and France is only offering to provide 200 civil engineers. ](/news/2006/08/21/italy-offers-to-lead-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-forces-in-lebanon-instead-of-france-italy-has-offered-to-provide-2-000-forces-more-t.md) _Context: Italian, Lebanon_
4. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [A magnitude 4.0 earthquake strikes the Italian island of Ischia, leaving one person dead and 25 others injured. Italian media report 10 others are unaccounted for after several buildings collapsed in Casamicciola Terme. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-magnitude-4-0-earthquake-strikes-the-italian-island-of-ischia-leaving-one-person-dead-and-25-others-injured-italian-media-report-10-othe.md) _Context: Italian_
6. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [Wildfires devastate the Italian provinces of Messina, Naples, Enna and Rome. The Vesuvius National Park is reportedly completely destroyed by flames and ash. Italian police claim the fires are the work of arsonists. ](/news/2017/07/12/wildfires-devastate-the-italian-provinces-of-messina-naples-enna-and-rome-the-vesuvius-national-park-is-reportedly-completely-destroyed-b.md) _Context: Italian_
