### [2011-05-27](/news/2011/05/27/index.md)

# The Boston Bruins defeat the Tampa Bay Lightning 1-0 in the Eastern Conference of  National Hockey League to progress to the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals against the Vancouver Canucks. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/sports/hockey/bruins/extras/bruins_blog/2011/05/game_7_live_upd.html?p1=News_links)

### Related:

1. [The Boston Bruins defeat the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 in Game 7 to win the Stanley Cup Finals in the North American National Hockey League. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-boston-bruins-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-4-0-in-game-7-to-win-the-stanley-cup-finals-in-the-north-american-national-hockey-league.md) _Context: Boston Bruins, NHL, Vancouver Canucks_
2. [The Boston Bruins defeat the Vancouver Canucks 5-2 to force the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals into a seventh game. ](/news/2011/06/13/the-boston-bruins-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-5-2-to-force-the-2011-stanley-cup-finals-into-a-seventh-game.md) _Context: 2011 Stanley Cup Finals, Boston Bruins, Vancouver Canucks_
3. [The Vancouver Canucks beat the Boston Bruins 1-0 in the first game of the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals with Raffi Torres scoring the winning goal. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-vancouver-canucks-beat-the-boston-bruins-1-0-in-the-first-game-of-the-2011-stanley-cup-finals-with-raffi-torres-scoring-the-winning-goal.md) _Context: 2011 Stanley Cup Finals, Boston Bruins, Vancouver Canucks_
4. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-s-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-in-a-shooutout-for-the-blackhawks-sixteenth-con.md) _Context: NHL, Vancouver Canucks_
5. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: NHL_
6. [Gordie Howe, who scored 801 goals, was a six-time most valuable player during 26 years in the National Hockey League and won four Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings, dies at the age of 88. ](/news/2016/06/10/gordie-howe-who-scored-801-goals-was-a-six-time-most-valuable-player-during-26-years-in-the-national-hockey-league-and-won-four-stanley-cu.md) _Context: NHL_
7. [The National Hockey League officially announces it will realign into a four-division structure and a modified division-based playoff system starting next season after the league's board of governors approves. The league's players association had previously given their approval as well. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-hockey-league-officially-announces-it-will-realign-into-a-four-division-structure-and-a-modified-division-based-playoff-system.md) _Context: NHL_
8. [Lindy Ruff, the active longest tenured coach in the National Hockey League is fired by the Buffalo Sabres after serving as the team's head coach for fifteen seasons. Ruff leaves the Sabres as the franchise's all time leader in wins and games coached. Ruff's 571 victories with the Sabres, rank second to Al Arbour's 709 with the New York Islanders. ](/news/2013/02/20/lindy-ruff-the-active-longest-tenured-coach-in-the-national-hockey-league-is-fired-by-the-buffalo-sabres-after-serving-as-the-team-s-head-c.md) _Context: NHL_
9. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: NHL_
10. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: NHL_
