### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Cindy makes its way towards the eastern coasts of the Southern United States. 

June&#039;s first tropical storm formed Monday in the Atlantic.


### Source:

1. [The Weather Channel](https://weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/potential-tropical-depression-two-tropical-storm-bret)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. A ten-year-old boy dies from injuries sustained during Tropical Storm Cindy in Fort Morgan, Alabama. ](/news/2017/06/21/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-a-ten-year-old-boy-dies-from-injuries-sustained-during-tropical-storm-cindy-in-fort-morgan-alabama.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Tropical Storm Cindy_
2. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating in anticipation of Hurricane Harvey's landfall. perhaps by late Friday, as a Category 3 storm, the biggest hurricane to hit mainland United States since 2005. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15-25 inches (38-64 centimeters), and as much 35 inches (89 cm) of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-evacuat.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthe.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-a.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017. The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: Southern United States_
8. [A powerful storm system hits the southern United States, resulting in four deaths in Alabama and severe damage across several states. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-the-southern-united-states-resulting-in-four-deaths-in-alabama-and-severe-damage-across-several-states.md) _Context: Southern United States_
9. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Southern United States_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter. 2015-2016 El Nino event. At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Southern United States_
