### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# 2017 Venezuelan protests: The Supreme Court paves the way for the prosecution of Prosecutor General Luisa Ortega Diaz after she voiced criticism towards President Nicolas Maduro. 

Venezuela&rsquo;s Supreme Court cleared the way for a trial against the country&rsquo;s chief prosecutor, who became a surprise hero to the opposition after breaking ranks with the government of President Nicolas Maduro over his efforts to concentrate power.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/venezuela-chief-prosecutor-to-face-charges-as-crisis-deepens/2017/06/20/9eaef446-561a-11e7-840b-512026319da7_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Luisa Ortega Diaz, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017: Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
3. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Protesters march towards Venezuelan Supreme Court against what they feel is bias in favor of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/07/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-protesters-march-towards-venezuelan-supreme-court-against-what-they-feel-is-bias-in-favor-of-president-nicolas-mad.md) _Context: Supreme Court, ongoing protests_
4. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Luisa Ortega Diaz, Nicolas Maduro_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/2017-venezuelan-protests-2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
6. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
7. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A student is killed amid gunfire in El Tigre, raising the death toll in protests against Nicolas Maduro's government to at least 37 in the past month. ](/news/2017/05/4/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-student-is-killed-amid-gunfire-in-el-tigre-raising-the-death-toll-in-protests-against-nicola-s-maduro-s-governm.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
8. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
9. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
10. [Peru-Venezuela relations: Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peru-venezuela-relations-shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
