### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# LGBT rights in Russia: The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. 

Russia’s so-called gay propaganda law reinforces “stigma and prejudice” and violates the right to freedom of expression, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled. The law, which bans the promotion of &quot;homosexual behaviour among minors&quot;, has been in place since 2013.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russia-gay-propaganda-law-discriminatory-homophobia-european-human-rights-court-rules-echr-a7798926.html)

### Related:

1. [LGBT rights in Russia: Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains -absolute lies and disinformation- since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/lgbt-rights-in-russia-russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figure.md) _Context: LGBT rights in Russia, Russia_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
3. [2014 Winter Olympics:: LGBT sportspeople, such as tennis player Billie Jean King and ice hockey player Caitlin Cahow, are to represent the United States in Sochi as a protest against the treatment of LGBT people in Russia. ](/news/2013/12/18/2014-winter-olympics-lgbt-sportspeople-such-as-tennis-player-billie-jean-king-and-ice-hockey-player-caitlin-cahow-are-to-represent-the-u.md) _Context: LGBT rights in Russia, Russia_
4. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia violated the rights of ten relatives of victims of the 1940 Katyn Massacre, and describes the massacre as a war crime. ](/news/2012/04/16/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-violated-the-rights-of-ten-relatives-of-victims-of-the-1940-katyn-massacre-and-describ.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
5. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia did not abuse legal processes to destroy Yukos, once its largest oil company. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-did-not-abuse-legal-processes-to-destroy-yukos-once-its-largest-oil-company.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [2017 disasters in Russia: At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-disasters-in-russia-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
