### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# Nazi plunder: A secret collection of Nazi heritage is found in Argentina. 

Argentine police have seized a cache of Nazi artefacts hidden behind a library in the house of an art collector in Buenos Aires, including a bust of dictator Adolf Hitler and instruments used as racial classification tools.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/argentina-nazi-cache-idINKBN19B2RH)

### Related:

1. [Crime in Argentina: A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/crime-in-argentina-a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-o.md) _Context: Argentina_
2. [A bus traveling to Chile overturns in Argentina's Mendoza Province, killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2017/02/18/a-bus-traveling-to-chile-overturns-in-argentina-s-mendoza-province-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Argentina_
3. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes northwest Argentina, near Chilecito in La Rioja Province. No reports of damages or injuries. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-northwest-argentina-near-chilecito-in-la-rioja-province-no-reports-of-damages-or-injuries.md) _Context: Argentina_
4. [Five people are dead and five are in hospital after taking ecstasy at an Argentine version of the Time Warp Festival featuring electronic music acts. ](/news/2016/04/16/five-people-are-dead-and-five-are-in-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-at-an-argentine-version-of-the-time-warp-festival-featuring-electronic-mu.md) _Context: Argentina_
5. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute: A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina_
6. [Argentina-China relations: Argentina's coastguard says it has sunk a Chinese fishing trawler that was operating illegally within its territorial waters. The coastguard says it rescued four of the trawler's crew while others who abandoned ship were picked up by another Chinese vessel shadowing the pursuit. ](/news/2016/03/15/argentina-china-relations-argentina-s-coastguard-says-it-has-sunk-a-chinese-fishing-trawler-that-was-operating-illegally-within-its-terri.md) _Context: Argentina_
7. [The new president of Argentina, Mauricio Macri, makes a $6.5 billion cash offer to holdout creditors to settle liabilities arising out of a 2002 default. ](/news/2016/02/5/the-new-president-of-argentina-mauricio-macri-makes-a-6-5-billion-cash-offer-to-holdout-creditors-to-settle-liabilities-arising-out-of-a.md) _Context: Argentina_
8. [At least 41 people are dead after an Argentine National Gendarmerie bus crashes near the city of Salta in north-west Argentina. ](/news/2015/12/14/at-least-41-people-are-dead-after-an-argentine-national-gendarmerie-bus-crashes-near-the-city-of-salta-in-north-west-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina_
9. [Argentine general election, 2015: Voters in Argentina go to the polls for a presidential runoff between Daniel Scioli of the ruling Justicialist Party and Mauricio Macri of the opposition PRO. Mauricio Macri, the mayor of Buenos Aires, was elected with 53% of the vote. ](/news/2015/11/22/argentine-general-election-2015-voters-in-argentina-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-runoff-between-daniel-scioli-of-the-ruling-justicia.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [Argentine general election, 2015: Voters in Argentina went to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff. With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. ](/news/2015/10/25/argentine-general-election-2015-voters-in-argentina-went-to-the-polls-sunday-to-select-a-new-president-and-legislature-the-race-to-be-arg.md) _Context: Argentina_
