### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. 

Russia’s so-called gay propaganda law reinforces “stigma and prejudice” and violates the right to freedom of expression, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled. The law, which bans the promotion of &quot;homosexual behaviour among minors&quot;, has been in place since 2013.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russia-gay-propaganda-law-discriminatory-homophobia-european-human-rights-court-rules-echr-a7798926.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2017/06/20/12/gay-march-russia-police.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: LGBT rights in Russia, Russia_
2. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
3. [LGBT sportspeople, such as tennis player Billie Jean King and ice hockey player Caitlin Cahow, are to represent the United States in Sochi as a protest against the treatment of LGBT people in Russia. ](/news/2013/12/18/lgbt-sportspeople-such-as-tennis-player-billie-jean-king-and-ice-hockey-player-caitlin-cahow-are-to-represent-the-united-states-in-sochi-a.md) _Context: LGBT rights in Russia, Russia_
4. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia violated the rights of ten relatives of victims of the 1940 Katyn Massacre, and describes the massacre as a war crime. ](/news/2012/04/16/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-violated-the-rights-of-ten-relatives-of-victims-of-the-1940-katyn-massacre-and-describ.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
5. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia did not abuse legal processes to destroy Yukos, once its largest oil company. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-did-not-abuse-legal-processes-to-destroy-yukos-once-its-largest-oil-company.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Russia_
6. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russia and Belarus begin a six-day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise simulates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise; however, Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: Russia_
