### [2017-06-20](/news/2017/06/20/index.md)

# The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. 

Move follows Moscow’s warning coalition planes west of Euphrates will be a potential target after US shot down Syrian fighter jet


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-40344534)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/jun/20/raaf-suspends-air-operations-over-syria-after-russian-threat-to-coalition-forces)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/bc63cd3406c52c8b8cfb4fed06f418d9bb75a785/0_0_3600_2161/master/3600.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=645cb9de11cca92c01e880c14dc31ce3)

### Related:

1. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Euphrates, Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s-led-coalition-warplanes-leaves-at-least-32-islamic-st.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, seize control of the strategic Tishrin Dam on the Euphrates in eastern Aleppo from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/12/27/the-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-backed-by-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-seize-control-of-the-strategic-tishrin-dam-on-the-euphrates-in-e.md) _Context: Euphrates, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
