### [2007-07-22](/news/2007/07/22/index.md)

#  Gordon Brown, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, holds an Emergency Cabinet meeting to discuss floods with the British Army called in to help in the worst affected areas of England and Wales. 

British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has held an emergency Cabinet meeting as severe floods continue to affect large areas of central England and Wales.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/23/1985282.htm)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/linkableblob/6072216/data/abc-news-data.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown holds an emergency COBRA cabinet meeting to discuss an outbreak of foot and mouth disease on a farm in Surrey, England. The foot and mouth strain has been identified as a rare strain used at the nearby Institute for Animal Health at Pirbright. ](/news/2007/08/4/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-holds-an-emergency-cobra-cabinet-meeting-to-discuss-an-outbreak-of-foot-and-mouth-dis.md) _Context: England, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, forming a government_
2. [Thirteen areas of south-west England and Wales have been warned of possible floods as the United Kingdom prepares for heavy rain. ](/news/2012/12/14/thirteen-areas-of-south-west-england-and-wales-have-been-warned-of-possible-floods-as-the-united-kingdom-prepares-for-heavy-rain.md) _Context: England, Wales, flood_
3. [ 2007 North Sea flood: The Environment Agency of England and Wales issues eight severe flood warnings for eastern England with residents ordered to evacuate from 7,500 homes in Great Yarmouth. ](/news/2007/11/9/2007-north-sea-flood-the-environment-agency-of-england-and-wales-issues-eight-severe-flood-warnings-for-eastern-england-with-residents-ord.md) _Context: England, Wales, flood_
4. [Two British Army soldiers are killed and two others are injured in an incident involving a tank at Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire, Wales. ](/news/2017/06/14/two-british-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-in-an-incident-involving-a-tank-at-castlemartin-training-area-in-pembrokeshi.md) _Context: British Army, Wales_
5. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, Wales_
6. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-tho.md) _Context: England, Wales_
7. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
8. [Thousands, including some from Australia, protest in London, England, against the renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterrent.md) _Context: England, Wales_
9. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: England, Wales_
10. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
