### [2007-07-22](/news/2007/07/22/index.md)

#  Turkish voters go to the polls for general elections. The ruling AKP led by the Prime Minister of Turkey Tayyip Erdogan wins a resounding victory. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://ca.today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2007-07-22T175637Z_01_L21280970_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-TURKEY-ELECTION-COL.XML)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6909667.stm)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish, ruling party_
2. [Turkish local elections, 2014:Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory.  ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-pvoters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish, ruling party_
3. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish, ruling party_
4. [ A death threat was mailed by PKK to CHP, MHP, DYP and AKP to withdraw their Van and Hakkri candidates to the 2007 general election in Turkey. ](/news/2007/05/14/a-death-threat-was-mailed-by-pkk-to-chp-mhp-dyp-and-akp-to-withdraw-their-van-and-hakkari-candidates-to-the-2007-general-election-in-turk.md) _Context: Turkish, general elections, ruling party_
5. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish, ruling party_
6. [In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-main-opposition-parties-hold-a-cross.md) _Context: Turkish, ruling party_
7. [Suspected ISIL militants attack  Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish_
8. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish_
9. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish_
10. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkish_
