### [2005-05-21](/news/2005/05/21/index.md)

#  ''The Sun'', the largest selling British tabloid newspaper, publishes more surreptitiously taken pictures of Saddam Hussein, while claiming to condemn the leaking of the first photographs. Other pictures also published show the imprisoned Ali Hassan al-Majid ("Chemical Ali") and Huda Salih Mahdi Ammash ("Mrs Anthrax"). President Bush intervenes to support an investigation into the leaking of the photos. 




### Source:

1. [Vancouver Sun](http://www.canada.com/vancouver/vancouversun/news/story.html?id=fb7a2022-544b-4c51-8349-e31c1bd22931)
2. [Guardian Unlimited](http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1489083,00.html)
3. [The Statesman](http://www.thestatesman.net/page.news.php?clid=8&theme=&usrsess=1&id=77729)

### Related:

1. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
2. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United Kingdom_
3. [ Fifteen former associates of Saddam Hussein, including his cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, face a trial in the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal for their alleged role in suppressing a Shiite uprising in 1991. ](/news/2007/08/21/fifteen-former-associates-of-saddam-hussein-including-his-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-face-a-trial-in-the-supreme-iraqi-criminal-tribunal.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United Kingdom_
5. [ Ali Hassan al-Majid, better known as "Chemical Ali," is sentenced to death for his role in killing 180,000 Kurds under Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2007/06/24/ali-hassan-al-majid-better-known-as-chemical-ali-is-sentenced-to-death-for-his-role-in-killing-180-000-kurds-under-saddam-hussein.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United Kingdom_
8. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: British ''Daily Mirror'' tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. ](/news/2005/11/22/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-british-daily-mirror-tabloid-publishes-an-article-suggesting-that-george-w-bush-discussed-with-tony-blair-a-p.md) _Context: George W. Bush, tabloid_
9. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, United Kingdom_
10. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, United Kingdom_
