### [2017-04-22](/news/2017/04/22/index.md)

# Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. 

Pope Francis urged governments on Saturday to get migrants and refugees out of holding centers, saying many had become &quot;concentration camps&quot;.


### Source:

1. [Catholic News Service](http://www.catholicnews.com/services/englishnews/2017/pope-pays-tribute-to-modern-martyrs-calls-for-witnesses-of-gods-love.cfm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-pope-martyrs-idUSKBN17O0MI)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis arrives on the Greek island of Lesbos. Francis is expected to visit the Moria detention facility, where he will have lunch with some of the 3,060 men, women, and children there. ](/news/2016/04/16/pope-francis-arrives-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-francis-is-expected-to-visit-the-moria-detention-facility-where-he-will-have-lunch-with.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos, Pope Francis_
2. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
3. [Clashes break out between migrants and riot police  at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as  a Greek migration minister  was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policeman-reportedly-hit-a-mino.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
4. [At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes  in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. ](/news/2016/02/8/at-least-27-migrants-die-in-a-shipwreck-in-the-aegean-sea-when-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-turkish-bay-of-edremit-near-the-greek-island-of-lesb.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
5. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Muslim, Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africappope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-co.md) _Context: Muslim, Pope Francis_
7. [United States President Barack Obama, in Antalya, Turkey, says America will continue to accept refugees from Syria and elsewhere, though, "Only after subjecting them to rigorous screening and security checks." Responding to calls to admit Christians but not Muslims into the country, he said, "We don't have religious tests to our compassion." ](/news/2015/11/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-in-antalya-turkey-says-america-will-continue-to-accept-refugees-from-syria-and-elsewhere-though-o.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
8. [An extensive search is underway in the northeastern Aegean Sea off the Greek island of Lesbos for at least 34 people missing from a boat that sank yesterday. Some 242 people were rescued but eight died, five children, two men and a woman. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-extensive-search-is-underway-in-the-northeastern-aegean-sea-off-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-for-at-least-34-people-missing-from-a-boat-tha.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
9. [Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. ](/news/2015/09/20/some-26-migrants-are-feared-missing-after-a-dinghy-carrying-them-sinks-off-the-coast-of-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-greek-coast-guard-re.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
10. [Clashes between Christian Copt and Muslims in the Egyptian capital Cairo kill 13 people and injure 140. ](/news/2011/03/9/clashes-between-christian-copt-and-muslims-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-kill-13-people-and-injure-140.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
