### [2017-04-22](/news/2017/04/22/index.md)

# Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. 

Thousands of leftwing demonstrators are expected to protest in Cologne, with fears of clashes.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39677510)

### Related:

1. [German federal election, 2017: Alternative for Germany chairwoman Frauke Petry announces that she will not lead the party in the September federal election, citing other party leaders' insistence on remaining a "fundamental opposition party", unwilling to join a coalition. ](/news/2017/04/19/german-federal-election-2017-alternative-for-germany-chairwoman-frauke-petry-announces-that-she-will-not-lead-the-party-in-the-september-f.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany_
2. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016: Voters in the federal German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern head to the polls in a regional election to elect members to the Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to gain strongly. ](/news/2016/09/4/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-voters-in-the-federal-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-head-to-the-polls-in-a-regional-el.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany_
3. [Berlin state election, 2016: Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/berlin-state-election-2016-voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany_
4. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany_
5. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne_
6. [Elections in Germany: Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/elections-in-germany-regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany_
7. [Terrorism in Germany: German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/terrorism-in-germany-german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planni.md) _Context: Cologne_
8. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-critici.md) _Context: Cologne_
9. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appea.md) _Context: Cologne_
10. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mas.md) _Context: Cologne_
