### [2006-11-27](/news/2006/11/27/index.md)

#  Australian Attorney-General Philip Ruddock tables the multi-volume Cole Inquiry report. It finds that the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard, his ministers or Australian government departments were not aware of AWB Limited paying kickbacks to the regime of Saddam Hussein to buy Australian wheat under the Oil for Food program. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,20828605-2,00.html?from=public_rss)

### Related:

1. [ John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia denies being aware of an Australian company giving "kick-backs" to Saddam Hussein during the United Nations' Oil for food programme. ](/news/2006/04/13/john-howard-prime-minister-of-australia-denies-being-aware-of-an-australian-company-giving-kick-backs-to-saddam-hussein-during-the-unite.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, Saddam Hussein, oil-for-food_
2. [ The Cole Inquiry delivers its report to the Australian Government to be tabled in the Parliament of Australia on Monday. It was inquiring whether Australian companies notably AWB Limited paid bribes to the Government of Saddam Hussein in order to sell wheat to Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-cole-inquiry-delivers-its-report-to-the-australian-government-to-be-tabled-in-the-parliament-of-australia-on-monday-it-was-inquiring-w.md) _Context: AWB Limited, Cole Inquiry, Saddam Hussein_
3. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
4. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
5. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard proposes a constitutional referendum recognising indigenous Australians in the Australian constitution, if he is reelected. ](/news/2007/10/11/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-proposes-a-constitutional-referendum-recognising-indigenous-australians-in-the-australian-const.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
8. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
9. [  The President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard agree to six deals including an agreement whereby the PRC will purchase A$35 billion worth of liquefied natural gas from Woodside Petroleum. ](/news/2007/09/6/the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-agree-to-six-deals-including-an-agre.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
10. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
