### [2006-11-27](/news/2006/11/27/index.md)

#  Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. 




### Related:

1. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
2. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
3. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper appoints five new Senators. ](/news/2010/01/29/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-appoints-five-new-senators.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
4. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new Cabinet is sworn in after the October 14 federal election. ](/news/2008/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-s-new-cabinet-is-sworn-in-after-the-october-14-federal-election.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
6. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government.  Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
7. [ A young Canadian man is found guilty in the 2006 Toronto terrorism case of participating in a plot to storm the Parliament of Canada and behead the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper. ](/news/2008/09/25/a-young-canadian-man-is-found-guilty-in-the-2006-toronto-terrorism-case-of-participating-in-a-plot-to-storm-the-parliament-of-canada-and-be.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper apologises to tens of thousands of the aboriginal peoples of Canada for more than a century of abuses of First Nations, Inuit and Metis at residential schools set up to assimilate them into Canadian society. ](/news/2008/06/11/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-apologises-to-tens-of-thousands-of-the-aboriginal-peoples-of-canada-for-more-than-a-century-of.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
9. [ Stephen Harper, the Prime Minister of Canada tours the Arctic regions of Canada to assert wider claims of sovereignty over the region following a recent claim by Russia to the North Pole. ](/news/2007/08/9/stephen-harper-the-prime-minister-of-canada-tours-the-arctic-regions-of-canada-to-assert-wider-claims-of-sovereignty-over-the-region-follo.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
10. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper shuffles his cabinet. Among the changes, embattled defence minister Gordon O'Connor and heritage minister Bev Oda are moved to National Revenue and International Cooperation and replaced by Peter Mackay and Josee Verner, respectively. ](/news/2007/08/14/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-shuffles-his-cabinet-among-the-changes-embattled-defence-minister-gordon-o-connor-and-heritage-min.md) _Context: Canadian, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
