### [2006-11-27](/news/2006/11/27/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of the Democratic Republic of the Congo confirms that Joseph Kabila had won the 2006 presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Independent Online](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=136&art_id=qw1164658504999B252)

### Related:

1. [ Joseph Kabila, the first freely elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 40 years, is inaugurated as President. ](/news/2006/12/6/joseph-kabila-the-first-freely-elected-leader-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-in-40-years-is-inaugurated-as-president.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
2. [ Part of the Supreme Court of the Democratic Republic of Congo burns down during a gunfight, thereby suspending the Court's review of electoral fraud and irregularities alleged to have taken place during the contested second round of the 2006 presidential election. ](/news/2006/11/21/part-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-burns-down-during-a-gunfight-thereby-suspending-the-court-s-review-of-electo.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, presidential candidate in 2006_
3. [ Joseph Kabila and Jean-Pierre Bemba face-off in the presidential run-off election in Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2006/10/28/joseph-kabila-and-jean-pierre-bemba-face-off-in-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
4. [ Democratic Republic of the Congo general election: As a meeting between Bemba and foreign ambassadors representing the International Committee Accompanying the Transition to Democracy (CIAT) is taking place in Kinshasa, clashes break between Kabila and Bemba forces; Bemba's residence, hosting the meeting, comes under attack, reportedly by heavy machine guns and artillery. Several hours later, the UN spokesperson in the DRC, Jean-Tobias Okala, announced the foreign diplomats, including MONUC chief William Swing, were successfully evacuated to UN headquarters. ](/news/2006/08/21/democratic-republic-of-the-congo-general-election-as-a-meeting-between-bemba-and-foreign-ambassadors-representing-the-international-commit.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
5. [ With nearly all votes counted, the presidential election in the Democratic Republic of Congo heads toward a run-off election after neither candidate wins a fifty percent majority. Full provisional results show Joseph Kabila with 44.81 percent of the vote, to Jean-Pierre Bemba's 20.03 percent. There have been reports of automatic gunfire, and MLC representatives accused Kabila's Republican Guard of killing one of its men and injuring three policemen. ](/news/2006/08/20/with-nearly-all-votes-counted-the-presidential-election-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-heads-toward-a-run-off-election-after-neither.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
6. [President Joseph Kabila appoints Bruno Tshibala of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress as the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Kabila's earlier announcement of his decision to appoint a new prime minister prompted Samy Badibanga to resign from the role after less than five months in office. ](/news/2017/04/7/president-joseph-kabila-appoints-bruno-tshibala-of-the-union-for-democracy-and-social-progress-as-the-prime-minister-of-the-democratic-repub.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
7. [December 2016 Congolese protests. Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/december-2016-congolese-protests-clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-jose.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
8. [President Joseph Kabila appoints Samy Badibanga as the new Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as part of a power-sharing deal agreed by the opposition and government. ](/news/2016/11/17/president-joseph-kabila-appoints-samy-badibanga-as-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-as-part-of-a-power-sharing.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
9. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
10. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Joseph Kabila_
