### [2013-08-31](/news/2013/08/31/index.md)

# Veteran British broadcaster Sir David Frost - who famously interviewed former U.S. President Richard Nixon - dies on board the Queen Elizabeth of a heart attack, aged 74. 

Broadcaster and writer Sir David Frost dies at the age of 74 following a heart attack.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-23920336)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: British people, President_
2. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: President, Richard Nixon_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: President_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: President_
5. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: President_
6. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Pastor A.R. Bernard becomes the first religious leader to resign from the president's evangelical advisory board. ](/news/2017/08/19/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-pastor-a-r-bernard-becomes-the-first-religious-leader-to-resign-from-the-president-s-evangelical-ad.md) _Context: President_
7. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: President_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: President_
9. [CNN controversies: CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: President_
10. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: President_
