### [2007-01-17](/news/2007/01/17/index.md)

#  The Indian Government has waded into the alleged bullying and racial abuse of contestant Shilpa Shetty on Celebrity Big Brother UK, which is said to have sparked more viewer complaints to media regulator Ofcom than any other show in the history of British television. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-2551921,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The furore over the treatment towards contestant Shilpa Shetty in Celebrity Big Brother 2007, by contestants including Jade Goody, has resulted in Jade being evicted by popular vote from the show, due to heightened concerns over safety, after the issue reached a lowpoint in UK-Indian relations. ](/news/2007/01/19/the-furore-over-the-treatment-towards-contestant-shilpa-shetty-in-celebrity-big-brother-2007-by-contestants-including-jade-goody-has-resu.md) _Context: India, Shilpa Shetty, United Kingdom_
2. [ Alleged racist treatment of Indian actress Shilpa Shetty on Celebrity Big Brother 2007 draws widespread attention. It has attracted a record 33,000 complaints, death threats and has resulted in cancellation of multi-million pound Big Brother sponsorships and participants' modelling contracts. Prime Minister Tony Blair's likely successor, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown commented on the subject during his India visit and has been mentioned in the House of Commons. ](/news/2007/01/18/alleged-racist-treatment-of-indian-actress-shilpa-shetty-on-celebrity-big-brother-2007-draws-widespread-attention-it-has-attracted-a-recor.md) _Context: Celebrity Big Brother 2007, India, Shilpa Shetty_
3. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
4. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
5. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
6. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: United Kingdom, bully politics_
7. [A Dutch tourist, Richard de Wit, allegedly confesses to killing Sarah Groves, a British fitness instructor from Guernsey, who was found dead with multiple stab wounds on a houseboat in Jammu and Kashmir, India. ](/news/2013/04/8/a-dutch-tourist-richard-de-wit-allegedly-confesses-to-killing-sarah-groves-a-british-fitness-instructor-from-guernsey-who-was-found-dead.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
8. [A 24-year-old British tourist is found dead in a houseboat in Jammu and Kashmir, India. ](/news/2013/04/6/a-24-year-old-british-tourist-is-found-dead-in-a-houseboat-in-jammu-and-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
9. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, visits the Indian city of Amritsar to express remorse for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre on 13 April 1919. ](/news/2013/02/20/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-visits-the-indian-city-of-amritsar-to-express-remorse-for-the-jallianwala-bagh-mass.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
10. [Indian Muslim television preacher Zakir Naik is banned from entry into the United Kingdom for what is described as "unacceptable behaviour". He was due to lecture in Sheffield and London. ](/news/2010/06/18/indian-muslim-television-preacher-zakir-naik-is-banned-from-entry-into-the-united-kingdom-for-what-is-described-as-unacceptable-behaviour.md) _Context: India, United Kingdom_
