### [2011-01-8](/news/2011/01/8/index.md)

# United States govt. attempts to access private information:It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. 

The US government has subpoenaed the social networking site Twitter for personal details of people connected to Wikileaks, court documents show.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-12141530)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/01/08/us.wikileaks.twitter/index.html?hpt=T1)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/jan/08/us-twitter-hand-icelandic-wikileaks-messages)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/jan/08/wikileaks-calls-google-facebook-us-subpoenas)

### Related:

1. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: American, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
2. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: American, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
3. [The Federal Government of Australia is helping the United States investigate Australians involved with the WikiLeaks website according to Julian Assange, who requests that Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Attorney-General Robert McClelland reveal every detail of assistance to foreign governments. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-federal-government-of-australia-is-helping-the-united-states-investigate-australians-involved-with-the-wikileaks-website-according-to-ju.md) _Context: American, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
4. [The U.S. ambassador to Iceland is summoned in relation to secret United States attempts to access private details concerning Icelandic MP Birgitta Jonsdottir. The matter is described as "very serious". ](/news/2011/01/9/the-u-s-ambassador-to-iceland-is-summoned-in-relation-to-secret-united-states-attempts-to-access-private-details-concerning-icelandic-mp-bi.md) _Context: American, Birgitta Jonsdottir, Iceland_
5. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [WikiLeaks revelations:A "spy" computer is found in an office next to Icelandic MP Birgitta Jonsdottir who has been the target in the United States Department of Justice/Twitter case concerning the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2011/01/23/wikileaks-revelations-pa-spy-computer-is-found-in-an-office-next-to-icelandic-mp-birgitta-jonsdottir-who-has-been-the-target-in-the-united.md) _Context: Iceland, Twitter, WikiLeaks_
7. [WikiLeaks:The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-pthe-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-brad.md) _Context: American, Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
8. [Julian Assange of Wikileaks says the United States has approached the website to try to negotiate the release of a further 15,000 Afghanistan war documents which the military desires to keep secret; the United States denies this. ](/news/2010/08/18/julian-assange-of-wikileaks-says-the-united-states-has-approached-the-website-to-try-to-negotiate-the-release-of-a-further-15-000-afghanista.md) _Context: American, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: American, WikiLeaks_
