### [2008-11-11](/news/2008/11/11/index.md)

#  A Holocaust survivor group announces the abandonment of negotiations with the LDS Church over the latter's continued posthumous baptism of Jews killed in the Holocaust. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/11/11/baptizing.dead.jews.ap/index.html?iref=mpstoryview)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017. Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Holocaust_
2. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announces the formation of three new missions, each in Vietnam, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Nigeria. ](/news/2016/01/7/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-announces-the-formation-of-three-new-missions-each-in-vietnam-the-democratic-republic-of-t.md) _Context: The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints_
3. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) new policy states those in a same-sex marriage are to be considered apostates, and children living in a same-sex household may not be blessed as babies, or baptized until they are 18. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-mormon-new-policy-states-those-in-a-same-sex-marriage-are-to-be-considered-apostates-and.md) _Context: The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints_
4. [ Leaders and representatives from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints release statements clarifying recent policy changes effecting same-sex couples and their children. ](/news/2015/11/19/leaders-and-representatives-from-the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-release-statements-clarifying-recent-policy-changes-effect.md) _Context: The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Holocaust_
6. [A controversial beauty pageant for survivors of The Holocaust is held for the first time in the Israeli city of Haifa. Critics describe it as "offensive" and "macabre." ](/news/2012/06/29/a-controversial-beauty-pageant-for-survivors-of-the-holocaust-is-held-for-the-first-time-in-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-critics-describe-it-a.md) _Context: Holocaust_
7. [Nazi war criminal John Demjanjuk, convicted of accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews during The Holocaust, dies at the age of 91. ](/news/2012/03/17/nazi-war-criminal-john-demjanjuk-convicted-of-accessory-to-the-murder-of-27-900-jews-during-the-holocaust-dies-at-the-age-of-91.md) _Context: Holocaust_
8. [At memorial services on Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day in Israel, thousands of Holocaust survivors and Israelis commemorate the Jews who died during the Holocaust. ](/news/2011/05/1/at-memorial-services-on-holocaust-and-heroism-remembrance-day-in-israel-thousands-of-holocaust-survivors-and-israelis-commemorate-the-jews.md) _Context: Holocaust_
9. [ International Quds Day:. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Holocaust_
10. [ Pope Benedict XVI acknowledges mistakes in rescinding Bishop Richard Williamson's excommunication for Holocaust denial. ](/news/2009/03/12/pope-benedict-xvi-acknowledges-mistakes-in-rescinding-bishop-richard-williamson-s-excommunication-for-holocaust-denial.md) _Context: Holocaust_
