### [2017-01-15](/news/2017/01/15/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian peace process. A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. 

International effort to re-ignite moribund talks between Israelis and Palestinians under way in French capital.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/paris-summit-tackles-elusive-israel-palestine-peace-170115091444057.html)

### Related:

1. [Law in Israel. Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/law-in-israel-israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
2. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack. A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: France, Paris_
3. [Israel-United States relations. Israeli-Palestinian peace process. The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements or expanding existing settlements in the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/israel-united-states-relations-israeli-palestinian-peace-process-the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expa.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian peace process_
4. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing. A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _Context: France, Paris_
6. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-contin.md) _Context: France, Israeli-Palestinian peace process_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Palestinian_
