### [2007-10-13](/news/2007/10/13/index.md)

#  Four people are killed and over 50 injured when rear carriages of Probhati Express derails near Dhaka, Bangladesh.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}




### Related:

1. [Gunmen storm a restaurant, exchange fire with security, and take at least twenty hostages in the  Gulshan neighborhood of Dhaka, Bangladesh. Two policemen are killed. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/1/gunmen-storm-a-restaurant-exchange-fire-with-security-and-take-at-least-twenty-hostages-in-the-gulshan-neighborhood-of-dhaka-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
2. [Xulhaz Mannan, a Bangladeshi employee of a U.S. charity (USAID), who is also an editor for the country's only LGBT magazine, and a friend are hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, by suspected Islamist militants. Guards at the building were also injured. ](/news/2016/04/25/xulhaz-mannan-a-bangladeshi-employee-of-a-u-s-charity-usaid-who-is-also-an-editor-for-the-country-s-only-lgbt-magazine-and-a-friend-ar.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
3. [Teachers, writers and students lead a protest rally in Dhaka against the recent killings and attacks on secular authors and publishers in Bangladesh. ](/news/2015/11/1/teachers-writers-and-students-lead-a-protest-rally-in-dhaka-against-the-recent-killings-and-attacks-on-secular-authors-and-publishers-in-ba.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
4. [A series of bomb blasts targeting Shia Muslims in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka kills at least one person and injures dozens more. Claims of responsibility by ISIS are  discounted by Dhaka police who told AFP, "So far we have not found any link to any militant group." ](/news/2015/10/24/a-series-of-bomb-blasts-targeting-shia-muslims-in-the-bangladeshi-capital-dhaka-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-dozens-more-claims-of.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
5. [ISIL claims responsibility for the killing of an Italian man in Dhaka. If verified, it would be Islamic State's first attack in Bangladesh. ](/news/2015/09/28/isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-killing-of-an-italian-man-in-dhaka-if-verified-it-would-be-islamic-state-s-first-attack-in-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
6. [A collision between two buses on the Dhaka-Rajshahi highway leaves at least 30 people dead in northwestern Bangladesh. ](/news/2014/10/20/a-collision-between-two-buses-on-the-dhaka-rajshahi-highway-leaves-at-least-30-people-dead-in-northwestern-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
7. [2012 Dhaka fire:The owners of Tazreen Fashions, Delwar Hossain and his wife Mahmuda Akter, hand themselves in to face charges of murder in relation to the death of 112 workers in a factory fire in Dhaka, Bangladesh, in November 2012. ](/news/2014/02/9/2012-dhaka-fire-pthe-owners-of-tazreen-fashions-delwar-hossain-and-his-wife-mahmuda-akter-hand-themselves-in-to-face-charges-of-murder-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
8. [The Dhaka High Court rules the registration of Bangladesh's largest Islamic group Jamaat-e-Islami as a political party illegal making it potentially ineligible to contest elections. ](/news/2013/08/1/the-dhaka-high-court-rules-the-registration-of-bangladesh-s-largest-islamic-group-jamaat-e-islami-as-a-political-party-illegal-making-it-pot.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
9. [Three people are dead and over 200 are injured when Hefajat-e-Islam and Jamaat-e-Islami clash with police in Dhaka, Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/05/5/three-people-are-dead-and-over-200-are-injured-when-hefajat-e-islam-and-jamaat-e-islami-clash-with-police-in-dhaka-bangladesh.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
10. [2013 Savar building collapse:An eight-story commercial building collapses in Savar Upazila near the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka, resulting in at least 256 people dead, one thousand injured and scores more trapped. ](/news/2013/04/24/2013-savar-building-collapse-pan-eight-story-commercial-building-collapses-in-savar-upazila-near-the-bangladeshi-capital-dhaka-resulting-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Dhaka_
