### [2007-10-13](/news/2007/10/13/index.md)

#  Tens of thousands of people participate in a pro-government rally in Rangoon as Ibrahim Gambari, the United Nations envoy, returns to Southeast Asia. 

Tens of thousands of people have been taken to a pro-government rally in Rangoon in a show of strength by Burma&#039;s junta, as a United Nations envoy returns to south-east Asia to pile pressure on the regime.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/10/13/2058865.htm)

### Related:

1. [  Aid agencies say logistical difficulties hamper Burma aid deliveries; to date, the United Nations reports about 180 planes carrying relief supplies have been unloaded in Rangoon. ](/news/2008/05/30/aid-agencies-say-logistical-difficulties-hamper-burma-aid-deliveries-to-date-the-united-nations-reports-about-180-planes-carrying-relief.md) _Context: Rangoon, United Nations_
2. [ 2007 Burmese anti-government protests: United Nations special envoy Ibrahim Gambari meets with Burmese General Than Shwe to tell him to stop the killing of dissidents. ](/news/2007/10/2/2007-burmese-anti-government-protests-p-united-nations-special-envoy-ibrahim-gambari-meets-with-burmese-general-than-shwe-to-tell-him-to-st.md) _Context: Ibrahim Gambari, United Nations_
3. [ Ibrahim Gambari, the United Nations special envoy to Myanmar, warns the Burmese government to stop arresting dissidents. ](/news/2007/10/15/ibrahim-gambari-the-united-nations-special-envoy-to-myanmar-warns-the-burmese-government-to-stop-arresting-dissidents.md) _Context: Ibrahim Gambari, United Nations_
4. [ Aung San Suu Kyi meets with a United Nations official Ibrahim Gambari in Myanmar. It is the first time she has left her house since having been placed under house arrest in May. ](/news/2006/11/11/aung-san-suu-kyi-meets-with-a-united-nations-official-ibrahim-gambari-in-myanmar-it-is-the-first-time-she-has-left-her-house-since-having.md) _Context: Ibrahim Gambari, United Nations_
5. [ In a conference organized by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, officials urge changes to be made in how poultry are raised in Southeast Asia to prevent a bird flu pandemic. ](/news/2005/02/26/in-a-conference-organized-by-the-un-food-and-agriculture-organization-officials-urge-changes-to-be-made-in-how-poultry-are-raised-in-south.md) _Context: Southeast Asia, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
