### [2013-02-18](/news/2013/02/18/index.md)

# Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21501568)

### Related:

1. [UK Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Owen Paterson holds a summit with British retailers and the Food Standards Agency to ask how "beef" products containing horse meat were sold in supermarkets. ](/news/2013/02/9/uk-secretary-of-state-for-environment-food-and-rural-affairs-owen-paterson-holds-a-summit-with-british-retailers-and-the-food-standards-age.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, beef, horses for meat, supermarket chain_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
3. [Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u-s-embassy-in-boliv.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
4. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
5. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: Britain's Food Standards Agency says that 100kg of horse meat imported from Hungary and labelled as beef has been discovered in Lancashire. ](/news/2013/03/22/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-britain-s-food-standards-agency-says-that-100kg-of-horse-meat-imported-from-hungary-and-labelled-as-beef-has.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, beef, horses for meat_
6. [The British catering firm Compass Group and hotel chain Whitbread both identify horse meat in products sold as beef. ](/news/2013/02/15/the-british-catering-firm-compass-group-and-hotel-chain-whitbread-both-identify-horse-meat-in-products-sold-as-beef.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, beef, horses for meat_
7. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
8. [The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of-cyprus-italy-portugal-and-spa.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
9. [Fitch Ratings lowers France's rating outlook while maintaining a AAA rating and puts the grades of six nations including Spain and Italy on review due to Europe's failure to find a solution to the debt problem. ](/news/2011/12/16/fitch-ratings-lowers-france-s-rating-outlook-while-maintaining-a-aaa-rating-and-puts-the-grades-of-six-nations-including-spain-and-italy-on.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
10. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Italy, Spanish_
