### [2013-02-18](/news/2013/02/18/index.md)

# In cycling, Team Katusha is granted a World Tour licence by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) last week upheld the Russian team's appeal against the UCI's original decision to deny it a ProTeam licence. 

Katusha take their place alongside 18 original WorldTour squads


### Source:

1. [Cycling Weekly](http://www.cyclingweekly.co.uk/news/latest/536965/katusha-granted-worldtour-licence-by-uci.html)
2. [RCUK](http://roadcyclinguk.com/news/racing-news/uci-confirm-19-teams-for-2013-worldtour.html)
3. [Velonation](http://www.velonation.com/News/ID/13972/UCI-announces-it-will-increase-number-of-WorldTour-teams-to-nineteen-for-2013-season.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Russia_
2. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, Russia_
3. [In road bicycle racing, world number one Joaquim Rodrguez's Team Katusha is facing 2013 without guaranteed entries for the biggest races on the calendar after the UCI surprisingly relegated them from the 2013 UCI World Tour. ](/news/2012/12/11/in-road-bicycle-racing-world-number-one-joaquim-rodriguez-s-team-katusha-is-facing-2013-without-guaranteed-entries-for-the-biggest-races-on.md) _Context: Team Katusha, Union Cycliste Internationale_
4. [In cycling, the Court of Arbitration for Sport bans Spanish rider Alberto Contador for two years for doping and strips him of championships including the 2010 Tour de France. ](/news/2012/02/6/in-cycling-the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-bans-spanish-rider-alberto-contador-for-two-years-for-doping-and-strips-him-of-championships.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, cycling_
5. [Cycling's world body Union Cycliste Internationale asks the Spanish federation to take action against Tour de France winner Alberto Contador who tested positive for a small amount of clenbuterol. ](/news/2010/11/8/cycling-s-world-body-union-cycliste-internationale-asks-the-spanish-federation-to-take-action-against-tour-de-france-winner-alberto-contador.md) _Context: Union Cycliste Internationale, cycling_
6. [ The Court of Arbitration for Sport upholds a two year ban against cyclist Floyd Landis meaning that he will lose his 2006 Tour de France title. ](/news/2008/06/30/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-upholds-a-two-year-ban-against-cyclist-floyd-landis-meaning-that-he-will-lose-his-2006-tour-de-france-ti.md) _Context: Court of Arbitration for Sport, cycling_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
