### [2013-02-18](/news/2013/02/18/index.md)

# The perpetrator and his girlfriend's father are dead in a murder-suicide near Fairdealing, Missouri, United States, and two others are injured. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''STL Today](http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/dead-hurt-in-murder-suicide-in-southeast-missouri/article_f33aa6dc-6e49-5bdb-87ec-9949746a37f5.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
2. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
3. [Four people are killed in a murder-suicide at a home health care business in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, by the owner of the business, 59-year-old Ahmed Dirir. ](/news/2013/06/13/four-people-are-killed-in-a-murder-suicide-at-a-home-health-care-business-in-st-louis-missouri-united-states-by-the-owner-of-the-busines.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
4. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
5. [A murder-suicide on Interstate 80, near Salt Lake City, United States, causes the death of two people. ](/news/2013/02/8/a-murder-suicide-on-interstate-80-near-salt-lake-city-united-states-causes-the-death-of-two-people.md) _Context: American, murder-suicide_
6. [Four people are dead in a possible murder-suicide in Johns Creek, Georgia, United States. ](/news/2013/02/5/four-people-are-dead-in-a-possible-murder-suicide-in-johns-creek-georgia-united-states.md) _Context: American, murder-suicide_
7. [Two people are missing and at least 14 injured after a car struck a gas main causing an explosion at the Country Club Plaza in the American city of Kansas City, Missouri. ](/news/2013/02/19/two-people-are-missing-and-at-least-14-injured-after-a-car-struck-a-gas-main-causing-an-explosion-at-the-country-club-plaza-in-the-american.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
8. [Two people are dead, including the perpetrator and one of his two victims, in a murder-suicide, in a home in College Park, Maryland, United States. The three were student roommates at the University of Maryland, College Park. ](/news/2013/02/12/two-people-are-dead-including-the-perpetrator-and-one-of-his-two-victims-in-a-murder-suicide-in-a-home-in-college-park-maryland-united.md) _Context: American, murder-suicide_
9. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
10. [An ABB employee commits suicide after shooting eight people, three fatally, at the ABB Power building in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States. ](/news/2010/01/7/an-abb-employee-commits-suicide-after-shooting-eight-people-three-fatally-at-the-abb-power-building-in-st-louis-missouri-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: American, Missouri_
